The Bananacoin Project was established by a group of professionals with over 3 years of experience in producing bananas in Laos, consulted by software development experts and professional lawyers, in order to take advantage of blockchain technology in addressing real business objectives. The strategic goal of the project is a core modification of business and export relationships connected to the production and delivery of bananas. The initiators of the project have set a goal — to decentralize the process of business expansion and take it beyond the framework of traditional partnerships.  The Bananacoin Project will facilitate wider recognition of blockchain technology on the commodity market, forming a close connection with blockchain communities — Bitcoin, Ethereum, WAVES and others. Bananacoin will create tokens using blockchain (Ethereum), and tokens will be emitted based on the export price of 1 kilogram of bananas.

Bananacoin is blockchain project aiming to achieve a core modification of the global banana production industry, similar to how Uber has revolutionized the taxi industry or how Upwork has brought freelancing to a new level. In short, the initiators of the project create processes in the production of organic bananas through the implementation of an economic element in the seemingly completely understood export relations of the product.Bananacoin is using the proven TGE crowdfunding model, allowing backers to participate in the expansion of production and become holders of Bananacoin tokens (BCO), which can be exchanged after project launch for goods or funds and are expected to more than double in value in 18 months’ time.After the realisation of the project, Bananacoin tokens will be exchangeable for a certain amount of Lady Finger bananas or equivalent monetary compensation. Because the token is backed by the market value of 1 kilogram of bananas, participants can be certain of the success of the project, as the demand for bananas is constant. Furthermore, Lady Finger bananas are considered to be among the best banana varieties, and the environmentally friendly technologies used in our project ensure that the good will remain an attractive participation and that its price will grow constantly.

The initiator-company of the project has successfully set up a production cycle for bananas on an area of 100 hectares. The Bananacoin Project team consists of like-minded people with outstanding experience in successful business development.Our company has well-established connections in all business fields, from production to sales. We are ready to answer queries and discuss current work

Tokens are interated into tokenized wallets, will be utilized on stock markets, and will eventually be able to be integrated with existing stores. Emission of Bananacoin tokens is done on the Ethereum blockchain, which is among the most stable on the market today. Bananacoin is being developed as an easy to use token with an understandable fiat equivalent (in the form of 1 kg of bananas). It does not require specialized knowledge in cryptography or blockchain technology. Tokens based on commodity value are pegged to the market value of bananas. Over the past 7 years, the price of 1 kg of bananas has increased by 4-10% annually (see Diagram). Therefore, tokens are well protected against inflation in comparison with fiat currencies, and they demonstrate extremely low historical volatility. Use of blockchain technology ensures increased transparency. Eventually this will translate into money transfers being documented and participants having access to information on crops growth and harvest, the volume of the harvest and its subsequent sale on the market. Tokens based on commodity value are not dependent on banks or financial institutions, instead being directly tied to the productivity of the company and its export activity.

Bananacoin is a participant-oriented project, aiming to make a profitable purchase of a future product based on blockchain technology that revolutionizes the production of bananas. This project is based on TGE crowdfunding and involves attracting funds through the sale of Bananacoin tokens, which are backed by the commodity value of 1 kg of bananas produced by the company.The initiators of the project and the project team believe that current economic realities and the advantages of blockchain technology can create new currencies based on commodity value as a foundation for the real economy sector.

