 V0.3The CoinDash TeamCOINDASH.IO CONTACT@COINDASH.IO
  AbstractAs the blockchain industry expands and the number and value of crypto assets increase, the market for crypto-investing and speculation will also grow. Crypto markets are borderless, open 24/7, subject to minimal regulatory control, and offer huge potentials for growth. Because of these characteristics, crypto markets represent an incredible, new opportunity for investors over traditional markets.Currently, the crypto-investment market is primed to attract new investors into the blockchain industry. However, the learning curve for investing in crypto assets is extremely steep and the marketplace lacks sophisticated tools and information products that will encourage new users to make the jump into the crypto community.CoinDash is an operating system for crypto assets.Our goal is to lower the barriers of entry to crypto investment markets by providing tools and services that make interacting, handling and trading crypto assets accessible to everyone. CoinDash will offer its products through a unified platform designed with the mainstream user in mind. 1 
  Introduction 3Opportunity 5 Market Analysis 5 Initial-Coin-Offering (ICO): a new funding paradigm 6Recent ICOs 7Target Users 8CoinDash Ecosystem 10 Structure 10 Overview 10 CoinDash - Market Network 11 Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) 11 Network (Social) 11 Signal-Trading 12 Copy-Trading 12 Marketplace 13 Trading signals 13 ICO dashboard 14 Trending assets 14 3rd party integration 14 Blockchain Supported 14   Developers Road-Map CoinDash Token15 16 18  2 
  IntroductionOne of most potentially transformative use-cases for blockchain technology is the ability to create new crypto assets. Such assets are increasingly becoming an alternative to traditional capital markets because they enable new models of participation, are borderless, can be traded around the clock, are subject to much less regulation, and are easy to create. The past few years have shown a dramatic increase in trading volume, market capitalization, and the number of projects using crypto tokens.Blockchain technology presents a real challenge and requires a steep learning curve even for experienced blockchain users, let alone from newcomers. Today, many blockchain-based applications are difficult to use. Interacting, managing and investing in crypto assets should be easy and intuitive. Currently, the lack of proper tools create barriers to entry that limit mainstream adoption. 3 
  Coindash  is an operating system for crypto assets, Making handling and trading easy and accessible.CoinDash’s ecosystem includes three synergistic components:SaaSIntelligent tools, like interactive portfolios, are essential to managing crypto assets. CoinDash’s analytics give users deep insight into the performance of their investments and help them make data driven decisions.Social NetworkSocial interactions are a key part of the crypto world. Projects rise and fall by their community and the network they create. CoinDash’s social trading features remove barriers for new and existing crypto users by letting them follow and copy-trade top investors.MarketplaceCoinDash’s marketplace is built around opportunity discovery and streamlined trading UX with features like  real-time social trading signals, an ICO dashboard, trending assets, real-time market price tables and 3rd party integration.       4 
 OpportunityMarket AnalysisCrypto asset investment and speculation is a rapidly growing market.In 2016, trade volume increased by more than 150%  [1]  at the same time that the overall market capitalization of crypto assets  [2]  grew tremendously. While bitcoin represents a large portion of the total market, the value of other crypto assets is significant and on the rise. In recent years bitcoin dropped from 95% of the market capitalization to as low as 75%. All signs indicate that this trend will continue and we will likely see other non-Bitcoin tokens increase their market capitalizations.Crypto assets are an attractive investment opportunity for a number of reasons: Borderless 24/7 trading -  while other markets have set trading hours, crypto assetsare traded around the clock, from places all around the world. Little trading friction -  traditional assets are heavily controlled. Regulations govern asset issuance and exchange, creating enormous barriers to entry for the investor and entrepreneur alike. The result is a closed garden that disproportionately benefits existing institutions and puts retail investors at a disadvantage. Even accountants charged with overseeing them  c  an be corrupted .  Crypto assets on the blockchain offers built-in transparency, are currently less regulated, and issuing and trading are more inclusive and open to anyone. This creates an incredibly competitive market, lower costs and more opportunities for superior returns. How they will be regulated in the future is unclear, but at the moment, there is little friction and the features of blockchain technology suggest that regulation, when it comes, could be lighter than that on traditional capital markets.Easy to issue new assets -  With a few lines of code anyone can issue their own crypto asset and offer it to the world[1]  https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/ [2]    Bitcoin and alt-coins combined      5 
  Initial-Coin-Offering (ICO): a new funding paradigmVenture capital (VC) saw its biggest rise during the 1960s and 1970s when VC funds started focusing on fast growing companies. Those companies were concentrated in the tech sector and promised to lead breakthroughs in electronics, medicine and data processing. As a result, venture capital became synonymous with technology finance, evolving with the needs of the companies and enabling them to grow at astounding rates. One can argue that VCs played a crucial role in the technology revolution.In the blockchain era, traditional venture capitalists are taking a backseat to ICOs. ICOs enable new blockchain start ups to raise seed money by issuing crypto tokens that represent an underlying asset. One such case is the Ethereum blockchain ICO which raised more than $15 million in 2014. ICOs are a new funding model for start ups that is playing an important role in the blockchain industry, the same way VCs played a major role in the technology revolution. 6 
  Recent ICOs2016 saw an enormous increase in ICO activity[  3] :Lisk  - over $5,000,000  [  4]Digix  - $5.5M in under 12 hours  [  5] ICONOMI  - over $10M  [  6]First Blood  - $5.5M in under 20 minutes  [  7] SingularityDTV  - $7.5M in 15 minutes   [8] Golem  - over $8.6M in 30 minutes  [9][3]https://www.smithandcrown.com/icos-crowdsale-history/[4] https://blog.lisk.io/the-lisk-ico-has-now-ended-with-a-total-of-14-009-btc-and-80-million-xcr-exchanged-9 3d6ce84d8fb#.absod7id7[5]https://www.smithandcrown.com/digix-dao-closes-crowdsale-under-day-raises-5-5-million/[6]https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/ethereum-based-iconomi-raises-10-5-million-ico/[7]https://news.bitcoin.com/esports-firstblood-raises-5-5m/[8]https://www.ethnews.com/singulardtv-reaches-ico-cap-in-15-minutes[9] http://www.forbes.com/sites/rogeraitken/2016/11/12/fintech-golems-airbnb-for-computing-crowdsale- scores-8-6m-in-minutes/#2ba8a0e0422a       7 
   Target UsersInterest and media coverage of blockchain technology has been expanding rapidly in the last few years. This increasing awareness of the promise of blockchain technology has greatly expanded the number of people who can be considered potential crypto-users. These are people who are interested in blockchains, but feel intimidated by the high technological barriers of entry typical of most blockchain products.If token creation (and therefore investments) are the most common use-case for blockchain technology, then enabling more and more people to invest in crypto assets is of the highest importance. CoinDash’s investment tools will attract experienced crypto-investors to our platform. At the same time, CoinDash’s social networking tools and information products will lower the barrier to entry for potential users and bring new investment dollars into the blockchain industry.The potential growth for the blockchain space and CoinDash comes from the as-of-yet untapped future blockchain users who are interested in the technology, but currently lack the tools to participate in the blockchain economy. Providing high performance investment tools will encourage more people to enter blockchain markets.8 
  The graph below visually represents the various user groups as discussed above, showing the huge potential to which crypto investments can expand. Hard Core -  users who have their life savings and salary in crypto, invest in many types of investment instruments.Amateurs -  users who have a substantial amount of their savings in crypto. Potential -  users who, with the right accessibility to investment tools, will invest incrypto assets.Non -  users who have a substantial amount of their savings in crypto.    9 
 CoinDash EcosystemStructureOverviewCrypto investments represent a new paradigm in investing and funding ventures. The CoinDash product is an innovative  Market Network[  10] ,  employing the best of marketplaces, social networks, and SaaS[  11]  to address the needs of tomorrow's crypto investors.   10[10] https://techcrunch.com/2015/06/27/from-social-to-market-networks/ [11]  Software-as-a-service 
  CoinDash - Market NetworkSoftware-as-a-Service (SaaS)Investing requires tailored tools to make trades as efficient as possible, represent data accurately, and help the investor make decisions. CoinDash’s SaaS layer includes an array of independent and self-contained tools, custom designed for managing and interacting with crypto assets.Crypto assets are an attractive investment opportunity for a number of reasons:Portfolio Management -  automatically queries added crypto accounts (ethereum, bitcoin, exchanges, etc) to build a complete picture of the portfolio’s performance, risk, and diversification analytics. ICO automation -  enables IF-THEN automations on ICO investments. Example: invest in ICO X if 75% of the cap is raised within the first 24 hours.Trade Automation -  enables IF-THEN automations on trades. Network (Social)Many blockchain investors, and certainly new users, will find it difficult to navigate the complexity of the blockchain space, understand what assets to hold, when to buy, when to sell, and which ICOs are worth participating in. This steep learning curve creates a real barrier of entry for many people interested in investing in the blockchain space.Some crypto investors became leaders in discovering and assessing new investment opportunities. With CoinDash’s social network tools, experienced investors can monetise their knowledge and expertise by sharing their portfolio performance with other users. Expert investors can earn fees and gain influence by accumulating followers on the network.    11 
 Signal TradingSingal trading is a social trading feature which enables users to receive real-time trading signals from top investors. The signals are specific and detail the amount traded, assets, and the exchange or blockchain. Users can then choose to act on the signal or not.  The signals are generated automatically by the portfolio management core which is aware of all the trades followed by the user, guaranteeing validity and transparency.  Signal trading is a good way to get acquainted with market dynamics and learn what the top investors are doing.Example:Fee Structure : The user pays a recurring subscription to get real-time trading signals from a particular investor.Copy-TradingCopy-trading is an automated trade engine based on the signal-trading feature. Users can set aside a portion of their token holdings to copy-trade top investors.  CoinDash and the copied investor never hold any funds in the process.Copy-trading on CoinDash is completely decentralized and governed by a dedicated system of smart contracts. The smart contracts promote security and transparency, enabling developers to enhance the functionality and offering users custom modules (see developers section).This gives the user complete control of their funds. 12 
 Example:ICO copy-trade:A common example for copy-trading will be an ICO. A user follows a top trader who invests in an ethereum (can be any blockchain who supports token creation) based ICO. CoinDash detects the ICO investment and immediately generates a copy-trade request. Once the request is validated by the smart contract, the user participates in the ICO.Exchange copy-trade:The copied user buys Golem(GNT) tokens with ether. The user’s copy-trade smart contract receives a request to send the cheapest exchange account the user holds a predetermined amount of cryptocurrency. Once the request is validated by the smart contract, it sends funds to the exchange. CoinDash sends the exchange, via API, a trade request. Once the trade is executed, CoinDash can automatically send the bought GNT tokens back to the smart contract.  All fund transfers are between user-owned accounts; CoinDash did not hold any funds.MarketplaceCoinDash’s marketplace is built around maximizing opportunity discovery and streamlining trading. Using data generated by the SaaS and network layers, CoinDash will enable users to make trades directly on the platform.Trading signalsUser’s can follow top traders and receive real-time trading signals from them. With the marketplace, the user will be able to act on a signal directly from CoinDash and track its performance seamlessly.  13 
 ICO dashboardKeeping track of ICOs is getting harder and harder as their number and quality keep getting higher and higher. CoinDash integrates with leading research and content creators to bring accurate and reliable information in a graphical ICO dashboard. This enables the user to keep track of past, present and future ICOs and invest in them using CoinDash. CoinDash users will never have to worry about missing a promising ICO ever again.Trending assetsIt's important to get a full overview of the market and the different assets in a clear and precise manner. CoinDash will be a one-stop resource for the information a crypto investor needs to track the performance of all crypto-assets, make informed decisions, and act on market trends.3rd party integrationNew investment channels are being developed all the time. Enabling users to easily interact with investment opportunities and keep track of their performance is important. CoinDash will build a dedicated SDK for developers to integrate 3rd party investment instruments and enable users to invest in them directly from CoinDash.Example:Melonport[  12]  is a project that creates the infrastructure for decentralized funds. Integrating it with CoinDash will enable our users to discover new investment opportunities, invest in them, and track their performance.Blockchain SupportedCoinDash strives to support all smart contract blockchains for social trading features. The current implementations support  ethereum and RSK[12]   https://melonport.com 14 
  DevelopersCoinDash will make tools available for developers to extend functionality and offer greater value to users.SaaS  -   The tools developed by CoinDash for crypto investors under the portfolio management platform will enable module creation for pricing source, trade and transaction history, account types, indexes calculations, and more.Network  - The copy-trade architecture is built around a smart contract system which promotes transparency and extensibility. All plugin modules will enable 3rd party developers the opportunity to create their own implementations.Marketplace  - Enabling 3rd party investment instruments to integrate is necessary to promote a better marketplace for developers and investors. CoinDash will enable 3rd party developers to integrate such tools and expose them to CoinDash users.    15 
  Road-Map 16 
   17 
  CoinDash TokenEvery feature in the CoinDash platform that gives any financial value to its user will require them to pay a fee. Every user who facilitates the use of a feature which in turn gives financial value will be entitled to a payment.This creates a creator-consumer relationship between users in the system; users can be creators and consumers at the same time.CoinDash will launch a token which will be used to pay all fees on the platform. This creates a direct correlation between the success of the platform and the value of the token. The more people who use the platform, the more fees will be paid, the more tokens will be bought--ultimately pushing the price of the token up.18 