Ethfinex Liquidity TokenCreating the worlds most liquid exchange for digital assets. Built for the Ethereum community, using Ethereum.Ethfinex Inc August 2, 2017Value PropositionA new token will act as a loyalty reward for token market makers on the Ethfinex exchange. This will incentivise the creation of the most liq- uid exchange for trading tokens and tethered assets on Ethereum.The loyalty tokens are similar to loyalty points and are earned in pro- portion to users’ volume of trades as market makers. 1 Loyalty tokens will entitle holders to claim rewards from fees generated by Ethfinex, and to participate in future exchange governance. Gradually, as more tokens are earned, the ownership of the exchange will become decentralised, and Ethfinex will be owned by its customers. The loyalty token is referred from here onward as the Nectar token or NEC.Market Makers:Larger customers of the exchange adding liquidity to the market, acting as makers, will earn a stake in the future of the platform. This ensures they benefit from the value they create and have an incentive to continue to market make on Ethfinex. Accordingly they may also be able to have a large influence in future governance and development.Smaller Customers:Customers with lower trade volumes will benefit from the smaller spreads and greater thickness of highly liquid markets, and have the opportunity to obtain loyalty tokens in the platform.Companies and Projects:A new generation of projects are building on Ethereum. Those projects require exchange services between tokens, Ethereum, and traditional fiat money. These projects may interface with the Ethfinex liquidity pool either by means of standard APIs or several decentralised exchange pro- tocols. In doing so they may earn loyalty tokens and become stakeholders in the Ethfinex ecosystem, as well as be involved with its governance.1Makers are users that add liquidity to the market by posting bids and offers, as opposed to those that take liquidity by matching with these bids and offer.1 Draft – For Discussion Purposes Only
1 IntroductionAfter the Bitfinex hack in 2016 [2], when approximately US$72 million in bit- coin was stolen, the need to decentralise funds in the interests of security and customer protection was brought home to all reasonable observers. Significantly more funds were stolen in the security breach than were in active use on the platform at the time.After the security breach, a tradable token—the BFX token—was given, without release or waiver, but subject to conditions on tradeability, to victims to address their losses. The tokens were subordinated, limited-recourse, and contingent liabilities of Bitfinex. The tokens gave holders the opportunity to exchange them at face value for shares of the capital stock of iFinex Inc., to eventually be paid back out of future exchange operating profits at one hun- dred cents on the dollar, or to dispose of them in the market at current market prices. Initially, these traded at a heavy discount, representing customer skep- ticism about whether they would ever be redeemed, given the history of other cryptocurrency exchange security breaches and the magnitude of the Bitfinex hack.When Bitfinex began fully redeeming the BFX tokens for USD and exchang- ing them for equity, confidence returned to the market, as reflected in the mar- ket price of the tokens. Trading volumes on the platform started returning to previous levels. These positive market signals demonstrated the power of decen- tralising ownership to a community of interest through tokens. Many Bitfinex customers and supporters now have a stake in seeing Bitfinex succeed. They therefore have an additional incentive to trade on the platform. The benefits for any platform dependent on network effects—as are all exchanges that rely on liquidity—are clear.Bitfinex has now spun off the Ethfinex team. Ethfinex’s vision is to create the world’s most customer-centric and liquid digital asset exchange platform. Ethfinex will build on the decentralisation lessons of Bitfinex to create its own liquidity incentive token on Ethereum, and will pioneer a hybrid decentralised exchange model. This platform will not only be for or used by the Ethereum community. It will be of the Ethereum community: creating, using, and con- tributing back smart contract code and tools.The Ethfinex team has the necessary industry expertise and existing de- velopment experience. Having learned the lessons of Bitfinex, we anticipate delivering the first phase of Ethfinex in months not years. We are committed to ensuring that the platform will have the most liquid market anywhere. Ethfinex already has a successful trading engine and tools, and over four years of expe- rience in the digital token space. Like Bitfinex, Ethfinex will provide the most user–friendly experience in the marketplace.3Draft – For Discussion Purposes Only
1.1 Team and HistoryEthfinex is being built by a team with a history of innovation in the public blockchain space.Bitfinex (https://bitfinex.com) was started in 2013. It is one of the most advanced digital token exchanges, and is the largest exchange by volume for Bitcoin against the US Dollar. In addition to providing a suite of order types to help customers optimise their trading strategies, Bitfinex also provides a peer- to-peer financing market for financed trading. Bitfinex’s strategy focuses on providing unparalleled support and tools for professional traders.Tether ( https://tether.to ) provides tokenised traditional currencies on block-chain technology. Tether was originally built on the bitcoin blockchain using Omni, but now also offers Ethereum-compatible tokens. Tether will pro- vide some of the key infrastructure for Ethfinex and decentralised exchange protocols.2 A New Vision: EthfinexEthfinex will build a community hub for developers, traders, and enthusiasts. It will enable discussion, study, and trading in the Ethereum ecosystem. Tradi- tional centralised exchanges sit on a layer apart from blockchains, but Ethfinex will reflect the nature of the Ethereum ecosystem itself, building smart con- tracts and decentralisation increasingly into everything it does. Our vision is to steadily move towards a completely decentralised platform, and to provide tools and modules that will interact with and contribute to smart contract de- velopment and projects.The number of tokens and assets being tokenised on top of the Ethereum platform is growing fast, and they are proving themselves to represent a dis- ruptive revolution to traditional business models. Alongside this growth is a demand to be able to be able to trade these tokens and contribute to new projects. The core value of these tokens is the communities built around them. However, high quality information and discussion about these communities and token projects can be difficult to find. Ethfinex’s vision is to create a community, resource, and information hub with a user reputation system, and simultane- ously provide the most advanced, highly liquid, and secure exchange trading platform available.There has been a flurry of new projects aiming to deliver ’decentralised’ exchanges. In this context the primary use of the term ’decentralised’ usually refers to a platform not requiring central custody of funds or the trust of a third party in arbitrating trades and disputes. Ethfinex also subscribes to this vision4Draft – For Discussion Purposes Only
of the future. However, we recognize that there will be several intermediate steps on the way to full decentralisation. We cannot do this alone, and Ethfinex will contribute to and collaborate with other decentralised exchange protocols, e.g. 0xProtocol [1], as appropriate.To accelerate development of trustless exchange, Ethfinex will therefore pi- oneer a hybrid decentralised model for exchange. We aim to provide an ex- perimentation zone where decentralised exchange protocols can learn, test, and receive feedback, and grow from Ethfinex’s pool of liquidity. This approach gives Ethfinex the flexibility to be agnostic of technology and experiment with new models of decentralised exchange as they emerge and integrate them into the platform.2.1 Decentralised Exchange ChallengesCurrent approaches to exchange settlement and order matching on blockchain have several challenges to overcome:• latency of on-chain orderbook• prevention of front-running• expense of on-chain transactions • current scalability limitationsIn addition to these basic challenges, the speed and complexity requirements of the most sophisticated trading customers mean that practical implementa- tion of fully decentralised matching and settlement on-chain still requires fur- ther development. Margin trading, involving a peer-to-peer financing market on blockchain, is a further challenge that is as yet unsolved, but is essential to attaining large scale and liquidity.For some aspects of exchange platforms such as storing order books, it canbe unnecessary, inefficient, and expensive to use a blockchain, and it should notbe treated as one-size-fits-all solution. There are alternative ways to attain the benefits of decentralisation such as additional security and resistance to DDoS attack. For example our team has developed a microservice architecture called Grenache. This splits the platform into many microservices that use distributed hashtables for peer-to-peer service discovery. https://github.com/bitfinexcom/grenache2.2 The Hybrid Blockchain Exchange ModelThe Ethfinex Hybrid Exchange Model will implement blockchain solutions where they offer the best solutions, as and when these are scalable and mature. The5Draft – For Discussion Purposes Only
first major area where this is desirable and possible is for on-chain trade settle- ment without custody of funds.Figure 1 shows a simplified architecture of decentralised exchange protocols and how they allow their users to trade with Ethfinex users. Ethfinex will provide a generalised set of APIs and contracts through which other protocols can interface with Ethfinex. As the field of on-chain exchange matures, Ethfinex will be able to provide a zone for experimentation, allowing new protocols to access Ethfinex user’s large liquidity pool and trading opportunities. This will accelerate the learning process for new decentralised exchange projects and lead to the development of optimal decentralized exchange tools and protocols. Figure 1: Simplified hybrid architecture overview. Blue arrows represent infor- mation only flows. Black arrows represent on-chain transactions sending funds.6Draft – For Discussion Purposes Only
31.2.3.4.Traditional users who value the high speed, financed trading capabilities, sophisticated features, and user experience of a centralised exchange con- tinue to use Ethfinex in the way that they currently use other centralised exchanges, but will benefit from the additional liquidity provided by de- centralised users.The standardised set of APIs and contracts provide an interface which then allow any decentralised exchange protocol to trade with the Ethfinex order book and with each other.The Nectar token is integrated into this abstraction layer, incentivising on-chain liquidity providers who trade with Ethfinex by rewarding them with loyalty tokens.Decentralised exchange users can trade with a large liquidity provider, without creating accounts at Ethfinex or trusting a third party with cus- tody of their funds. Ethfinex therefore leverages its liquidity to act as a market makers for these users, as well as for Ethereum-based projects with requirements for on-chain exchange settlement.Nectar TokenThe Nectar token (NEC) will be at the heart of the trading platform. It will be compatible with the Ethereum ERC20 standard [4]: this is required to link the Nectar token to any decentralised exchange protocols which interface with Ethfinex, and therefore reward their users for the liquidity they add.The purpose of NEC is to reward market-making on Ethfinex. It is not to raise funds, or to fund or fuel crowdsales. Decentralizing an exchange means, in the long term, decentralizing its ownership. Having a network of users that own the exchange will incentivize its owners to remain loyal users. This will benefit all users, as it will foster liquidity and keep the market efficient.3.1 Basic FunctionalityThe primary purpose of the Nectar token is to reward market makers thus en- couraging them to provide thick order books and minimum spreads on every trading pair.This will be achieved through the following mechanism:- Market makers trade throughout the month on the platform.- 50% of total trading fees paid by the maker and the taker are directed into a smart contract- At the end of the month the NECs are issued, and distributed to market mak- ers in proportion to the total trading volume they conducted as a maker during that month.7Draft – For Discussion Purposes Only
- A redeem mechanism will allow holders of the token to claim a reward at any time, using up their tokens (i.e. a user who holds 5% of tokens issued would be entitled to claim up to 5% of the reward held in the contract)- If the market maker wishes, rather than redeem the tokens instantly they can then choose either to hold their tokens longer term, or to sell them to another market maker.The token generation event occurs every 28 days, and NECs are issued to the market makers who traded during that period. This means that in the case where no redeeming of tokens occurs, the total supply always grows each month. Ethfinex itself has an initial supply of tokens which does not grow, and therefore its percentage ownership falls over time as new tokens are created. Details of the implications of this model are explored later on under section 4.3.2 GovernanceThe owners of the token will also be able to advise on governance of the to- ken and related aspects of the platform. This governance mechanism will be particularly important in ensuring the details and implementation of the token can be refined after its launch. Defining the perfect liquidity incentivisation mechanism will be impossible without testing and feedback in real markets, and the governance will complete the loop in allowing improvements to take place.Initially Ethfinex will retain the majority of the NECs, in order to be able to refine the reward and issuance mechanism. However over time as more of the ownership becomes decentralised to users, the governance model will allow large token holders, or coalitions of smaller token holders, to elect representatives who will sit on an advisory board.Any individual or party owning 5% or greater of NECs will be entitled to a elect a board member.3.3 Legal ConsiderationsNECs are part of a loyalty points scheme, where market makers receive tokens for free, without release or waiver, in proportion to the volume of trades where they act as a market maker. These tokens can be redeemed for rewards from the Nectar token smart contract at a later date. NECs are not securities.The tokens can only be earned and held by members who have registered with the Ethfinex market maker loyalty scheme. Restricting token ownership to members of the loyalty scheme will be achieved both off and on blockchain, through whitelisted Ethereum addresses or other means. All members are sub- ject to full verification by Ethfinex. Exchanging NECs will not be possible except with other registered members of the Ethfinex loyalty scheme. U.S. Persons, as defined in Bitfinex’s terms of service, may not be members of the8Draft – For Discussion Purposes Only
loyalty programme, may not receive NECs, and may not, therefore, trade in the Ethfinex market for NECs. Any trade outside of the NEC market on Ethfinex is void..The tokens are not sold by Ethfinex. They are given for free as rewards to users registered with the market maker reward scheme.4 Token Economic ModelFurther details about the economic functionality of the token are explored, as well as details of the operations and issuance.T0 , initial number of tokens in existence (all owned by Ethfinex)T , total supply of tokensFT , total number of fees collected by the Liquidity Token smart contract VA , trading volume of a specific maker A over a month periodVT , total trading volume of all makers over a month periodN , total new tokens created each monthNA , new tokens earned by maker A 4.1 IssuanceThe issuance of newly earned tokens happens to users on 28 day cycles accord- ing to the following equations:N = 0.001V T (1) T (T0 +FT)NA = N VA (2) VTEquation 1 makes the number of tokens created each period, N, a function of the total fees collected by the platform so far, FT . It also relates the tokens earned, NA to the total fees paid by the maker over the previous 28 day period, 0.001VA. This design insures that at the time of issuance the value of the NECs issued (if redeemed instantly to retrieve associated fees) is always less than the fees paid by the maker. This prevents manipulation of the system where users could earn tokens through high volumes of unprofitable trading in order to ex- tract the collected platform fees via the redeem mechanism.9  Draft – For Discussion Purposes Only
4.1.1 Fee ScheduleMaker: fees are paid at the point of execution when user adds liquidity to the order book by placing a limit order under the ticker price for buy and above the ticker price for sell.Taker: fees are paid when user removes liquidity from the order book by placing any order that is executed against an order of the order book.50% of all the fees collected from trading on Ethfinex are paid into the NEC smart contracts where they part of the reward scheme for Nectar token holders. N.B. the constant factor 0.001 applied in Equation 1 is to account for this 0.10% maker fee, and ensure the value of the rebate is proportional to fees paid while acting as market maker.4.1.2 Total SupplyBased on the issuance equations an example token supply growth chart is shown in Figure 2. This was modelled assuming constant monthly trading volume, VT , but varying this will lead to significantly different total issuance and profile. It was also based on an initial token supply, T0 = 100, 000 (see Equation 1).Due to total supply growth, market makers who wish to maintain their per- centage stake in the Ethfinex platform must continue to add liquidity to the market to be rewarded with NEC each month.Ethfinex’s percentage ownership of the loyalty points is also modelled in Figure 3 and will fall relative to the total as the supply increases.    28 Day Trading Volume (ETH equivalent)Maker Fee  Taker Fee   0.00 or more traded 1000.00 or more traded 2000.00 or more traded 5000.00 or more traded 10000.00 or more traded 100000.00 or more traded               0.10%0.10% - NEC reward 0.10% - NEC reward 0.10% - NEC reward 0.10% - NEC reward 0.10% - NEC reward  0.20% 0.20% 0.20% 0.18% 0.16% 0.10%            10Draft – For Discussion Purposes Only
 Figure 2: Total supply growth over time Figure 3: Ownership over time4.2 Token Redeem MechanismThe redeem mechanism allows a token holder to destroy their tokens, reducing the total supply, and in return claiming a reward from the Nectar token smart11Draft – For Discussion Purposes Only
contract which holds fees generated by the platform.Given an expectation of continued operations, the redeem mechanism would be unlikely to be used, given that the price of NEC on a secondary market may be a multiple of their underlying reward value.However in the case where Ethfinex were to stop operating, the redeem mechanism would become the mechanism for retrieving these funds from the NEC contracts.4.3 Market Price DynamicsThe major concern for this model are the effects which secondary market price will play on the market maker incentivisation scheme. This is challenging to model given that it depends on the behaviour of the different entities in the market.In the case where market value of NEC grows such that the value of tokens earned through each trade is greater than the maker fee paid, this could cause unintended consequences: for instance it could encourage market makers to of- fer unprofitable trades in illiquid markets to earn more tokens. On one hand this would be positive in narrowing spreads in those markets for other users (particularly if several market makers are competing to earn the NEC tokens), but could also lead to a form of price manipulation.These dynamics must be observed in practice, and it is likely the initial model will then need iteration. For this reason a governance process for adjustments to the token issuance equation, fee schedule, and other aspects of the platform will be essential.5 Timeline and JourneyStep 1: Initial Launch• Building on Bitfinex’s best in house trading platform to create an initially mainly centralised exchange platform for ethereum-based tokens, including fiat and btc tethers.• Ensures high liquidity and transaction speed and scalability from the start.• ICO and token community discussion platforms and investment hub.• Grenache, in house protocol built by Bitfinex will mean decentralised mi- croservice architecture.• Nectar token creation, initially mainly owned by Ethfinex but increasingly decentralised ownership, with rewards held in token smart contract.12Draft – For Discussion Purposes Only
• Integration of several projects in the Ethereum ecosystem (i.e. Ethereum Name Service integration)[3]Step 2: Hybrid Decentralised Exchange• Increasing addition of new api and smart contract tools focused towards projects in the Ethereum ecosystem, and provide oracle functionality for smart contracts: for example providing modules for Melonport.• Funds have the option of being held decentralised in user’s own Ethereum wallets until point of execution of trades.• Planned further integration with other potential partners in the Ethereum ecosystem. There are several planned partnerships in motion, including Ethereum-based fiat tokens with Tether.to , and these will be announced when the integration details are fixed.• Integration of 0x protocol and several other decentralised exchange pro- tocols, to allow them to interface and trade with Ethfinex user’s liquidity.• Nectar token governance advisory board set up as customer ownership increases.Step 3: Evolution6••As Ethereum matures and becomes more scalable, with proof of stake, sharding and raiden all in the pipeline, and as other technologies emerge, the platform will transition to full decentralisation of funds, with no re- quirements for funds to be in the custody of Ethfinex.Ethfinex via the Nectar token will become the community owned hub for token trading in the Ethereum ecosystem, with the highest liquidity, most advanced trading tools, and offering the best user experience.Get InvolvedThe Nectar token implementation details in this paper are still subject to further change as we execute on our vision. Feedback, reviews, and improvements are therefore extremely welcome, and can be directed to whitepaper@ethfinex.com or submitted for community review in the /r/ethfinex reddit channel.If you might be a potential partner please get in contact at partners@ethfinex.com to discuss how we could work together.We are a fast-moving, dynamic team, and are actively looking for talented individuals to join us. Please email careers@ethfinex to apply if you are as pas- sionate about Ethereum based tokens and the communities around them as we are.13Draft – For Discussion Purposes Only
