Self-Aware Agent-Supported Contract
Management on Blockchains for Legal
Accountability
Alex Norta1,2 , Anton Vedeshin1 , Hando Rand1 , Simon Tobies2 , Addi Rull1,2 ,
Margus Poola1,2 , Teddi Rull1
1

2

Agrello OU
Parnu mnt. 548-15, 10916 Tallinn, Estonia
hando@agrello.org,addi@agrello.org
Large-Scale Systems Group, Tallinn University of Technology,
Akadeemia tee 15A, 12816 Tallinn, Estonia
alex.norta.phd@ieee.org

Abstract. This whitepaper addresses existing problems with conventional non-machine readable contracts. Such conventional contracts (CC)
are complicated to set up, disconnected from ICT-systems and when conflicts occur, tracking their execution is restrictively slow and in addition,
CCs are challenging to enforce. On the other hand, so called self-aware
contracts (SAC) that are similar to CCs with respect to legal enforceability, are machine readable and supportable by blockchain-technology.
SACs do not require qualitative trust between contracting parties because blockchains establish instead a quantitative notion of trust as
SAC-related events are immutably stored. However, currently existing
machine-readable contract solutions, i.e., smart contracts, lack suitable
obligation constructs for execution and enforcement. Additionally, current systems do not comprehend the dynamics of legal relationships. It
is important to mask legal obligations with daily human conduct. This
whitepaper address the gap by specifying a so-called Agrello-framework
that enables blockchain-driven self-aware agents-assisted contracts for a
decentralized peer-to-peer (P2P) economy.
Key words: self aware, multi agent, blockchain, smart contract, decentralized, per-to-peer, e-governance, human readable

1 Introduction
The traditional understanding of a conventional contract (CC) is an exchange
of commitments by identified parties that are enforceable by law. An important
prerequisite for a contract that most commonly exists as a written document as
evidence, is that the parties involved voluntarily engage to establish a consensus
[19]. In most business cases, CCs are documents [44] that identify the contracting
parties uniquely and state explicitly the commitments of the latter. When those
commitments are performed, their status changes over time. Another problem

2

Alex Norta

with the traditional form of setting up and managing CCs is that they are
often underspecified and the ability to manually track their status is restricted.
As there is no concrete overview of the CC-status, the contractual relationship
between parties is prone to conflict. The resulting costly conflict resolutions may
even collapse an entire contractual relationship. Also the enforcement of CCs [29]
proves to be either too complicated, time consuming, or impossible, certainly in
international circumstances.
The authors in [20] recognize that shared blockchain technology enables business collaborations that require high-reliability and shared, trusted, privacypreserving, immutable data repositories for smart contracts. So-called business
artifacts for adopting data-aware processes provide a basis on shared blockchains
that enable business-collaboration languages such a Solidity [25] of Ethereum.
In [52], the authors map a running case of a collaborative process onto a smartcontract scripting language. That approach addresses the trust-issue in collaborative processes in that no single third-party entity must monitor events. Instead,
the blockchain enables trustless process collaboration because of no single entity
being in control. The mapping from collaborative processes to blockchains enables the monitoring of process enactment and an auditing of related events. In
[21], different smart-contract language choices are compared. While procedural
languages are currently the norm[25], also logic-based languages are alternatives.
The state of the art above shows that partial smart-contract approaches exist
for blockchain technology. However, there is a lack of a framework moving smarttowards self-aware contracts (SAC) where the latter have the ability to gather
information about their internal and external-contextual state and progress to
reason about their behavior while being an artifact of law. Furthermore, the
state of the art above also does not recognize that such SACs must cater for
having humans in the contract loop. This paper fills the gap by posing the
question how to make self-aware human-readable contracts legally viable? To
reduce complexity and establish a separation of concerns, we deduce three further
sub-questions as follows. What enables contracts to be self aware? What enables
SACs to be human manageable? What ensures contract immutability for legal
viability?
The remainder of this whitepaper is structured as follows. Section 2 presents
a running case for SAC management along with related literature that prepares for subsequent sections. Section 3 focuses on the important relationship
in SACs between essential content and the mapping to business processes that
require monitoring. Section 4 discusses the meaningful integration of humans in
the SAC lifecycle. Section 5 explores which pre-existing blockchain-technology
solutions can be combined in a suitable way for achieving a trustable management of contract elements. Section 6 evaluates the results against the running
case, employing a proof-of-concept prototype. Finally, Section 7 concludes the
whitepaper and also comprises plans for future work.

Self-Aware Contracts

3

2 Background Literature and Running Case
In section 2.1 we present related literature that prepares the reader for subsequent sections. Section 2.2 contains a running contract case that stems from
real-life apartment-renting contracts. Note that we use the terms beneficiary for
creditor and obligor for debtor.
2.1 Related Work
Scholarly literature about SACs exists. In [2], the core elements of legislation are
addressed, including duties and obligations that share intersecting properties.
The characteristic of a duty is the absence of a benefiting party (beneficiary),
while the performance of an obligation serves a beneficial result for a determined
beneficiary. The focus of the whitepaper is on obligations the properties of which
Figure 1 informally depicts.

Fig. 1. Informal properties of an obligation.

The properties in Figure 1 show a micro-process for obligations development
using the business-process modeling notation BPMN [28]. The small green-lined
circle denotes the start of the process and the red-lined circle the end. Rectangles
in Figure 1 are tasks and x-labeled diamonds denote an exclusive-choice split
and -join respectively. Directed arcs connect the nodes along a control flow from
start to end. Figure 1 shows that obligations exist to either do something or to
refrain from something. Further details about these so-called smart obligations
are presented in Section 3.

Fig. 2. Right-development micro-lifecycle.

4

Alex Norta

In contract law, rights and obligations are related so that if one party to
the contract decides to use his right, there is a corresponding obligation on the
other party. Rights that stem from the contract are reflected in obligations of
the other party. Figure 2 depicts a micro-lifecycle of rights specifications. After
determining the beneficiary of a right, there can either be a right to claim, or a
right to do something that pertains to an action type and object. Finally, the
obligors must be determined who enable a right. For example, the lessee has a
payment obligation in a rental contract. In case of a late payment, the lessor has
the right to claim late-payment charges. After invoking that right, the lessee has
an obligation to pay.
Orchestration and choreography protocols that facilitate, verify and enact
agreements between consenting parties are termed smart contracts [23, 40, 45].
The latter initially find application in diverse domains such as financial technology [10], Internet-of-Things (IoT) applications [42] and digital-signing solutions [14]. An essential aspect of smart contracts is a decentralized validation of
transactions, initially by means of so-called proof-of-work (PoW) [51]. The core
technology that enables smart contracts is a public distributed ledger termed
the blockchain that records transaction events without requiring a trusted central authority. Blockchain technology spreads in popularity with the inception
of Bitcoin [31], a peer-to-peer (P2P) cryptocurrency and payment system that
comprises a limited set of operations on the protocol layer. Bitcoins use PoW
for transaction validation that is computationally expensive and electricity intensive.
Most proof-of-stake (PoS) blockchains can source their heritage back to PeerCoin1 that is based on an earlier version of Bitcoin Core. There are different PoW
algorithms such as Scrypt2 , X113 , Groestl4 , Equihash [6], etc. The purpose of
launching a new algorithm is to prevent the accumulation of computing power
by one entity and ensure that Application Specific Integrated Circuits (ASIC)
can not be introduced into the economy.
There are ongoing discussions about consensus and which platform meets
the needs of respective project requirements. The consensus topics most widely
discussed are: PoW [50], PoS [5], Dynamic PoS5 , and Byzantine Fault Tolerance
[12] as discussed by HyperLedger. The nature of consensus is about achieving
data consistency with distributed algorithms. Available options are, e.g., the
Fischer Lynch and Paterson theorem [7] that states consensus cannot be reached
without 100% agreement amongst nodes.
In the UTXO model, transactions use as input unspent Bitcoins that are
destroyed and as transaction outputs, new UTXOs are created. Unspent transaction outputs are created as change and returned to the spender [1]. In this way,
a certain volume of Bitcoins is transferred among different private key owners
1
2
3
4
5

https://peercoin.net/
https://litecoin.info/Scrypt
http://cryptorials.io/glossary/x11/
http://www.groestlcoin.org/about-groestlcoin/
http://tinyurl.com/zxgayfr

Self-Aware Contracts

5

and new UTXOs are spent and created in the transaction chain. The UTXO of a
Bitcoin transaction is unlocked by the private key that is used to sign a modified
version of a transaction. In the Bitcoin network, miners generate Bitcoins with a
process called a coinbase transaction, which does not contain any inputs. Bitcoin
uses a scripting language for transactions with a limited set of operations6 . In
the Bitcoin network, the scripting system processes data by stacks (Main Stack
and Alt Stack), which is an abstract data type following the LIFO principle of
Last-In, First-Out.
In [39], the authors define an ontology that allows for a rapid validation of
the concepts and properties existing contracting languages comprise7 . A stateof-the-art formalization means of ontologies is to use the web ontology language
OWL [27]. The latter organizes class hierarchies and allows practitioners to find
a common semantical understanding about a problem domain. Note that ontologies represent constantly evolving information on the Internet originating from
heterogeneous data sources.
The obligation ontology for this paper we design with the Protege tool [30]
that is a free, open source ontology editor for systematic knowledge acquisition.
Protege comprises a graphic user interface with plugins for varying ontology visualizations and correctness checks. We employ the HermiT reasoner [18] to check
the ontology consistency, identify subsumption relationships between classes, and
so on.
Since the obligation ontology is static, we employ Coloured Petri Nets (CPN)
[22] as a graphical oriented language for covering the dynamic aspects of obligation processing using CPNTools8 . Informally, the CPN-notation comprises
states, denoted as circles, transitions, denoted as rectangles, arcs that connect
states and transitions but never states with other states or transitions with other
transitions, and tokens with color, i.e., attributes with values. Arcs carry inscriptions in CPN-ML expressions that evaluate to a multiset or a single element.
Modules in CPN are non-atomic place-holder nodes for hierarchic refinements
that correspond to respective services in a system-implementation.
The holistic lifecycle management of SACs is relevant and has been ignored
so far by industry practitioners. Consequently, in [34], the startup phase commences with choosing from a library a contract template where the latter is
configured with service types and roles. Concrete service offers from tentative
eCommunity partners populate the service offers and roles before a negotiation
phase either results in a terminating dissent of only one party, or a counteroffer
that requires a restart of the negotiation, or a consent that establishes a contract. The next phase of the lifecycle [35] involves creating local contract copies
for each eCommunity partner. The local contract copies are the means for deducing respective sets of business policies, network monitors, monitoring agents
and communication endpoints of concrete technical services for the enactment
phase. The latter [41] is carried out in a distributed way and when a violation
6
7
8

https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Script
https://steemit.com/smart/@alexbafana/smart-contract-languages-comparison
http://cpntools.org/

6

Alex Norta

of a business policy occurs, the non-violating eCommunity parties must vote on
the perceived severity. The outcome options are either calming for the ongoing contract enactment, or disruptive. The former maintain the enactment and
comprises voting outcomes, such as ignoring a violation, or replacements of a
business rules, service offers, an eCommunity party with a new one, and so on.
Calming reactions require to varying degrees a destruction of flowing business
semantics for rolling back the remaining subset to earlier contract-lifecycle stages
in a targeted way. A disruptive voting outcome leads to a sudden termination of
an ongoing enactment as the business-rule violation is perceived as too severe.
The rollback results in a new negotiation for starting another contract, unless
the business case seizes to exist.
The potential conflicts that occur between decentralized autonomous agents
(DAO), require specific modeling, management and resolution [32]. The management works as such that first, a conflict is detected by analyzing the exceptions
reported during execution. Second,the conflict type, origin and impact of an exception must be uncovered. Finally, depending on the nature of an exception, the
appropriate conflict negotiation and resolution strategy among the participating entities is implemented. An ontology enables modeling conflict types along
with related exceptions, negotiation and resolution strategies, thereby enabling
conflict management and resolution.
Ongoing contract enactments may also evolve [16] in an orderly way. In that
case, the assumption is that a collaborating party modifies an internal technical
process that matches with an externally exposed service offer. The latter is a
subset of the internal process so that business secrets remain private. Based on
a set of rules, such internal process changes may trigger varying changes of a
process view that may cross over into the domain of collaborating parties to the
degree of affecting other eCommunity-party internal processes. The objective is
to assure that a collaboration configuration remains sound in that the enactment
of a contract reaches the desired terminal state.
Finally, there is a clear need to bring different solutions from different technology and application domains together for a holistic design of cyberpysical systems
(CPS) [43]. CPS integrates computational and physical capabilities that allow
for interaction with humans through diverse means [3]. Such novel interaction
ways expand the capabilities of humans in correlation with the physical world
through computation, communication, and control as a key attraction feature of
CPS. For example, in domains in the design and development of next-generation
avionics and vehicles, smart cities, Industry 4.0, and so on. The flexible and
scalable governance of CPS raises the need for employing SACs where smart
contracts are combined with smart objects such as Belief-Desire-Intention (BDI)
agents [8].
Jason9 is a platform for the development of BDI-agent systems that incorporates a reasoning cycle for interpreting and executing source code in the agentoriented programming language AgentSpeak. The latter stems from logics programming and allows for knowledge presentation in mathematical relations.
9

http://jason.sourceforge.net/wp/

Self-Aware Contracts

7

2.2 Running case
A user story depicted in Figure 3 describes a process of making a rental agreement based on activities of a lessor and a lessee. Lessor is a person who is a
property owner or a person who represents a property owner and has a right
to make a rental agreement on behalf of an owner. We call him John. Property
in this use case scenario is what in legal terms is called an immovable, i.e., a
plot of land and anything permanently attached to the plot of land, such as a
house, an apartment, a condo or some other type of premises such as a garage,
a parking lot, a shed, i.e., it is a space that can be rented out. Property can also
be movable in legal terms such as, e.g., a trailer, or a tool. Lessee is a person
who is looking for property to rent for a long or a short period of time. We call
her Mary.

deposit
act 2
act 1

John

Mary

Mary

John

deposit
rent
(a) contract initiation

timeline
(b) contract expiry & termination

Fig. 3. The informal exchange protocol for (a) the contract initiation and (b) for
contract expiry and -termination. For (a), the lessee pays a deposit to the lessor and
next both sign a rent contract (act 1). The apartment keys are handed over to the
lessee for moving into the apartment, for which the lessee pays monthly rent. For (b),
a possession-retrieval act (act 2) is signed that may state the apartment is in the same
condition as for (a), the apartment keys are handed back to the lessor, the lessee moves
out and finally, the lessor pays back the deposit.

The lifecycle of a rental contract is divided into the following stages/phases:
a) preparatory, b) negotiations, c) contract execution e) rollback and e) a contract expiry stage. Following Figure 3, the preparation phase of a rental contract
is triggered upon a request from Mary who is looking, for example, for a suitable
apartment for the period of 12 months. At this stage, certain standard requirements of the contract have to be determined before John and Mary can proceed
to negotiate terms of the contract. Mary needs information about the owner of
the property and the apartment as John needs information about Mary. Johns
and Marys names, personal identification codes, addresses (data of the parties)

8

Alex Norta

must be included in the contract. The apartment has to be specified so that
its condition and status becomes colloquially apparent and formally defined for
John and Mary. The object of the contract is defined by characteristics of the
apartment such as location (address), size (square meters), intended purpose,
e.g., for living, storing, work and for instance whether a parking space or a
storage room outside this apartment is included.
Traditionally, Mary looks for information about apartments for rent from the
Internet, or she employs a real estate agent to negotiate terms of the contract
with John. This means she must spend time to look for information, make calls
and visits to find a suitable apartment to rent. A real estate agent would charge
a fee for his services.
The Agrello system provides an innovative approach. During the negotiation
phase, John has predefined essential terms of the contract (characteristics of the
rental object, time, price and rating of the lessee) and based on this information
he looks for the best match of a rental request. In the Agrello system, contract
conclusion between John and Mary is possible when a match occurs. If Mary
declines the offer, she indicates which factors she does consent with. Based on
this information John modifies the search criteria for a better match with the
modified requirements. The conclusion of the contract means that both parties
to the contract have expressed their will to conclude it, i.e., all parties have
signed it. This cannot be altered by any third party.
The contract execution phase begins with the documentation of the condition of the apartment. Traditionally, this refers to a possession transfer act that
includes information about the condition of the apartment, the recorded state of
utilities (water, electricity, heating) and the number of keys given to the lessee.
John must hand over the keys and Mary must pay the deposit for the apartment. After that, Mary is obliged to pay the monthly rent on time and to keep
the apartment in a good condition. If Mary fails to perform her monthly rent
payment then John has the right to claim a late payment charge. A rollback
situation occurs if, e.g., John can not provide the apartment any more, then
John must return the rent that Mary has payed up front.
The contract terminates if the expiry date of the contract arrives, or if the
contract is prematurely terminated. Consequently, the apartment is transferred
back to John. During the contract expiry phase, John expects that the condition
of the apartment is the same upon return as at the point of initial transferral to
Mary. The property-transfer procedure is similar to the description above and
the status of utilities must be recorded.

3 Self-Awareness of Contracts
The current smart-contract lingua franca is Solidity. It embodies a programming
language that industry practitioners without IT-skills do not comprehend, e.g.
lawyers. Therefore, it is not possible to defend such contracts in front of an
independent arbitrator due to a lack of suitability, utility and expressiveness in

Self-Aware Contracts

9

a legal context. For example, Solidity does not comprise language constructs that
resemble obligations and rights pertaining to the parties of a contract.
The purpose of CCs is to establish relationships and to govern the behavior
of contracting people, which requires sound constructs of obligations and rights.
With the emergence of CPS, smart contracts require the capability of reasoning
about rights and obligations, which the involvement of BDI-agents enables. Thus
we yield thereby SACs with scalable socio-technical application scenarios where
humans use technology for solving problems collaboratively. In CCs, a lawyer has
to look at a contract to check if a deadline was missed, or an obligation breached.
Self-awareness in this sense means that both entities, the CC and lawyer, merge
into one artifact being a software agent that comprises contract logics in the
form of machine-readable obligations. More precisely, the agent can deduce, e.g.,
missed deadlines from the obligations, and since we perceive the agent with the
obligations as a smart contract, we conclude a smart contract reasons about
itself.
The remainder is structured as follows. Section 3.1 discusses the ontological
concepts and properties of contractual obligations. Section 3.2 shows in a formal
way the processing of obligations by agents. Next, Section 3.3 explains the use
of BDI-agents in managing the contracts.
3.1 Contract Content
A SAC must comprise important elements of contracts to provide metadata
during the contract execution. This metadata can then be used in various ways
by informatics systems, but most importantly agents, which assist, automate and
manage contract execution. As mentioned above, rights and obligations must
be optimized for machine readability. We explain rights and obligations with
the running case of Section 2.2. Next, we show machine-readability for rights
and obligations while maintaining the capability for non-technical persons to
comprehend the smart rights and obligations based SAC.
Figure 4 depicts the class diagram of the Agrello-framework ontology10 . Several sub-class relationships exist to capture all essential contractual elements. For
example, we refine an obligation by adding as subclasses Monetary Obligation
and NonMonetary Obligation to express certain remedies are only available for
non-monetary obligations that can be a repair, or a replacement, while some are
monetary, e.g., late-payment charges. There exist also person subclasses such
as an Obligor who must perform an obligation, a Beneficiary who is benefiting
from the performance of an obligation and optionally, a Third Party as a beneficiary from the performance of an obligation, e.g., a utilities provider in a rental
contract.
The purpose of the Remedy subclasses in Figure 4 is to eliminate negative
consequences that result from a breach of the contract. Additionally, by invoking
remedies, a beneficiary achieves a situation if the obligation had been performed
10

Agrello-OWL: http://tinyurl.com/lkkapvg

10

Alex Norta

Fig. 4. Agrello-ontology class diagram.

correctly. For example, if the rental payment is delayed, the lessor can claim
late-payment Interest.
The Right subclasses are important as they reflect what a Beneficiary can
claim. For example, if a lessee destroys furniture in an apartment, the lessor has
the right to Claim Repair, or Claim Replacement. Finally, the State subclasses
in Figure 4 reflect the status of an Obligation performance in a contract lifecycle.

Fig. 5. Obligation-ontology graph.

With respect to class-references, we focus on obligations and rights. In Figure
5 the depicted graph shows the main ontological relationships for the Obligation

Self-Aware Contracts

11

class. In accordance with Figure 1, the depiction shows components that are
integrated with the ontology. More concretely, Figure 5 comprises an Obligor,
Beneficiary, Precondition, Action and a Deadline. Furthermore, a Remedy is
based on an Obligation and a Third Party fulfills an Obligation. A Claim, or
a Right may create and Obligation and finally, the latter follows lifecycle State
stages.
In Figure 5, a Precondition is an expression that must be fulfilled in order
for an Obligation to be enabled. An Action is the task an obliger must carry
out for the Beneficiary, e.g. pay the rent. An Action has two properties, namely
Action Type such as pay and the Action Object such as rent. The Deadline
states when an Obligation has to be performed.

Fig. 6. Right-ontology graph.

The next ontology graph of Figure 6 shows the static relationship of classes
related to Right. Related to Figure 2, the difference is that a Beneficiary has
Rights prescribed in a contract and a right to several Remedy instances if a
contract is breached. For example if the apartment is not returned by the lessee
in the condition it was in at the beginning of the contract, the lessor has the right
to claim repair, or replacement. Damages can always be claimed, irrespective of
the aforementioned rights. This can be the case if the lessor can not fulfill an
agreement with a subsequent lessee due to delays caused by necessary repairs.
3.2 Obligation Processing
During a contract lifecycle, obligations move through stages of processing. According to the ontology classes of Figure 4, those stages are inactive, active, performed, delayed, defective and terminated. Additionally, there exist the stages

12

Alex Norta

revised and unfulfillable, which is out of focus for the automation of obligation
processing. More precisely, we discuss the respective stages below:
 inactive: When an agent has not taken an obligation into consideration, i.e.,
the precondition of an obligation has not been met.
 active: An agent takes an obligation into consideration, i.e., the precondition
of an obligation is met. That infers an obligor has to perform the related action
before the deadline passes.
 performed: The action has been carried out by the obligor.
 delayed: The obligor has not carried out the action before the agreed deadline.
Delayed state presumes that the amount of the action object in the obligation
is not delivered to the beneficiary, or is not delivered in the sufficient amount.
 defective: The action object of an obligation is defective.
 terminated: The obligation can be terminated by a fundamental breach, or by
mutual agreement. No further consideration of the obligation will take place.
Following the CPN model in Figure 7, when an obligation is in the stages
delayed, or defective, a contractual agent starts reasoning about breaches to
notify a collaborating party about the rights to remedy breaches, or other options
for conflict resolution. In the delayed stage, the action object of the obligation
is not delivered before the deadline passes, or is not delivered in the sufficient
amount. For example the rent is not paid, or is paid less than required.
A defective distinction in Figure 7 shows monetary and non-monetary obligations. A monetary obligation includes a monetary action, while non-monetary
obligation includes an action with a non-monetary action object. For example, the obligation to pay rent is a monetary obligation and the obligation to
transfer the possession of an apartment is a non-monetary obligation. Only a
non-monetary obligation can enter into a defective obligation stage. The latter
requires the action object to lack the expected quality compared to agreement.
For example when the lessee returns the possession of the apartment to the
lessor without the apartment being in the agreed condition. In contrary to that,
an obligation to pay rent cannot have qualitative deficiencies, because rent as
the action object of the obligation has only quantitative features and does not
have any qualitative ones. Although being in the state performed, the obligation
can go to the state defective if defects are discovered in the aftermath.
The obligation stages delayed and defective in Figure 7 initiate rights to the
beneficiary of an obligation to claim remedies. The delayed stage can initiate
rights to claim performance, late-payment charges for monetary obligations and
a contractual fine for non-monetary obligations. The defective stage can only
be reached by non-monitory obligations and it allows the beneficiary to claim
repair, or replacement while also being able to claim damages.
When the remedies in Figure 7 do not enable the beneficiary to achieve the
purpose of the obligation performance, the obligation is fundamentally breached,
resulting in the obligation reaching the stage of terminated. This can initiate the
right for the beneficiary to cancel the contract. The obligation can also be put
into the stage terminated at any time by the mutual agreement of the parties.

Self-Aware Contracts

13

[NonMonetaryObligation, MonetaryObligation]
inactive
OBLIGATION
obligation
activate
obligation
MonetaryObligation

delay
monetary

obligation

precondition
met/active

MonetaryObligation
[Claim_Late_Payment_Charge,
Claim_Performance,
Use_Custom_Right]

obligation

obligation
obligation
delayed

[Claim_Performance,
Use_Custom_Right,
Claim_Contractual_Fine]
right
active

obligation

perform
delayed

NonMonetaryObligation
delay
non-monetary

perform

OBLIGATION

performed

obligation

OBLIGATION

OBLIGATION

NonMonetaryObligation
NonMonetaryObligation

[Claim_Replacement, Claim_Repair]

detect
defect

RIGHT

[Claim_Replacement,
Claim_Repair]

defective
performance

NonMonetaryObligation

obligation
defective
NonMonetaryObligation

NonMonetaryObligation

OBLIGATION

NonMonetaryObligation

Cancel_Contract
Cancel_Contract

fundamental
breach of delayed
obligation occured

fundamental
breach of defective
obligation occured

obligation
obligation
terminated
OBLIGATION

Fig. 7. Transaction processing of obligations.

3.3 Interacting Contract Agents
The running case of Section 2 for renting out apartments is further refined by
developing UML sequence diagrams, [46] depicting the interaction protocols of
agents. The first sequence diagram of Figure 8 is the refinement for Figure 3(a)
about the initiation of a rental contract while the second sequence diagram of
Figure 9 pertains to Figure 3(b) about the rental contract termination.
In Figure 8, we assign a fictitious public key number that comprises four
characters for readability. The three entities to the left represent a contractual
agent and two personal agents for the lessor and lessee respectively. The fourth
entity denotes the blockchain into which events are registered. Furthermore, we
assume a smart-home scenario where the apartment has four agents assigned,
one for the smart lock and three for the gas-, water- and electricity-smart meters
respectively.

14

Alex Norta

Fig. 8. Initiation protocol of contractual agents.

The sequence diagram in Figure 8 commences with the contract agent sending a message to the lessee agent about the obligation ob(dep) being active,
meaning that the deposit must be paid. Consequently, the lessee agent performs
the payment by invoking tx(dep, 7a30) to the blockchain, i.e., the deposit is held
by the contract agent. Note that usually a deposit is paid to a lessors account,
which is problematic as the lessor has the exclusive control over funds that he is
not entitled to unless there is damage done to the apartment. At times, the deposit is never paid back to the lessee, even when the apartment is in undamaged
condition. Still, in the case of a contract-agent wallet, the parties are forced to
find a consensus about the deposit.
The next message in Figure 8 is from the contract agent to the blockchain for
checking the unspent transaction output U T XO(7a30) to assure the deposit is
transferred to the contract-agent wallet onto the blockchain. The latter responds
with a confirmation  result(-B0.3)  indicating the payment to the contractagents public-key address on the blockchain.
For the formation of the transfer-act act1 in Figure 3, several types of information must be collected. First, the contract agent sends an active obligation
message ob(pt) to the lessor agent for requesting pictures of the apartment condition. The lessor agent responds by delivering those pictures. Next, value-query
messages qu(value) are sent by the contract agent to the gas-, water- and electricity agents respectively, who respond with sending back the current smart-meter

Self-Aware Contracts

15

counts in result(value)-messages. The latter are used by the contract agent in
combination with the pictures to generate act1 that is subsequently recorded in
the blockchain.
Next, the contract agent sends an active obligation message ob(key) to the
lessor agent who subsequently sends another message order(transfer,31x7) to the
smart-key agent, i.e., the smart key to the apartment is now usable by the lessee.
Note that by using the blockchain for smart-key assignment, it is possible to perform an assignment to multiple persons and the lessor is aware of their identity.
Finally, the contract agent sends an active obligation message ob(rentpay) to
the lessee agent, after which the latter sends a transaction tx(rent,03m6) to the
blockchain, i.e., the recipient of the first monthly rent payment is the lessor.

Fig. 9. Termination protocol of contractual agents.

The termination protocol for the apartment rental contract in Figure 9 commences with the contract agent sending an active obligation message ob(pic)
to the lessee agent who returns a set of pictures about the apartment conditions. Next, the smart-meter values are requested with qu(value)-messages from
the gas-, water- and electricity agents respectively. The latter respond with result(value)-messages from the respective smart meters. Assuming the delivered
pictures about the apartment condition are accepted by the lessor, the contract
agent invokes the command act2(pic,value1,value2,value3). The generated act2
is recorder into the blockchain and the contract agent sends an active obliga-

16

Alex Norta

tion message ob(key) to the lessee agent, indicating the apartment smart key
must be returned to the lessor. Consequently, the lessee agent sends a message
order(transfer,03m6) to the smart-key agent.
The contract agent informs the lessor agent with the message right(damage
claim) that there should be a final confirming check for possible damage compensation. We assume in Figure 9 that no damage compensation occurs and
subsequently, the contract agent sends an active obligation message ob(dep) to
the lessor for indicating the deposit must be paid back to the lessee. For that, the
lessor agent sends a transaction message tx(dep,31x7) to the blockchain. Finally,
the contract agent sends a check command UTXO(7a30) to the blockchain, after which the latter responds with the message result(-B0.3), i.e., the deposit has
successfully been returned to the lessee.

4 Manageability of Self-Aware Contracts
The aim of the Agrello-framework is to increase the productivity of informationand value logistics. Important is an understanding of the lifecycle that must
be in place for creating, enacting, rolling back and orderly terminating SACs.
Consequently, Section 4.1 describes the SAC lifecycle, followed by Section 4.2
that focuses on the involvement of BDI-agents in the lifecycle. Finally, Section
4.3 discusses human-interaction means with the SAC lifecycle.
4.1 Lifecycle of Self-Aware Contracts
For the lifecycle in Figure 10, we use again BPMN notation. The lifecycle commences with the need to establish a peer-to-peer (P2P) contract collaboration
between several parties. The first sub-process is for preparing [34] a contract
template that is equipped with service types and affiliated agent roles. Thus,
we assume a library exists of third-party generated rental contract templates
where predefined parameters are inserted, such as for the upper- and the lower
bound of rent that an apartment should be offered for. Next, the service types
are populated by concrete service-offers from agents that fill specific roles. For
the running case of this paper, the roles are lessor and lessee, a blockchain, the
smart key, and the utility agents for gas, water and electricity.
Using a SAC approach has advantages over the traditional renting situation as follows. In the latter case, the lessor usually determines who the utility providers are and the lessee is on the receiving end paying to the lessor.
In the case of SACs, it is possible to avail specific roles and service types for
competing potential providers. For example, if a lessee is conscious about the
environment and disagrees with a preset gas agent, there can be provisions
to have environmentally friendly alternative providers compete for being gasservice providers. Consequently, fine-tuned free-market competition during the
rental-contract preparation phase increases the likelihood of finding an optimal
service-provider quorum.

Self-Aware Contracts

17

Fig. 10. The Agrello-lifecycle of SACs.

The negotiation sub-process in Figure 10 allows the agents to set concrete
prices within the predefined ranges. After assembling a proto-contract, each
agent receives a copy for deciding on a negotiation outcome. There are three
decision options that may occur during the negotiation. First, the lessee agent
may disagree with a set monthly rent rate and proposes a different number in a
counteroffer. This implies that new copies must be assigned to each agent for a
new negotiation round. Second, an agent considers the proto-contract disagreeable and collapses the negotiation. In this case, the lifeycle reaches the lifecycle
end. Third, all agents agree and create a SAC agent.
The initiation phase [35] in Figure 10 commences when the contract agent
exists but the establishment of a decentralized governance infrastructure (DGI)
is required for the subsequent enactment as well. Note that the initiation phase
matches with the sequence-diagram protocol of Figure 8. The DGI-establishment
involves the distribution of obligation sets that are derived from the contract
agent to the respective agents. Additionally, monitors are assigned together with
contract-monitoring agents (CMA) that observe if obligations are adhered to. In
cases of obligation breaches, a CMA reports to the contract agent and rollback
steps commence that we explain below. Finally, preparing for rental-contract
enactment means that private processes for each collaborating agent are set up
on a technical level and communication endpoints are established where clarity
exists on the meaning of exchanged heterogeneous data sets.
During the enactment phase in Figure 10, the lessee pays monthly apartment
rent to the blockchain. The earlier established CMAs monitor if the lessee agent
adheres to the deadlines of obligations. In case of an obligation violation [24, 35],
a voting procedure commences to establish if the obligation breach is fundamental, or if merely an obligation revision is required. For the running case, a breach
occurs when the lessee pays rent late or not at all. Assuming the rent payment

18

Alex Norta

includes also the payment of monthly utility costs, the voting involves the lessor
agent and the utility agents for gas, water and electricity. We assume the voting
power is determined by the proportional amount of payment that are part of the
monthly rent payment of the lessee.
In case the lessee refuses to pay, the voting outcome is a fundamental breach.
Consequently, the contract is renegotiated to hopefully clarify issues that result
in not paying rent. Note that a renegotiation involves a partial termination of the
flowing business semantics and a targeted rollback of the remaining subset into
the negotiation component. Still, the existing contract remains intact during the
renegotiation phase. If a renegotiation fails, the ongoing rental-contract businesssemantics flow is fully terminated and the involved agents are equally terminated.
If the lessee is late with the monthly rental payment to the blockchain, the
vote outcome is likely to demand payment on the one hand, and interest in
addition on the other hand. We assume revision of the obligation takes place
to see if it possibly does not match the rental context any longer, e.g., the
lessee receives salary later and consequently, can only pay monthly rent later
too. In that case, the obligation adjustment is inserted during a rollback to
the initiation phase and the ongoing contract continues. Finally, the full rentalcontract termination phase involves a takedown of the DGI and follows the
protocol of Figure 9. Thus, all agents are released from the collaboration and
equally terminated.
4.2 BDI-Agent Involvement
The agents shown in Figure 10 fulfill specific roles for the self-aware rental contract. The contract agent (CA) operates on behalf of the housing agency and
coordinates the remaining agents after its creation at the end of the preparation
stage when the other agents of Figure 8 consent on a rental-contract establishment. The responsibilities are to allow for deducing a DGI so that the lessorand the lessee agents comprise local sets of obligations. The CA also coordinates
the CMAs that observe locally on behalf of the CA if the local obligation sets
are adhered to. Furthermore, the CA has responsibilities during the initiation
phase of Figure 10 that follow the sequence diagram of Figure 8. During the
execution phase, the CA listens to the CMA and if the rent payment is not performed in an orderly way, the responsibility of the former is to trigger a voting
procedure that leads to earlier explained rollback results. Finally, the CA also
captures the termination request for the rental contract of the lessor, or lessee
and triggers the overall DGI-dismantling. Essential CA-constraints are that the
roles of the contract template must all be populated in the preparation stage
with corresponding agents. The latter must reach a consensus so that a CA is
instantiated for a DGI-setup. Important is also that the data for act1 creation is
delivered as requested, i.e., pictures and gas-, water- and electricity values from
the utility agents. Another constraint is that all votes are cast as required during
the rollback phase.
The lessor- and lessee agents both have the responsibilities to populate a corresponding role with an affiliated service type in a contract template during the

Self-Aware Contracts

19

preparation phase. Next, both agents must participate in the negotiation phase
and provide counteroffers, disagreements, or agreements for consensus formation.
Both, lessor- and lessee agents, have the responsibility to cooperate for facts
collecting that leads to the establishment of act1 and act2 in accordance with
Figure 8 and Figure 9 respectively during the initiation phase. The lessor agent
has the responsibility to transfer the smart key to the lessee. During the execution phase, it is the responsibility of the lessee agent to pay monthly rent onto
the blockchain. When the latter obligation is not adhered to, the lessee agent is
obliged to cooperate with the rollback procedure and must either agree with a
new obligation to continue in the rental contract, or pay damage and compensation if a fundamental breach occurs. The lessor agent has the responsibility
to cooperate in the rollback voting procedure if the CA detects a breach that a
CMA reports.
The constraint of the lessee agent is the ability to pay the deposit during
the initiation phase, the rent during the execution phase, possible damages and
compensations during the rollback phase. For the termination, the constraint for
the lessee agent is that the delivered photos display an apartment condition that
is similar to when the lessee moved in and if the condition is lower, the lessee
agent must pay compensation to the blockchain address of the lessor agent. The
constraint of the lessor agent during the initiation phase is delivering pictures to
the CA that document the apartment condition and fails to transfer the smart
key to the lessee within an acceptable time limit. During the termination phase,
the lessor agent must detect damages in the apartment within an acceptable
time limit.
The utility agents for gas-, water- and electricity have the responsibility to fill
their respective roles in the contract template during the preparation phases and
must report current meter values during the initiation phase. In case the lessee
agent fails to pay the rent where we assume the utility expenses are a part of
it, the utility agents must participate in the rollback voting procedure. Finally,
during the termination phase, the utility agents must again deliver meter values
for the finalization of act2 (Figure 9). The constraints are, that utility agents
fail to adhere to their responsibilities within given time limits.
The smart-key agent has the responsibility to accept being assigned to lesses
during the initiation phase and being transferred back to the lessor during the
termination phase. Otherwise, the smart-key agent does not have any additional
responsibilities during the SAC lifecycle of Figure 10. The only constraint for the
smart-key agent is to immediately respond to user-change commands. Finally,
the blockchain is not an agent but merely an immutable event record-ledger for
the rental contract lifecycle.
4.3 Means of Human Interaction
The organization model of Figure 11 shows human involvement in the collaboration for the running-case rental contract. An organization model is part of
the agent-oriented modeling notation [49] and denotes the relationships between
human- and BDI-agents. The arcs between the agents specify the relationship

20

Alex Norta

types. In Figure 11 we use Controls to show a subordinate relationship between
agents, IsPeerTo to define equal roles and IsBenevolentTo as a relationshp between self-interested agent roles. Additionally in Figure 11, we specify that a
utility agent can be either a gas-, water-, or electricity agent.

controls
IsBenevolentTo

IsPeerTo

IsPeerTo

Lessor

Lessee

Housing
Company

Controls

Controls

IsBenevolentTo

Controls

IsBenevolentTo

Lessor
Agent

Contract
Agent
Lessee
Agent

Controls

Controls

Utility
Agent
Smart-Key
Agent

Gas
Agent

Controls

Water
Agent

Controls

IsPeerTo

Gas
company

Electricity
Agent

Controls

IsPeerTo

Water
Company

Electricity
Company

Fig. 11. The organizational model for the rental contract.

The human involvement as specified in Figure 11 takes place via dedicated
assisting BDI-agents. For example, the lessee agent engages in the rental contract
on behalf of the lessor, who is a human individual. The gas agent acts in the rental
contract on behalf of a utility company that provides gas to the apartment. The
respective assisting BDI-agents that act for human agents are under coordinating
control of the contract agent that are in turn under the control of a housing
company. Finally, the smart-key agent is under alternating control of the lessor-,
or the lessee agent with respect to shifting the human-agent ownership.

5 Trusting Contract Elements
Contract immutability and legal viability are related to several problems. Immutability not only implies to store the machine-readable and agent-executable
contract with its obligations so that it cannot be changed. It is also necessary to
store the events, e.g., payments that affect contract-execution immutably. With
conventional contracts, these events are for example receipts, emails, or phone
calls, e.g., from lessor to lessee. Immutability of these events prevents situations

Self-Aware Contracts

21

where two parties claim the opposite about whether a payment is performed, or
not. It is also a prerequisite to allow for an agent-aided review of the contract
execution. A separate contract agent is fed with the contract in question and
connected to the event-storing repository. The agent commences in the past,
consumes relevant events and processes the obligations of the contract to the
present. Besides immutability of value, this entails that events are immutably
timestamped.
The remainder is structured as follow. Section 5.1 comprises essential elements for the setup of SACs. Section 5.2 gives technical details about executing
contracts. Section 5.3 describes additional trusted events for contract execution
and finally, Section 5.4 explains the contextual trustworthiness for contract integration.
5.1 Elements of Trust
In order to support the execution of self-aware smart-contracts with blockchain
technology, various elements are necessary. First of all, the contract has to be
signed by the contract parties. Essential elements for enacting blockchain enhanced self-aware smart-contracts are:
Identity: the contract parties must be unambiguously identifiable. Especially
the lessor in a rent contract wants assurance that the flat is used by the
person who (or whos agent) reacts to the lessors offer. Assuming that one
person with a positive credit rating reacts to a flat offer while the identity
used for contract signing cannot be verified, the intended lessee could instead
let another person with insufficient credit rating move into the flat, e.g., a
friend, or family member.
Signature: conventional contracts require a hand written signature. To achieve
comparable, or better legal commitment, digital and cryptographically secure
signatures are necessary.
Events: as stated above, access to external events related to the contract obligations is essential for automated execution. In case the contract agent is to
sense that a rent happens for a specific month, it either has to be externally
informed about such an event with a push message, or must be able to query
a blockchain that stores such events as a pull message. Alternatively, an agent
with blockchain connection to the blockchain relays the information transitively. The different types of events are not necessarily stored on the same
blockchain as, e.g., sensor data from smart meters, or access permissions for
the smart lock may require a different blockchain.
Timestamp: the SAC together with agents and obligations considers external
events to process obligations, e.g., payments. To reason about delays and
deadlines, events consumed by the contract agent need to be time stamped.
Contract source code: the source code of the contract contains its obligation in a
formal and machine-readable notation. To guarantee immutability, the contract source code and the corresponding hash must reside on the blockchain.
In case a contract party claims defective contract execution by the agent

22

Alex Norta

because of manipulated source code, an original copy must exist to resolve
such conflicts. Storing the hash on the blockchain is only sufficient if at least
one contract party provides source code with the same hash value. An edge
case occurs when both parties can not provide a copy of the contract.
5.2 Contract Execution
Regarding legal viability, it has to be considered where the execution of the
contract takes place. Examples for related issues are, the number of independent
nodes running the contract and the problem of on- versus off-chain execution.
Unlike Etherum smart contracts, SACs do not require external events, or
the progress of obligation executions to be stored on a blockchain. It is legally
sufficient to merely store transactions between contract parties on a blockchain.
Still, the current state of SAC execution can always be derived from blockchainstored information.
Processing the rent-payment obligation of Listing 1 requires handling logics
of deadlines. Thus, the obligation (l.1-4 ) states that the lessee (obligor) has to
pay monthly rent to the lessor (beneficiary). The time token (l.6 ) is stored in the
agents belief base to trigger the processing of the recurring o6 obligation. In an
agent-orient approach, the respective code is provided as a library, or module for
which Listing 2 provides an excerpt. In l.1-9: the plan handles the instantiation
of the rent payment obligation each first day of a month. In l.12-17:, to acquire
the date for the following month, this plan is used. The plan in l.20-30: is invoked
by lines 1-9 with the purpose to create an event inside the agent that triggers
the creation of a concrete obligation at the beginning of the following month.
Thus, the event triggers plan l.1-9 again. If the event occurs, a term such as in
Listing 1, l.6 is added to the belief base.
Listing 1. A monthly rent-payment obligation.
1
2
3
4
5
6

obligation ( o6 , lessee , lessor ,
d a t e _ p r e c o n d i t i o n ( year , month ,1) , pay ( rent )
)[ r e c u r r i n g _ d e a d l i n e ( date ( year , month ,10)) ,
state ( new ) , recurring ].
t i m e _ t o k e n _ f o r _ r e c u r r i n g _ o b l i g a t i o n ( o6 , timeToken (2017 , 2 , 1)).

The logic of this micro lifecycle described in Listing 1 is based on the declarative and logic programming facilities the Jason agent framework11 comprises.
Integrating the agent with the blockchain leads to a trade-off raising the question
of whether to run the contract agent on-, or off-chain.
Off-chain: running the SAC off-chain requires storage on a server for the execution by the agent framework. This entails, that the agent framework provides
means for communicating with the blockchain. The Jason framework with its
11

More precisely: AgentSpeak is a logic- and declarative programming language. Jason
agents are written in AgentSpeak and running them means that the source code is
interpreted by the Jason framework.

Self-Aware Contracts

23

reasoning cycle is implemented in Java and allows for extending it with handwritten code, i.e., using a library for interfacing with the blockchain. For this
to work, the blockchain has to provide an up-to-date API that also introduces
a dependency on it for the agent, not to speak of Java being involved. The offchain approach does not require any adaption, or change of the used blockchain,
but only the API.
Listing 2. Instantiation of the rent payment obligation each 1st day of a month.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30

+ t i m e _ t o k e n _ f o r _ r e c u r r i n g _ o b l i g a t i o n ( ObligationName , timeToken ( OY , OM , OD ))
<+ obligation ( ObligationName , Obligor , Beneficiary ,
d a t e _ p r e c o n d i t i on ( OY , OM , OD ) , Task )[ recurring , state ( new )];
? obligation ( ObligationName , Obligor , Beneficiary ,
d a t e _ p r e c o n d i t i on (Y ,M , D ) , Task )[ recurring ]
? ge t Ne x tT i me T ok e n ( timeToken ( OY , OM , OD ) ,
d a t e _ p r e c o n d i t i on (Y ,M , D ) , NewDate );
! c r e a t e _ e v e n t _ f o r _ r e c u r r i n g _ o b l i g a t i o n ( ObligationName , NewDate ).

+? g et N ex t Ti m eT o ke n (
timeToken ( TY , TM , TD ) ,
d a t e _ p r e c o n d i t i o n ( year , month , Day ) ,
NewDate ) : . number ( Day ) & TM <= 11
<NewDate = date ( TY , TM +1 , Day ).

+! c r e a t e _ e v e n t _ f o r _ r e c u r r i n g _ o b l i g a t i o n ( ObligationName ,
date ( NY , NM , ND )) : sulfur . date (A ,B , C ) & a ( NY , NM , ND ) <= a (A ,B , C )
<. concat (
"+ t i m e _ t o k e n _ f o r _ r e c u r r i n g _ o b l i g a t i o n (" ,
ObligationName ,
" ," ,
timeToken ( NY , NM , ND ) ,
")" ,
Event );
. at (" now +1 ms " , Event ).

On-chain: comparable to Ethereum smart contracts. For obligation driven
contracts, it is not necessary to write any state information to the blockchain.
The contract execution is driven by events such as payments that need to be
stored on the blockchain. Executing the contract requires keeping the execution
state in the memory of the machine/hardware for execution. The higher degree of abstraction that a logic- and declarative programming language such as
AgentSpeak yields, introduces the necessity for a reasoning cycle, e.g., reacting
to percepts, and a reasoner for unifying terms. To run a SAC on-chain, these
components have to be implemented in the virtual machine of the blockchain
that requires developing a new language 12 . This eliminates the need for API
integration into an agent. Another advantage is the encapsulation and hiding of
the hand-written code that comprises the mirco-lifecycle for general obligation
processing as in excerpt in Listing 2.
12

Another way to tackle this problem is introducing an intermediate language based
on -calculus.

24

Alex Norta

An open issue is the relation between declarative and imperative programming in smart contracts. The SAC language we aim for is based on obligations and a more static and declarative approach. This leaves open the question
whether logics like voting protocols/algorithms can also be covert this way.
The question arises which parties run the contract agent. On the one hand,
contract details may not be accessible to the public while on the other hand, the
idea of blockchain is to distribute information for tampering protection and traceability. One solution is that each contract party runs a light node for contractcode enactment that only stores those transactions related to the contract and
its parties.
5.3 Trusted Events
When a SAC is executed, not only events like payments are involved. The agent,
reasoning about obligations, also needs to keep track of fine grained information
bits. If a recurring obligation must be processed such as for a monthly rental
payment, the agent must create a concrete obligation13 each first of a month,
containing the according date (Listing 2 line 3).
The agent senses its environment checking the current date and recognizes
that the recurring obligation has to be instantiated since the date is the first of
the month. This creates additional information the contract agent requires to
appropriately process the obligations. In contrast to payment events and given
signatures, or value transfers, this information does not require storage in the
blockchain and can be restored by restarting the contract agent, e.g., starting a
second instance to review contract execution.
5.4 Contextual Trustworthiness
Self-aware contracts can be integrated with their context to different degrees.
For a rental contract, an especially high degree of integration is computing the
monthly utilities by reading the consumption of electricity and water from smart
meters. This raises difficulties on several levels.
Security: IoT devices have repeatedly been subject to serious security vulnerabilities14 . Paying utilities automatically may cause inconveniences for a lessee
13

We clarify the terminology of recurring and concrete obligations. In a rental contract,
there is only one obligation for paying the rent monthly. However, for processing,
this obligation must be split into parts (instances) simplifying the task for the agent.

14

https://techcrunch.com/2017/02/28/amazon-aws-s3-outage-is-breakingthings-for-a-lot-of-websites-and-apps/
https://security.radware.com/ddos-threats-attacks/brickerbot-pdospermanent-denial-of-service/
https://krebsonsecurity.com/2016/10/who-makes-the-iot-things-underattack/
http://iotworm.eyalro.net/

Self-Aware Contracts

25

of a flat. The logics for recognizing and handling faulty sensor data must be
introduced to the contract agent. A privacy concern is the secure transfer of
sensitive measurement data.
Interoperability: when integrating technologies from different technical domains15 such as software agents, blockchains, smart devices/IoT, a considerable challenge is data exchange. This not only relates to syntactic interoperability so that exchanged data can be parsed by the counter-party with
correct data formats. The semantic interoperability for data exchange must
also be clarified, e.g., a temperature measured in  C is mistakenly interpreted as  F ?). Sound data exchange also involves architectural aspects.
The question arises if the contract agent receives the sensor data from another software agent that acts as a proxy for the IoT devices and provides
a uniform interface, or is accessing the smart meters hard coded into the
agent.
Our notion of SACs is based on obligations and we refer to the P2P economy
throughout the white paper. Nevertheless, the idea of obligations stems from
contract law that not only covers P2P scenarios such as for the rental-contract
case. Obligations are also applicable for business-to-business scenarios. We anticipate a framework that is scalable for business-to-business (B2B) cases without
considerable changes to the core concepts, e.g., sale of goods, or services.

6 Feasibility Evaluation
We map the running rent-contracting case of Section 2 into an evaluation that
comprises three parts. First, Section 6.1 gives an architecture of the Agrello
framework. Next, Section 6.2 shows code of the Agrello language for several aspects of the SAC, which includes examples for obligations and rights. Section 6.3
shows a conceptual Agrello graphical user-interface prototype that is currently
under development.
6.1 System Architecture
The Agrello-system architecture in Figure 12 we derive from from [37] where
the so-called eSourcing Reference Architecture (eSRA) is introduced for crossorganizational process-aware collaboration. We use a simplified form of a UMLcomponent diagram model [4] for the architecture depiction. Briefly, eSourcing
establish outsourcing relationships by supporting matchmaking between offered
and requested process views [17] that allows for a stepwise collaboration evolution if contextual changes require it. Furthermore, in [32] we show how software
agents enable communication for conflict resolution in P2P- and process-aware
collaborations. These agents act autonomously on behalf of collaborating organizations a SAC orchestrates with the assurance that information used for
15

http://www.jot.fm/issues/issue_2006_11/article4/

26

Alex Norta

conflict resolution is trustworthy. Note that business processes can be mapped
onto Solidity [52] for blockchain-based enactment.

Housing Company

external layer

conceptual layer
internal layer

Utility Company

external layer

conceptual layer
internal layer

Fig. 12. Agrello-system architecture in a simplified bi-lateral cross-organizational collaboration scenario.

The architecture in Figure 12 shows a set of components that are organized
with a layered architecture. We assume to the left and right are two respective
collaborating parties. However, the eSourcing approach scales so that Agrello
supports the P2P multi-party running case [15, 16] from Section 2. In the middle of Figure 12 is a component that comprises Agrello contract templates in a
repository hub [38]. The hub allows for finding contract templates that a GUI
displays in human-readable language during the preparation of a contract template in correspondence to Figure 10. A user parameterizes the template and
a mapping creates a representation into an XML-based based equivalent based
on the eSourcing Markup Language (eSML) [39] that we extend with obligations and rights into AgrelloLanguage in accordance with Section 3. Note that
for the population and negotiation phases in accordance with Figure 10, the
collaboration components are employed.
The layers in Figure 12 are as follows. The external layer comprises a respectively replicated collaboration component that synchronizes via a contained
coordination interface with the equal component of counter-parties. The collaboration component also serves as a security-ensuring gateway for P2P data
exchange. Furthermore, embedded are additional components to negotiate SACs
specified in AgrelloLanguage with affiliated obligations and rights. For that, functionalities are necessary to perform reputation-, identity-, and action management related to SAC involvement. The collaboration component also contains
BDI-agents that act on behalf of a concrete collaborating party, as we explain
above. A coordinator component assures during the enactment phase that SACs
align the execution on obligations, rights and the the process aspect.
The contract-template hub comprises several embedded components too.
Identity-management- and reputation management functionalities complement
the collaboration components of respective collaborating counter-parties. Bid-

Self-Aware Contracts

27

ding services receive auctioning- and tendering input from the collaboration management. To quickly deploy contracts, libraries for SAC templates, obligations
and rights exist. Important is also that the templates must be validated with
tool support for soundness, i.e., syntactic and semantic deficiencies elimination.
The conceptual layer is internal to collaborating parties and shielded by the
external layer from information exchange with counter-parties. The contained
SAC setup support comprises libraries with smart-contract parts, obligations
and rights that modeling tools can use for rapidly creating SACs. The composed
SAC is simulated and verified internally for soundness, i.e., for eliminating design errors. Note that simulation is inferior to verification as most likely not
all execution paths of a SAC are tested. In contrast, verification employs formal methods and sophisticated tool support for a complete correctness check
of SACs. The setup support also comprises development tools for issuing BDIagents that externally represent a collaborating party. The translator component
relays between the external- and internal layer that we explain below.
As [37] shows in detail, the translator must reconcile different standards and
formats that are used in terms of modeling notations and information types.
While the external- and conceptual layers are provided by the Agrello framework,
the internal layer comprises concrete smart contract systems, e.g., Ethereum [53],
Lisk16 , Hyperledger [12], Qtum17 , and so on. Thus, we assume a blockchain agnostic position and must map to a heterogeneous set of smart-contract languages,
mostly slight variations of Solidity [13].
6.2 Agrello Language
We show the high-level structure of the business-collaboration language we call
AgrelloLanguage that is derived from the research-driven and pre-existing eSourcing Markup Language (eSML) [39] schema as a foundation. AgrelloLanguage
is given in Extensible Markup Language (XML) [9] to facilitate the building of
distributed applications in Clouds [11].
Figure 13 shows the structure of AgrelloLanguage as a SAC between collaborating parties, structuring the AgrelloLanguage content into the conceptual
blocks Who, Where, and What. Briefly, the Who block comprises constructs
for the resource definition and the data definition. Mapped onto the running
apartment-renting case, parts of the resource definition are the housing company, the utility smart meters, and related information. Note that BDI-agents
count as resources and are therefore defined with an unique identifier and universal resource identifier (URI) [26].
The Where block defines the business context in terms of used business, legal, and geographical aspects are of importance for the contractual relations of
collaborating parties. In the context of the renting case, we assume Estonian jurisdiction holds. More concretely, the business-context provisions comprise obligations and rights that are assigned to concrete process tasks we explain below.
16
17

https://lisk.io/
https://qtum.org/en/

28

Alex Norta

Fig. 13. AgrelloLanguage structure for SAC formulation.

The legal context provisions allow for setting general terms and conditions for a
contract.
In the What block, the current adoption of a formal process-specification
language permits the use of control-flow patterns for business-process definitions that have semantic clarity [36]. Note that the process definitions comprises
constructs for linking to the resource- and data-definition sections of AgrelloLanguage that are both based on respective pattern collections [48, 47]. Furthermore,
life-cycle definitions [33] are for the business processes and contained tasks.
Since the Agrello framework is blockchain agnostic, the mapping assures
that heterogeneous organizational-internal smart-contract platforms can be integrated cross-organizationally. Thus, the life-cycle-mapping establishes semantic
equivalence between the life-cycles of the cross-organizationally harmonized business processes and of tasks from the opposing domains. Different labels of tasks
belonging to processes of opposing domains may be semantically equal. To establish a semantic equality, the second part of the mapping block focuses on
the mapping of task labels. The monitoring construct of Figure 13 specifies how
much of the enactment phase the service consumer perceives. We refer the reader
to [33] for further details.
For the running rental case, we give brief AgrelloLanguage code examples
for obligations and rights. Listing 3 shows an example for the obligation to pay
monthly rent. We assume the obligation has a name and unique ID, can not be
changed throughout the enactment of a SAC and involves monetary units for
the execution.
The state of the obligation in Listing 3 is enabled, i.e., the SAC enactment
is at a lifecycle stage where the obligation is active. Next, the parties of the
obligations define as a beneficiary the lessor. Note, we use the shrunk public key

Self-Aware Contracts

29

number of the lessor wallet from Figure 8. The same holds for the lessee who is
defined as the obligor and must pay the monthly rent. There is no third party
involved in this obligation. Following Figure 1, the obligation type is todo in that
the lessee has to act by concretely paying the rent.
Listing 3. Obligation example for paying monthly rent.
10 < obligation_rule tag_name =" monthly_rent " rule_id ="0001"
11 changeable =" false " monetary =" true " >
12
< state > enabled </ state >
13
< parties >
14
< benficiary > Lessor (31 x7 ) </ beneficiary >
15
< obligor > Lessee (03 m6 ) </ obligor >
16
< third_party > nil </ third_party >
17
</ parties >
18
< obligation_type > todo </ obligation_type >
19
< precondition >
20
act1 ( signed )& key ( transferred )
21
< precondition >
22
< action_type > payment (03 m6 ,31 x7 , rent ) </ action_type >
23
< action_object > rent ( monthly , amount ) < action_object >
24
< rule_conditions > month ( lastday ) </ rule_conditions >
25
< remedy >
26
late_payment_interest ( amount ,03 m6 ,31 x7 )
27
</ remedy >
28 </ obligation_rule >

As a precondition for the obligation in Listing 3, the act1 must be signed
by the lessor and lessee while the latter must have access to the smart key for
being able to move into the apartment. The action type is the payment from the
wallet of the lessee to the lessor that constitutes the type rent. Additionally, and
conforming to Figure 1, the action object is defined as the rent with the qualifiers
it must be serviced monthly for a specific amount. The rule condition is that the
rent payment must occur on the last day of a month. Finally, a reference is
inserted in the obligation that a remedy for late rent payment exists where the
lessee must transfer a defined monetary amount to the lessor.
The right in Listing 4 comprises intersecting specification elements with an
obligation. As pointed out in Section 2, the main difference with an obligation is
the the beneficiary may waive a right. We assume in the right example of Listing
4 the hypothetical case the lessee has broken a television for which the lessor is
the owner.
The right is again defined by a corresponding name and ID. As the lessor
has the right to waive the right e.g., in case the lessee convinces the lessor the
television damage is not her fault even when no evidence exists, the right can
be changed on the fly and the compensation is set to f alse as the expectation
is a full replacement of the object. The right is in the lifecycle state enabled for
immediate enactment and the parties are similarly defined as in Listing 3.

30

Alex Norta

Corresponding to Figure 2, the type of the right is set to claim pertaining to
the lessor over the lessee for a replacement of the broken television. The assumed
precondition is again that act1 is signed and the smart-key handover to the lessee
took place. The action type is a replacement of the television that is defined as
an object by brand,type and serial number.
Listing 4. Right example for replacing a broken televsion.
10 < right_rule tag_name =" TV_replacement " rule_id ="0002"
11 changeable =" true " monetary =" false " >
12
< state > enabled </ state >
13
< parties >
14
< benficiary > Lessor (31 x7 ) </ beneficiary >
15
< obligor > Lessee (03 m6 ) </ obligor >
16
< third_party > nil </ third_party >
17
</ parties >
18
< right_type > claim </ right_type >
19
< precondition >
20
act1 ( signed )& key ( transferred )
21
< precondition >
22
< action_type > replace ( tv ) </ action_type >
23
< action_object >
24
tv ( brand , type , serial_number )
25
< action_object >
26
< rule_conditions > deadline ( date ) </ rule_conditions >
27
< remedy >
28
la te_ rep lac eme nt _in ter est ( amount ,31 x7 )
29
</ remedy >
30 </ right_rule >

We assume that the replace() command must be confirmed via mobile phone
by the lessee with a photo showing the television being delivered to the mobile
phone of the lessor. The obligation in Listing 4 also has a certain date set as a
deadline for the television replacement. Otherwise, the lessee must again service
a remedy payment of a certain amount to the wallet of the lessor.
6.3 Agrello User Interface
The objective of the Agrello-framework is to allow for an intuitive development of SACs that are mapped to technical lower-level representations in AgrelloLanguage that is further mapped onto, e.g., Solidity to operate directly on a
blockchain. In the conceptual interface depiction of Figure 14, a template builder
shows to the left SAC-blocks to drag and drop into a contract window at the
bottom right. At the top right of Figure 14, a window for parameterizing the
blocks shows, e.g., the amount parameter is set to $1.750 as monthly rent.
The bottom left of Figure 14 depicts functions that represent actions in a contract a respective party must carry out. For example, the variables and functions
are used in the contract template at the bottom right comprising the function

Self-Aware Contracts

31

Fig. 14. An intuitive Agrello graphical user interface for SAC-development.

rent involving specified variables lessor and lessee over a variable apartment.
More concretely, the contract window shows an assembled obligation in which
the defined lessor agrees to rent the apartment to the lessee during the specified
period for the amount of $1.750 per month.

7 Conclusions
This whitepaper presents a novel cross-organizational blockchain-agnostic framework for peer-to-peer collaboration that is based on ca. 15 years of academic
research stemming from the first author. With the emergence of cyber-physical
systems, a potential arises to reduce costs and time spent on information- and
value-transfer logistics that so far humans have managed. Novel blockchain technology enabled smart contracts, combined with intelligent multi-agent systems
and internet-of-things devices, yield so-called self-aware contracts that allow for
a high degree of automation for such peer-to-peer collaborations. We demonstrate the approach in a running case for renting an apartment that is first presented with traditional protocols for initiating and terminating a rental contract.
Since existing blockchain-based solutions lack essential constructs for specifying
legally binding, machine-readable contracts, we pragmatically formalize obligations and rights with an ontology. The running case is next mapped onto an
automated protocol where belief-desire-intention agents act on behalf of humans
who can consequently focus on decision making via mobile devices. For processing obligations and rights, a high-level state-transition automata in Colored Petri
Nets shows the processing semantics involving a blockchain that assures event

32

Alex Norta

traceability. Next, AgentSpeak code-samples indicate the way how belief-desireintention agents act on behalf of humans to facilitate information- and valuetransfer logistics. Important is that the AgrelloLanguage constitutes a high-level,
cross-organizational, declarative way of formulating self-aware contracts that are
human readable and comprise specifications of obligations and rights, which are
mapped onto organization-internal smart-contract transaction-processing platforms using, e.g., Solidity.
We discover that the combination of belief-desire-intention agents together
with the declarative AgrelloLanguage yields self-aware contracts where the former assure as a combined set trusted information is channelled into contractbased collaborations. That way, the agents create a composed oracle governed
by a lifecycle-management layer. The latter comprises the stages for preparing
a self-aware contract template, initiating the setup phase of a collaboration, enacting a contract, managing rollbacks that are caused by e.g., a breach of an
obligation, or the deliverance of faulty information by an agent, and an orderly
termination of a self-aware contract collaboration.
In addition to employing agents that provide a degree of artificial intelligence in a collaboration, human manageability of the Agrello framework we
achieve by providing a declarative smart-contract language that specifies crossorganizational contract-collaborations. This AgrelloLanguage is based on a preexisting language that results from an EU-project for initially automating crossorganizational production processes. The AgrelloLanguage provides extensions
by adopting human-readable specifications for obligations and rights, which are
core concepts for lawyers to establish traditional contracts for legal viability. Additionally, an intuitive user interface allows for assembling self-aware contracts
with building blocks for subsequent parameterization.
Immutability for legal viability the Agrello framework achieves by employing blockchain capability. Contracting parties must be signed digitally after the
parties identities are authenticated. Furthermore, relevant external events are
stored on the blockchain together with their respective timestamps that are critical for assuring legal traceability. Also the actual contract code itself we store
on the blockchain to guarantee immutability. We recognize that by involving
agents, it is possible to process events off-chain and on-chain. That way, we
achieve a fine-tuned load balancing where only important events are stored in
the blockchain for non-repudiable traceability.
As future work we aim to develop a mapping from AgrelloLanguage obligations and rights to lower-level so-called smart contract languages such as Soldity that operate directly on blockchain platforms. Furthermore, we investigate
a scalable agent-based solution for solving the Oracle problem pertaining to
blockchains where a scalable approach assures trusted information is channeled
into a self-aware contract collaboration. Important is that the Oracle must be
self-healing in that on the fly modifications of its constituents are possible in
cases of malevolent agent behavior, or contextual changes. Relevant for user
adoption is also the design of intuitive graphical user interfaces that allow for

Self-Aware Contracts

33

laymen such as lawyers, business people, and so on, the development of specific
contracts based on human readable templates.

References
1. A.M Antonopoulos. Mastering bitcoins, 2014.
2. Pleszka K. Araszkiewicz, M., editor. Logic in the Theory and Practice of Lawmaking. Springer Publishing Company, Incorporated, 1 edition, 2016.
3. R. Baheti and H. Gill. Cyber-physical systems. The impact of control technology,
12:161166, 2011.
4. D. Bell. Uml basics: The component diagram. IBM Global Services, 2004.
5. I. Bentov, A. Gabizon, and A. Mizrahi. Cryptocurrencies Without Proof of Work,
pages 142157. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, Berlin, Heidelberg, 2016.
6. A. Biryukov and D. Khovratovich. Equihash: Asymmetric proof-of-work based on
the generalized birthday problem. Proceedings of NDSSaAZ16, 2124 February
2016, San Diego, CA, USA. ISBN 1-891562-41-X, 2016.
7. B. Bisping, P.D. Brodmann, T. Jungnickel, C. Rickmann, H. Seidler, A. Stuber,
A. Wilhelm-Weidner, K. Peters, and U. Nestmann. Mechanical verification of a
constructive proof for flp. In International Conference on Interactive Theorem
Proving, pages 107122. Springer, 2016.
8. R.H. Bordini, J.F. Hubner, and M. Wooldridge. Programming multi-agent systems
in AgentSpeak using Jason, volume 8. John Wiley & Sons, 2007.
9. T. Bray, J. Paoli, C.M. Sperberg-McQueen, E. Maler, and F. Yergeau. Extensible
markup language (xml). World Wide Web Journal, 2(4):2766, 1997.
10. O. Bussmann. The Future of Finance: FinTech, Tech Disruption, and Orchestrating
Innovation, pages 473486. Springer International Publishing, Cham, 2017.
11. V. Butterin. A next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform, 2014.
12. C. Cachin. Architecture of the hyperledger blockchain fabric. In Workshop on
Distributed Cryptocurrencies and Consensus Ledgers, 2016.
13. C. Dannen. Solidity Programming, pages 6988. Apress, Berkeley, CA, 2017.
14. N. Emmadi and H. Narumanchi. Reinforcing immutability of permissioned
blockchains with keyless signatures infrastructure. In Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking, ICDCN 17,
pages 46:146:6, New York, NY, USA, 2017. ACM.
15. R. Eshuis, A. Norta, O. Kopp, and E. Pitkanen. Service outsourcing with process
views. IEEE Transactions on Services Computing, 99(PrePrints):1, 2013.
16. R. Eshuis, A. Norta, and R. Roulaux. Evolving process views. Information and
Software Technology, 80:20  35, 2016.
17. Rik Eshuis, Alex Norta, Oliver Kopp, and Esa Pitkanen. Service outsourcing with
process views. IEEE Transactions on Services Computing, 2014. In press. Preprint
at http://is.ieis.tue.nl/staff/heshuis/TSC2014.pdf.
18. B. Glimm, I. Horrocks, B. Motik, G. Stoilos, and Z. Wang. Hermit: An owl 2
reasoner. Journal of Automated Reasoning, 53(3):245269, 2014.
19. P.A. Hamburger. The development of the nineteenth-century consensus theory of
contract. Law and History Review, 7(2):241329, 10 2011.
20. R. Hull, V.S. Batra, Y.M. Chen, A. Deutsch, F.F.T. Heath III, and V. Vianu.
Towards a Shared Ledger Business Collaboration Language Based on Data-Aware
Processes, pages 1836. Springer International Publishing, Cham, 2016.

34

Alex Norta

21. F. Idelberger, G. Governatori, R. Riveret, and G. Sartor. Evaluation of Logic-Based
Smart Contracts for Blockchain Systems, pages 167183. Springer International
Publishing, Cham, 2016.
22. Kurt Jensen, Lars Michael, Kristensen Lisa Wells, K. Jensen, and L. M. Kristensen.
Coloured petri nets and cpn tools for modelling and validation of concurrent systems. In International Journal on Software Tools for Technology Transfer, page
2007, 2007.
23. M. Kolvart, M. Poola, and A. Rull. Smart contracts. In The Future of Law and
eTechnologies, pages 133147. Springer, 2016.
24. L. Kutvonen, A. Norta, and S. Ruohomaa. Inter-enterprise business transaction
management in open service ecosystems. In Enterprise Distributed Object Computing Conference (EDOC), 2012 IEEE 16th International, pages 3140. IEEE,
2012.
25. L. Luu, D.H. Chu, H. Olickel, P. Saxena, and A. Hobor. Making Smart Contracts
Smarter. In Proceedings of the 2016 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and
Communications Security, CCS 16, pages 254269, 2016.
26. L. Masinter, T. Berners-Lee, and R.T. Fielding. Uniform resource identifier (uri):
Generic syntax. 2005.
27. D.L. McGuinness, F. Van Harmelen, et al. Owl web ontology language overview.
W3C recommendation, 10(10):2004, 2004.
28. Business Process Model. Notation (bpmn) version 2.0. Object Management Group
specification, 2011. http://www.bpmn.org.
29. O. Morten. How firms overcome weak international contract enforcement: repeated
interaction, collective punishment and trade finance. Collective Punishment and
Trade Finance (January 22, 2015), 2015.
30. M.A. Musen. The protege project: A look back and a look forward. AI matters,
1(4):412, 2015.
31. S. Nakamoto. Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system. Consulted,
1(2012):28, 2008.
32. N.C. Narendra, A. Norta, M. Mahunnah, L. Ma, and F.M. Maggi. Sound conflict
management and resolution for virtual-enterprise collaborations. Service Oriented
Computing and Applications, 10(3):233251, 2016.
33. A. Norta. Exploring Dynamic Inter-Organizational Business Process Collaboration. PhD thesis, Technology University Eindhoven, Department of Information
Systems, 2007.
34. A. Norta. Creation of Smart-Contracting Collaborations for Decentralized Autonomous Organizations, pages 317. Springer International Publishing, Cham,
2015.
35. A. Norta. Establishing Distributed Governance Infrastructures for Enacting CrossOrganization Collaborations, pages 2435. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, Berlin, Heidelberg, 2016.
36. A. Norta and P. Grefen. Discovering Patterns for Inter-Organizational Business
Collaboration. International Journal of Cooperative Information Systems (IJCIS),
16:507  544, 2007.
37. A. Norta, P. Grefen, and N.C Narendra. A reference architecture for managing
dynamic inter-organizational business processes. Data & Knowledge Engineering,
91(0):52  89, 2014.
38. A. Norta and L. Kutvonen. A cloud hub for brokering business processes as a service: A rendezvous platform that supports semi-automated background checked
partner discovery for cross-enterprise collaboration. In SRII Global Conference
(SRII), 2012 Annual, pages 293302, July 2012.

Self-Aware Contracts

35

39. A. Norta, L. Ma, Y. Duan, A. Rull, M. Kolvart, and K. Taveter. eContractual
choreography-language properties towards cross-organizational business collaboration. Journal of Internet Services and Applications, 6(1):123, 2015.
40. A. Norta, K. Nyman-Metcalf, A.B. Othman, and A. Rull. aAIJmy agent will not
let me talk to the generalaAI: Software agents as a tool against internet scams. In
The Future of Law and eTechnologies, pages 1144. Springer, 2016.
41. A. Norta, A. B. Othman, and K. Taveter. Conflict-resolution lifecycles for governed decentralized autonomous organization collaboration. In Proceedings of the
2015 2Nd International Conference on Electronic Governance and Open Society:
Challenges in Eurasia, EGOSE 15, pages 244257, New York, NY, USA, 2015.
ACM.
42. Aafaf Ouaddah, Anas Abou Elkalam, and Abdellah Ait Ouahman. Towards a
Novel Privacy-Preserving Access Control Model Based on Blockchain Technology
in IoT, pages 523533. Springer International Publishing, Cham, 2017.
43. R. Ragunathan, I. Lee, L. Sha, and J. Stankovic. Cyber-physical systems: The next
computing revolution. In Proceedings of the 47th Design Automation Conference,
DAC 10, pages 731736, New York, NY, USA, 2010. ACM.
44. T. Roxenhall and P. Ghauri. Use of the written contract in long-lasting business
relationships. Industrial Marketing Management, 33(3):261  268, 2004.
45. A. Rull, E. Taks, and A. Norta. Towards software-agent enhanced privacy protection. In Regulating eTechnologies in the European Union, pages 7394. Springer,
2014.
46. J. Rumbaugh, I. Jacobson, and G. Booch. Unified Modeling Language Reference
Manual, The (2Nd Edition). Pearson Higher Education, 2004.
47. Nick Russell, Arthur HM Ter Hofstede, David Edmond, and Wil MP van der
Aalst. Workflow data patterns: Identification, representation and tool support. In
Conceptual ModelingER 2005, pages 353368. Springer, 2005.
48. Nick Russell, Wil MP van der Aalst, Arthur HM ter Hofstede, and David Edmond.
Workflow resource patterns: Identification, representation and tool support. In
Advanced Information Systems Engineering, pages 216232. Springer, 2005.
49. L. Sterling and K. Taveter. The art of agent-oriented modeling. MIT Press, 2009.
50. M. Vukolic. The quest for scalable blockchain fabric: Proof-of-work vs. bft replication. In International Workshop on Open Problems in Network Security, pages
112125. Springer, 2015.
51. M. Vukolic. The Quest for Scalable Blockchain Fabric: Proof-of-Work vs. BFT
Replication, pages 112125. Springer International Publishing, Cham, 2016.
52. I. Weber, X. Xu, R. Riveret, G. Governatori, A. Ponomarev, and J. Mendling.
Untrusted Business Process Monitoring and Execution Using Blockchain, pages
329347. Springer International Publishing, Cham, 2016.
53. G. Wood. Ethereum: A secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger.
Ethereum Project Yellow Paper, 2014.

The BarterDEX
Whitepaper - Draft v0.4

A Decentralized, Open-Source Cryptocurrency Exchange,
Powered by Atomic-Swap Technology
Created by The Komodo Organization

Introductory Note from Komodo
This whitepaper is a detailed explanation of the BarterDEX protocola decentralized method of
exchanging cryptocurrencies via atomic-swap technology, without counterparty risk. The
creation of this protocol is part of a larger open-source project known as Komodo.
Many readers of this whitepaper may be interested to understand how the BarterDEX protocol
fits into the overall vision of the Komodo project. Such readers are currently finding it difficult to
locate relevant and simplified information regarding Komodo, due to the projects technical
complexity and comparatively young age. As a team, we are working diligently to provide
simplified explanations of Komodos open-source technology, and the BarterDEX whitepaper is
but one step forward.
To summarize the Komodo project in one sentence:
Komodo is to blockchain technology what Linux is to operating systems.
The Komodo project is an advancement in the causes of the decentralization and open-source
movements; we focus on blockchain technology.
Therefore, while The BarterDEX itself is necessary as we work to further the Komodo endeavor,
it is also ultimately separate from Komodo. Were we to design The BarterDEX to be
permanently locked to Komodo, it would make Komodo a centralized point of control. This
would be contrary to the principles of decentralization and open-source development.
We are actively developing various other technologies that will interact with The BarterDEX.
Watch for more information about these associated projects on our website:
komodoplatform.com
- The Komodo Team, November 21, 2017

Abstract
The BarterDEX allows people to trade cryptocurrency coins without a counterparty risk. The
protocol is open-source and trading is available for any coin that any developers choose to
connect to The BarterDEX. The parent project, Komodo, freely provides BarterDEX technology
through open-source philosophy. Our service fully realizes decentralized order matching, trade
clearing, and settlement. The order-matching aspect uses a low-level pubkey-to-pubkey
messaging protocol, and the final settlement is executed through an atomic cross-chain
protocol. Like any exchange, our decentralized alternative requires liquidity, and we provide
methods and incentives therein.

Introduction
The current, most practical method for cryptocurrency exchange requires the use of centralized
exchange services. Such centralized solutions require vouchers to perform the exchange.
Among many dangers present in this system, end-users are under the constant risk of their
assets being stolen either by an inside theft or by an outside hack. Furthermore, the operators
of centralized exchanges can exhibit bias in how they facilitate trading among their users. To
eliminate such dangers and limitations requires the creation of a decentralized-exchange
alternative.
Among all the centralized exchanges, trading tends to coalesce around a few of the most
popular. There is a reason for this behavior. Trading via vouchers is fast; a central exchange
can swap internal vouchers instantaneously, whereas trading actual cryptocurrencies through
human-to-human coordination requires communication from both parties. It requires waiting for
blockchain miners to calculate transaction confirmations. The speed advantage of a centralized
exchange, therefore, creates a compounding effect on the centralization of traders. The faster
processing time of vouchers attracts more people: the increased presence of traders creates
higher liquidity: with more liquidity, the exchange can feature better prices: the higher quality of
prices in turn attracts a larger community, and the cycle begins again. This effect is the reason
that a few centralized exchanges dominate with high-volume trading, while smaller exchanges
both centralized and decentralizedsuffer from a lack of liquidity.

The Beginnings and Travails of Decentralized Exchanges
In 2014 a project called The MultiGateway created one of the first decentralized resources for
trading cryptocurrencies. The MultiGateway relied on a separate, though related, blockchain
project called The Nxt Asset Exchange. The latter facilitated the decentralized exchange of
blockchain coins by using proxy tokens (as opposed to vouchers), and these proxy tokens
represented external cryptocurrencies (such as Bitcoin).
The underlying technology of this solution is still in use by many blockchain platforms, but the
proxy-token protocol is too limited to compete with centralized exchanges. Because trading by

the means of proxy tokens requires trading on an actual blockchain, the trading process loses
the speed of a centralized exchange. Also, a proxy-token decentralized exchange must still
have a storage center to hold the external cryptocurrencies represented by the proxy tokens. At
best, this storage center is only distributed, and therefore end-users are under the same
counterparty risk that exists in centralized exchanges. Furthermore, the process of trading on
proxy-token platforms requires using a set of gateways (i.e. The MultiGateway) to convert
external native coins (such as Bitcoin) to and from the affiliated proxy tokens. Together, these
many problems make the proxy-token method of decentralized trading an impractical solution.
Therefore, a decentralized exchange alternative that seeks to successfully remove the threats
and limitations of centralized-exchange services must feature the same speed, liquidity, and
convenience of a centralized exchange. As of today, no decentralized exchange has
successfully replaced any of their centralized counterparts.

The BarterDEX: A Complete Solution
We now present a new decentralized technology that we believe makes a competitive
decentralized exchange possible. We call our technology The BarterDEX, and it allows people
to freely and safely exchange cryptocurrency coins from person to person.
The BarterDEX decentralized exchange creates a competitive method for bartering
cryptocurrencies, combining three key components: order matching, trade clearing, and liquidity
provision. These components are combined into a single integrated system that allows users to
make a request to trade their coins, find a suitable trading partner, and complete the trade using
an atomic cross-chain protocol. Additionally, The BarterDEX provides a layer of privacy during
the order-matching process, enabling two nodes to perform a peer-to-peer atomic swap without
any direct IP contact.
The order matching component is the process of pairing an end-users offer to buy with
another end-users offer to sell. This component is not the actual trade itself, but is only a
digitally created promise between end-users stating that they will perform their parts of the
trade.
The order-matching process is achieved by algorithms that define how the orders are paired,
and in which order they are fulfilled.
After a successful order-matching execution, the next component is the clearing aspect of the
trade, wherein end-users must fulfill their promises. This is the process wherein the assets are
swapped between the trading parties. The BarterDEX facilitates this process and assures the
safety of the users therein.
Recall that in previous decentralized exchanges there lies a problem when an exchange has
low liquidity. The BarterDEX solves this problem by creating Liquidity Provider Nodes (LP
nodes). LPs are trading parties that act as market-makers, buying and selling assets. They
provide liquidity to the exchange, and make their profit from the spread between bid and ask

orders. LPs bring price stability to the market, and facilitate end-users in making fast and
efficient trades.

Improvements in Our Current BarterDEX Iteration
The BarterDEX is the result of years of development and iterated versions, with each iteration
adding the next layer of required functionality to achieve our eventual goal of large-scale
adoption.
With this incarnation, The BarterDEX adds support for SPV Electrum-based coins, as well as
dozens of normal bitcoin-protocol coins running native-coin daemons. Internally, the SPV
aspect of a coin is abstracted so that most of the API calls work transparently for these SPVmode coins and native-coin daemons.
The BarterDEX also enables a feature known as Liquidity Multiplication, a protocol that allows
the same funds to be used in multiple requests on BarterDEX orderbooks. The first request to
fill completes the trade, and all the other outstanding requests are immediately cancelled.
Liquidity Multiplication therefore allows an initial amount of funding to create an exponentially
higher amount of liquidity on the exchange. This also provides a special advantage for traders
that like to wait for below-market dumps. While this feature is something that any other
exchange could implement, very few do; on the BarterDEX, all orderbook entries are 100%
backed by real funds, as opposed to a centralized exchanges vouchers, which are not as
reliable and therefore would present yet another danger for their end-users.

The BarterDEX API
It is possible to create an API model that is the same for all coinswith the obvious exceptions
of the electrum-API call itself, and within some of the returned JSON files that have different
calls, such as listunspent.
Furthermore, the underlying technology of the BarterDEX enables the API to treat all bitcoinprotocol compatible coins with a universal-coin model. Therefore, when working with the
BarterDEX API, an independent developer working to feature their coin on The BarterDEX need
only use the API coin symbol to receive the full set of BarterDEX features. A coin that is not
built on the bitcoin-protocol CheckLockTimeVerify (CLTV) feature can still take advantage of the
liquidity-taker side of the BarterDEX API.
For a coin to work in native mode, it must have a <gettxout> RPC call; if the coin has the CLTV
opcode, it can be both the liquidity provider and the liquidity taker. For coins using SPV, The
BarterDEX only supports the liquidity-taking side (for overall network-performance reasons).
Also, we assume that any trader with ambitions of being a serious liquidity provider should also
be serious enough to install the coin daemon for the coins they are trading, as this will increase
their speed of processing.

BarterDEX Technology
Before we get into details regarding the nature of atomic swaps, there are several aspects of
The BarterDEX that are critical to understand.

Order Matching
The first is the decentralized orderbook (which we briefly encountered earlier when speaking
about Liquidity Multiplication). The orderbook is the collection of bids and offers that end-users
place on the network. To create our orderbook, The BarterDEX creates a custom peer-to-peer
network that employs two separate types of nodes: a full-relay node and a non-relay node.

Order Matching with Full-Relay and Non-Relay Nodes
The difference between a full-relay node and a non-relay node is that the former is typically a
high-volume trader who provides liquidity to the network in exchange for being a trading hub on
the network. This puts him in the position of being able to complete trades more quickly than his
trading competitors. The latter type of node (non-relay) is the more common user, who engages
with The BarterDEX exchange when trading one cryptocurrency for another, given the users
daily motivations.
There are no requirements or payments necessary to become either type of node, and so
anyone desiring to become a high-volume full-relay node will find no restrictions. To be
successful as a full-relay node, however, one must be able to carry out transactions on the
network with a competitive Internet connection and high-capacity bandwidth.
There are several incentives encouraging users to become full-relay nodes, as these types of
nodes are necessary to build the backbone of The BarterDEX network. One incentive to run a
full-relay node is that by being at the center of a wide network of non-relay nodes, the full-relay
node has better connectivity and thus a higher chance of being the first to complete a trade.
Furthermore, those who have a significant share in the Komodo asset chain, DEX (which pays
dividends based on The BarterDEX network performance), will likely desire to be a full-relay
node to encourage high rates of return. Incentives such as these should ensure a sufficiency of
nodes.
A non-relay node has all the same available trading options. Non-relay nodes are only limited,
naturally, in terms of the total number of connections they maintain to other users. We expect
that the vast majority of nodes joining the network will be non-relay nodes.
In theory, roughly 100 full-relay nodes should be able to support thousands (if not tens of
thousands) of non-relay nodes, thus providing a large and high-volume network. We have
performed all the necessary internal stress tests necessary for predictions of our limitations, and
we are now in the process of achieving real-world implementation, where we expect to discover
our actual limitations.

When these limitations do arise, we do have various contingencies in place, one of which is the
creation of clusters. It is possible to create clusters of BarterDEX nodes that are separate from
other clusters on the network. To achieve this, when one cluster approaches a level of user load
that is overcapacity, users can opt to seed a new cluster by creating an independent set of seed
nodes. This feature amplifies the scalability of The BarterDEX network, as it allows clusters of
users to form in accordance with user desires. We assume that at large scales there will be
sufficient inventory in the orderbooks for clusters to provide ample asset liquidity, especially if
the act of partitioning into a new cluster is based on trading a coin that is overcrowded.
Furthermore, as we continue to develop this new technology, we may also create a protocol that
will allow these separate clusters to share their orderboards via bridge nodes, which in theory
can act to cross-pollinate desired orders from one cluster to another.
To optimize the network load, we minimize the hierarchical transmission of the orderbooks and
the fetching of data. There are also several different methods of obtaining data by which we can
maximize the number of nodes that can fully connect to the BarterDEX network.

Jumblr Technology Adds Privacy
While The BarterDEX does not require non-relaying nodes to publicly share their IP addresses,
it is important to note that The BarterDEX itself is not private. Instead, we use Jumblr, an
accompanying Komodo technology, to provide privacy options.
On the surface, non-relaying nodes perform addressing via a <curve25519> pubkey, and the IP
address of one non-relaying node is normally not directly shared with their accompanying nonrelaying trading partner. However, full-relay nodes are capable of monitoring IP addresses at
the lower levels of the network, and therefore a malicious actor would be able to link IP
addresses of non-relay nodes to pubkeys, thus uncovering the most crucial aspects of their
privacy. Therefore, users should assume that if privacy is important for their given trading
activity, they need to employ Komodos additional privacy technology, Jumblr. (To learn more
about Jumblr, please visit: https://github.com/jl777/komodo)

The Roots in Iguana Core
The BarterDEX itself is a fork of one our earliest codebase experiments, Iguana Core. The
technology underlying Iguana Core is complex and to fully explain would require a separate
whitepaper. To briefly summarize, the Iguana codebase is a collection of customized
technologies that enable many of the features that The BarterDEX and other Komodo
technologies now provide. Iguana is primarily coded in the C programming languagethe
language of choice of our lead developer and Komodo founder, JL777.
Note to Users: Some of the features that Iguana Core enables are highly advanced, and
therefore users interacting with The BarterDEX and other Iguana-compatible GUI software
applications should always perform proper research and exercise caution.

All BarterDEX transactions that use the atomic-swap protocol are created and signed in a
format that is managed by the Iguana Core codebase. This enables a powerful combination of
features.
One specific feature is a specialty wallet that can manage and trade among a multiplicity of
different blockchain coins. To explain the significance of this multi-coin wallet feature, let us
observe how a standalone GUI app formerly interacted with cryptocurrencies.
Previously, for a GUI software application to manage cryptocurrencies, the software application
usually required the creation of a wallet.dat file, which is locally stored on the users computer.
This wallet.dat file held the privkeys (passwords that unlock funds on a blockchain) and other
encryption-enabled protocols necessary for the user to manage funds. There are many
limitations in the wallet.dat method; for instance, typically only one software application should
access the wallet.dat file at a time, to prevent data conflict and corruption.
The Iguana Core codebase enables the user to interact with their funds on the blockchain(s)
without requiring a wallet.dat file. Because the Iguana Core codebase works with raw
transaction data, the codebase allows a user to first create and then manage a public
blockchain smartaddress that can be accessed from anywhere, by any compatible standalone
GUI, simply with a passphrase that unlocks their privkey.
To maintain control over their funds without requiring a wallet.dat file, users need only create a
smartaddress and then retain a copy of the accompanying passphrase (typically a collection of
12 to 24 common dictionary words arranged in a specific order) that is provided at the moment
of creation. By entering this passphrase into an Iguana Core compatible standalone GUI app,
Iguana Core then activates their <privkey>, which then enables users to manage their funds.
Furthermore, the smartaddress created by Iguana Core can manage and maintain multiple
types of coins and other blockchain assets. When a user sends any compatible coin to the
smartaddress, Iguana Core stores those coins in a separate address that is compatible with the
appropriate blockchain, and links this subaddress to the smartaddress of the user.
Therefore, in the underlying Iguana code, each of the unique coins gets an address that is
compatible with its own blockchain, but the smartaddress enables the user to access these
coins all at once. Funds deposited to this smartaddress are automatically eligible for trading,
and therefore a BarterDEX GUI app can work with speed to enable users to trade between a
multiplicity of coins.
One key function of the Iguana codebase that makes this possible is the <withdraw> command
in the Iguana API. It is this command that allows individual GUI apps, such as a standalone
BarterDEX GUI app, to work with the underlying funds in the users addresses.
Notice several of the freedoms this provides to the user. All the funds are only spendable by the
user with the passphrase, and because there is no need for a wallet.dat file to be stored locally,
there is less danger (though users should exercise caution) of data corruption between different
standalone software applications all accessing these funds.

Therefore, an end-user can have a standalone BarterDEX GUI app running on their local
machine, which they use to trade, and can also have a separate standalone GUI wallet app that
is managing their long-term cryptocurrency holdings.
This also allows standalone GUI applications that are Iguana Core compatible to support each
other. For instance, while a BarterDEX GUI can run without any native-coin daemon process
running in the background simply by relying on Iguana Core and public Electrum SPV servers,
the BarterDEX GUI can also work with a native wallets coin daemon background process to
coordinate blockchain synchronization.
For instance, a Komodo user may run the Komodo Agama wallet, which runs a native Komodo
coin daemon (and has a local wallet.dat file), alongside a BarterDEX GUI app. Iguana Core can
then enable the BarterDEX GUI to rely on the native coin daemon running in the background of
the Komodo Agama wallet, which speeds up the trading process for an end-user, as they do not
have to wait for the public Electrum servers to update.
There is one caution with this, however, and it requires a deeper understanding of how Unspent
Transaction technology, or UTXOs, work in the bitcoin-protocol (which we will explain later).
To briefly summarize this caution: The important thing for users to understand is that they
should be careful not to spend the same funding in two different standalone apps. In other
words, if they are trading with funds in a BarterDEX GUI, they should not also try to spend those
funds in their Agama Wallet (or another Iguana-compatible wallet). Instead, they should wait for
both apps to be in sync before moving forward.

UTXOs: An Elusive, Yet Fundamental Concept
The BarterDEX relies heavily on a rarely understood technology called the UTXO (short for
Unspent Transaction) which was created in the original Bitcoin protocol. This technology is
fundamental to the operations of any blockchain project that utilizes the original Bitcoin protocol.
However, even the most active of cryptocurrency users rarely know what UTXOs are or why
they exist.
Because UTXOs play an important part in The BarterDEX, and to provide a pleasant user
experience, it is essential we adequately explain the UTXO concept. In the future, as the
technology surrounding The BarterDEX iterates, and as the cryptocurrency community
continues to learn, we hope that the concept of UTXOs will be less taxing on a users learning
curve.
To begin our explanation of UTXOs, let us first examine the language of a common user when
describing how much cryptocurrency money they have and how they perceive that money as a
whole. We will therefore need to understand the concept of satoshis, the way a blockchain
handles the collection and distribution of funds, and how we work with this technology when
trading on The BarterDEX.

Comparing the UTXO to Fiat Money
Let us assume a cryptocurrency user, whom we name Michael, has $10,000 in his physical
wallet. Naturally, when Michael thinks about the amount of physical (or fiat) money he has, he
says to himself, I have $10,000.
However, there is no such thing as a $10,000-dollar bill. Instead, Michael actually has a
collection of smaller bills stacked together. For instance, he could have a stack of $100-dollar
bills, the total of which equals $10,000 dollars.
If Michael goes to purchase an item that costs $1, and he only has $100-dollar bills in his wallet,
to make his purchase he will take out a single $100-dollar bill and give it to the cashier. The
cashier then breaks that $100-dollar bill down into a series of smaller bills. The cost for the item,
$1, remains with the cashier, and the cashier then provides changeperhaps in the form of one
$50-dollar bill, two $20-dollar bills, one $5-dollar bill, and four $1-dollar bills.
Michael now thinks to himself, I have $9,999. Specifically, however, he has ninety-nine $100dollar bills, a $50-dollar bill, two $20-dollar bills, one $5-dollar bill, and four $1-dollar bills.
We emphasize that not only does he not have ten thousand $1-dollar bills, he also does not
have one million pennies ($0.01). Furthermore, because pennies are the smallest divisible unit
of value in Michaels wallet, we could point out that each bill is a collection of its respective units
of pennies. For instance, a $1-dollar bill in Michaels wallet we could describe as, a bill that
represents a collection of one hundred pennies and their value.

Understanding Cryptocurrencies and Their UTXOs
A Satoshi is The Smallest Divisible Unit of a Cryptocurrency
Continuing with our explanation of UTXOs, we next need to understand the concept of
satoshis. (The name satoshi is derived in honor of the anonymous person(s) who wrote the
original Bitcoin whitepaper.) By convention in the cryptocurrency community, one satoshi is
equal to one unit of a coin at the smallest divisible level. For instance, 1 satoshi of Bitcoin is
equal to 0.00000001 BTC.
Let us suppose now that Michael has 9.99000999 BTC (Bitcoin) in his digital wallet. Assuming
Michael correctly understands the concept of satoshis, Michael could say to himself, I have
nine hundred and ninety-nine million, nine hundred and ninety-nine satoshis of bitcoin.
This is how Michael might mentally perceive the collection of money that exists in his digital
wallet, similar to how he perceives the $9,999 in his fiat wallet.

A UTXO is a Packet of Satoshis, just as a Fiat Dollar Bill is a Packet of Pennies
Recall now that with fiat money, Michael did not think about how his original $10,000 was
comprised of smaller individual $100-dollar bills. Similarly, Michael also does not think about
how his 9.99000999 BTC could be comprised of smaller collections of satoshis.
Furthermore, just as Michael did not carry around fiat money as a collection of pennies, he also
is not carrying around a raft of satoshis. Were he to try to carry a million pennies in his physical
wallet, the weight of the wallet would be unmanageable. Similarly, if the Bitcoin protocol were to
attempt to manage nine hundred and ninety-nine million, nine-hundred and ninety-nine satoshis,
the data weight would be so heavy, the Bitcoin protocol would be enormous and
unmanageable.
To optimize data weight, the Bitcoin protocol therefore bundles up the satoshis into something
that is similar to the example of dollar bills earlier, but with one important difference. (In fact,
here is where the Bitcoin protocol exercises a superiority over fiat money by deviating from the
way that fiat money bundles smaller values into larger values.)
In fiat money, one hundred pennies are bundled into a one-dollar bill, which can then be
bundled into a larger bill, and so on. All the sizes of fiat money are preset and predetermined by
the issuer of the fiat money when they print their bills and coins.
The Bitcoin protocol, however, does not need to pre-plan the sizes of bills (i.e. the collections
of satoshis) in the owners wallet. Bitcoin is freer in this sense; it can shift and change the sizes
of its bills at will because there is no need to accommodate for the printing of physical coins
and paper.
Instead, the Bitcoin protocol allows for the developer of digital wallets to write code that can
optimize how bitcoin satoshis are packaged into bills, and thus the community of developers
can work together to keep the data weight of the blockchain manageable. The better the digitalwallet developer, the more efficient the size of the bills (a.k.a. the packets or collections of
satoshis).
The Bitcoin protocol does have one limitation, however: It must keep track of how these
satoshis are being collected into larger bills in everyones digital wallets. After all, this is the
very idea of Bitcoin: everything happens under the public eye, where it can be verified. Because
the Bitcoin blockchain must keep track of the sizes of these packets of satoshis, the only time
the packets can be assembled or disassembled into larger and smaller sizes is at the moment
when the user is spending money on the public blockchain. This is the moment when the user is
under the public eye, and therefore his actions need to be verifiable. (To compare this to fiat
money, consider the effect created were Michael to cut a $100-dollar bill into smaller pieces: the
$100-dollar bill would no longer be considered a valid form of currency.)
Because bitcoin is so flexible, and because the word bill does not well describe this
flexibleness, we do not use the word bill in cryptocurrencies. In fact, we have yet to come up
with a sonorous word for a packet of satoshis. For the time being, we simply use the word that
the original bitcoin developers provided, UTXO, which stands for Unspent Transaction. As

mentioned, the packet can be any size; the developer of the spenders software wallet
application decides on this process. Most importantly, and to reiterate, a UTXO can only be
resized during the process of spending, as this is the moment when the user interacts with the
public blockchain.
To further clarify this, let us return to Michaels example with fiat money. Recall that when
Michael went to purchase a $1-dollar item, he only had $100-dollar bills in his wallet. He had to
give out one $100-dollar bill, and then receive a broken-down collection of dollar bills in return.
This is exactly how it works with UTXOs. Michael has a collection of UTXOs in his digital wallet,
and when he goes to buy something, he will give out UTXOs until he surpasses how much he
owes, and then the extra change from the last UTXO used will be broken down and returned to
him.
For example, let us suppose that Michaels 9.99000999 BTC is comprised of three UTXOs
worth the following values:

UTXOs in Michaels Wallet
UTXO #1:

0.50000000 BTC

UTXO #2:

0.49000999 BTC

UTXO #3:

9.00000000 BTC

Total:

9.99000999 BTC

Michael now desires to purchase an item that costs 0.60000000 BTC. He will have to hand out
enough UTXOs from his wallet until he covers the costs of this transaction, just as he would if
he were using fiat money. The Bitcoin protocol calculates the change from the transaction and
then returns his change to him.
Remember that there is a fee when spending money on a blockchain. Since we are using
Bitcoin in this example, the fee would be paid to cryptocurrency miners. Let us imagine that the
fee the miners charge Michael is 999 satoshis.
We begin by looking at how Michael would see the process of making the purchase, assuming
he does not understand the concept of UTXOs. For now, Michael only understands how much is
in his wallet at the satoshi level as he conducts his transaction:

9.99000999 BTC - The amount Michael initially owns
- 0.60000000 BTC - The amount Michael sends to the digital cashier for his purchase

- 0.00000999 BTC - The network fee paid to miners
9.39000000 BTC - The amount left in his wallet

This deduction for his purchase all appears very simple to Michaela testament to the Bitcoin
protocols effective design.
In the background, however, the digital wallet handles the UTXOs and the change process in a
manner as determined by the programmer. In Michaels example, let us assume that it proceeds
this way:

The wallet first brings out UTXO #1, which is worth 0.50000000 BTC:
0.60000999 BTC - The total amount that Michael owes to the cashier and network
- 0.50000000 BTC - The wallet sends the full value of UTXO #1 to the digital cashier
0.10000999 BTC - This is the remaining total amount that Michael still owes

The wallet now brings out UTXO #2, which is worth 0.49000999 BTC:
This UTXO is broken down or shattered into smaller pieces.
0.49000999 BTC - The size of Michaels UTXO #2, now in the process of change
- 0.10000000 BTC - This shatter of UTXO #2 goes to the cashier (payment fulfilled)
- 0.00000999 BTC - This shatter of UTXO #2 pays the network fee to the miners
0.39000000 BTC - This last shatter now returns to Michaels wallet as a new UTXO

Michael now has one new UTXO in his wallet, and it is worth 0.39000000 BTC:
Michaels New Wallet State:
UTXO #3:

9.00000000 BTC

UTXO #4:

0.39000000 BTC

Total:

9.39000000 BTC

If Michael wants to buy something later, these UTXOs will have to be broken up once more,
according to the costs and programming of the digital wallet. Again, whatever is left over from
his last UTXO comes back to his own wallet as a new UTXO.
Now let us suppose that Michael receives 0.4 BTC from someone else. In Michaels wallet, he
will see a total of 9.79 BTC. However, in his wallet there are now actually three UTXOs:

Michaels New Wallet State:
UTXO #3:

9.00000000 BTC

UTXO #4:

0.39000000 BTC

UTXO #5:

0.40000000 BTC

Total:

9.79000000 BTC

As a result, the number and sizes of UTXOs in Michaels wallet will vary over time. He may have
many smaller UTXOs that make up his full balance, or sometimes he might just have one large
UTXO that comprises all of it. For Michael, it is normally possible to ignore this since the wallet
developer could handle everything automatically.
However, understanding the nature of The BarterDEX currently encourages users to understand
UTXOs, as the process relies on their UTXO inventory during trading, as explained below.

Trading on The BarterDEX
From our point of view as developers, the most difficult aspect of creating The BarterDEX was in
matching the inventory of UTXOs between trading partners.
To illustrate this complexity, let us briefly return to the example of Michael and fiat currency. If
Michael had only a $50-dollar bill in his wallet, and wanted to spend $35 dollars at a video
arcade. He needs to trade $35 for the equivalent number of video-game tokens. However, he
can only work with the bill that is in his wallet to trade for the tokens.
In a typical arcade, this process is simple. There are just two currencieshis dollars and the
video game tokensand he will have a human cashier available to manage the trade. He gives
the $50-dollar bill to the human cashier, and the cashier returns $15 dollars in dollar bills, and
$35 dollars worth of video-game tokens.
In creating The BarterDEX, however, our goal is to decentralize all points of control. (The
cashier, in this sense, is a centralized authority who could be corrupted or could commit
human error). That means that we cannot have a human cashier present in The BarterDEX to

trade Michaels three UTXOs into their appropriate sizes when he wants to swap for other
currencies.
A further challenge lies in the number of currencies. For The BarterDEX there are not just two
coins, but myriad currencies, with many users, each having a variety of unique UTXO sizes in
their wallets. Furthermore, the trading happens in real-time, through automation, on a
decentralized peer-to-peer network, supporting a countless number of separate blockchain
projects, while providing a speed and (eventually) liquidity comparable to that of a centralized
exchange. All of this must be accomplished while maintaining a level of security and safety that
only decentralization can provide.
Finally, imagine if there were no cashier to break down Michaels $50-dollar bill. What if instead,
he had to approach other arcade customers to barter for their tokens? This would create a
difficult scenario for Michael.
In its current iteration (continuing the use of the $50-dollar metaphor as applied to UTXOs), we
limit The BarterDEXs capability to only perform a trade for Michaels $50-dollar bill in exchange
for the currency that another customer holds. The BarterDEX does not provide a service
whereby Michael can break down his $50-dollar bill into a convenient set of $10-dollar and $5dollar bills for trading. He must give up his full $50-dollar bill for whatever he wants in return.
The process of breaking down UTXO inventory, therefore, is both in the hands of the user and
in those of the developers creating the standalone GUI apps. We are working with our
community to simplify this process. Naturally, it is complex and will take time. Therefore, we
recommend that users who engage with The BarterDEX have a basic understanding of their
UTXO inventory and how they are bartering with other users before using it.

How The BarterDEX Deals with Order Offers and UTXOs
When a BarterDEX user offers a trade to the network, the BarterDEX protocol itself does not
prioritize the total number of satoshis that the user offers. Instead, The BarterDEX simply looks
through the users inventory for the largest-sized UTXO that is below the amount the user
offered.
For example, let us suppose that Michael has 100.01287001 KMD (Komodo coin) in his wallet.
It is comprised of three UTXOs:

Michaels Initial Wallet State:
UTXO #1:

90.00000000 KMD

UTXO #2:

00.01287001 KMD

UTXO #3:

10.00000000 KMD

Total:

100.01287001 KMD

Michael wants to trade 50.00 KMD on the BarterDEX network. He puts out an order for an
alternate cryptocurrency called MNZ (Monaize), and he wants to exchange in a 1:1 ratio.
The BarterDEX itself will not attempt to manage for Michaels misunderstanding of his UTXO
inventory. (The developer of Michaels standalone software could try to help him, but that is a
separate matter.) Rather, The BarterDEX will simply look through his inventory for the largest
UTXO that is below the total amount he offered. In this example, The BarterDEX will select his
UTXO #3, worth 10 KMD. The BarterDEX will then calculate the necessary fee, which so
happens to be exactly equal to the amount of UTXO #2: 0.01287001 KMD.
The BarterDEX can then take these two UTXOs and facilitate a trade for MNZ in a 1:1 price
ratio. Michaels final wallet appears as so:

Michaels Final Wallet State:
UTXO #1:

90.00000000 KMD

UTXO #3:

10.00000000 MNZ

Total:

90.00000000 KMD
10.00000000 MNZ

It is up to Michael, or to the creators of any standalone GUI wallet, to manage the UTXOs. The
BarterDEX only manages the matching of the UTXOs once they are created.

Detailed Explanations of The BarterDEX Process
With an understanding of the specifics of what The BarterDEX is actually trading, we can now
approach an explanation of how the trading procedure occurs.

Atomic Swaps on The Komodo BarterDEX
To facilitate trading among users, The BarterDEX implements a variation of the Atomic Swap
protocol as described by Tier Nolan on BitcoinTalk.org. The original concept provided by Tier
Nolan can be said to be ahead of its time, as it is both complex and relies conceptually on
technology that yet does not exist. Therefore, to create our Atomic Swap protocol, we adapted
for the current technology. A thorough study of Nolans original exposition can provide a solid

background into the tradeoffs that we made as we selected our final version of the atomic-swap
protocol.
We emphasize to the reader that the key aspect that we maintained from the original concept is
that at each step there are both incentives to proceed to the next step in the proper manner, and
disincentives to avoid abandoning the procedure. With this structure in place, regardless of
where the protocol stops, each party receives their proper reward. If a party attempts to deviate
from the proper path, their funding is penalized to the point of eliminating any potential rewards
a user could gain by acting maliciously. These incentives and disincentives create the
foundation for the requisite trustless nature of our atomic-swap protocol.

Meet Alice and Bob
To understand why the atomic-swap protocol is necessary, it is first important to recall that
computer code is executed in linear fashion. Even if we were to assume that both parties in a
trade may be honest, on a computer the process of taking money from each digital wallet and
pulling the money into the open must happen one wallet at a time. Therefore, one person must
send out their money first. The atomic-swap protocol protects that person from vulnerability.
Without the atomic swap, any malicious party involved (whether it be a full-relay node, trading
partner, or other external agent) would be able to destroy the fairness of the trade.
There are two parties in an atomic swap: the liquidity provider and the liquidity receiver. Once
the process of an atomic swap begins, the behavior of each partys public trading profile is
recorded and added to their reputation on The BarterDEX network.
The process of an atomic swap begins with the person who makes the initial requestthis is the
liquidity receiver. Let us call this person, Alice. Alice will need two UTXOs to perform her swap.
One UTXO will cover the protocol fee, which is roughly 1/777th the size of her desired order.
We call this fee the <dexfee>, and its primary purpose is to serve as a disincentive to Alice from
spamming the network with rapid requests.
The second UTXO required of Alice is the actual amount she intends to swap. The BarterDEX
first verifies that she has these funds, but for the moment she retains these funds in the safety
of her own digital wallet.
On the other side of the atomic swap, we have the liquidity providerwe call this person, Bob.
Bob sees the request on the network for Alices atomic swap and decides to accept the trade.
Now his part of the process begins.
To complete the trade, he must also have two UTXOs, but with one important difference: the
first UTXO is equal to 112.5% of the amount that Alice requested; the second UTXO is exactly
equal to the amount that Alice intends to swap. In other words, Bob must provide liquidity of
212.5% of the total amount of the currency that Alice requests.
The first UTXO (112.5%) Bob now sends out as a deposit, placed on the BarterDEX network;
the networks encryption holds the deposit safely in view, but untouchable. We call this UTXO

<bobdeposit>. It will remain there until his side of the bargain completes in full, or until Alices
request for a swap times out. Assuming Bob keeps his promises and stays alert, these funds
will be automatically returned to him at the appropriate moment.
The second UTXO (100%) he retains within the safety of his own wallet for the moment.
Performing a successful connection between Bob and Alice, and verifying their requisite
UTXOs, is the most complex and difficult aspect of creating the BarterDEX network. Myriad
factors are involved in a successful attempt for Bob and Alice to connect: human motivation; the
experience level of the users; economics; connection technology; user hardware setups; normal
variations within Internet connections; etc.
We emphasize to users here that the process of performing these actions over a peer-to-peer
network has almost an artistic element to it. An attempt to successfully connect Bob and Alice
can be thought of more like fishing, where we must simply cast and recast our line until we
successfully connect with our target. As The BarterDEX continues to iterate and improve, and
as the number of users increases, we expect any required effort to lessen for users, the
network, and the BarterDEX GUI apps.

Alice and Bob Make a Deal
Assuming Alice and Bob have now successfully connected, the process from this point forward
becomes quite simple:
(Note: in some cases, it is possible to perform an atomic swap with fewer steps, but for the sake
of brevity we will focus only on this scenario.)
From the beginning:
1. Alice requests a swap and sends the <dexfee> to the BarterDEX full-relay nodes
a. The full-relay nodes receive her request and publish it to the network
2. Bob sees the request on the network, accepts it, and sends out <bobdeposit>
a. <bobdeposit> enters a state of limbo on the BarterDEX network, held safely by
encryption, awaiting either Alice to proceed, or for the swap to time out.
i.

If the latter occurs, <bobdeposit> is automatically refunded to Bob via the
BarterDEX protocol.

3. Alice now sends her <alicepayment> to Bob
a. She does not send the payment to Bob directly, but rather into a temporary
holding wallet on the BarterDEX exchange
i.

Only Bob has access to this wallet, via the set of privkeys that only he
owns.

ii.

However, the BarterDEX code does not yet allow Bob to unlock this
temporary holding wallet; he must continue his end of the bargain first.

iii.

The <alicepayment> will remain in Bobs temporary holding wallet for a
limited amount of time, giving him the opportunity to proceed.

4. Bob now sends his <bobpayment> to Alice
a. Again, this is not sent to Alice directly, but rather into yet another temporary
holding wallet.
b. Likewise, only Alice has access to the necessary privkeys for this wallet.
c. <bobpayment> will automatically be refunded if she does not complete her part
of the process
5. Alice now spends the <bobpayment>
a. By the word spends, we simply mean that she activates her privkeys and
moves all the funds to another walletmost likely to her smartaddress wallet, as
explained earlier.
b. The BarterDEX registers that Alices temporary holding wallet successfully
spent the funds.
6. Bob spends the <alicepayment>
a. Likewise, Bob simply moves the entirety of the <alicepayment> into a wallet of
his ownagain, it will most typically be his own smartaddress.
b. The BarterDEX now knows that Bob also successfully received his money.
7. Seeing both temporary holding wallets now empty, the BarterDEX protocol recognizes
that the atomic swap was a complete success. The BarterDEX now refunds
<bobdeposit> back to Bob and the process is complete.

While it may seem inefficient to have seven transactions for a swap that could be done with two,
the complexity of this process provides us with the requisite trustless-ness to maintain user
safety.

Incentives and Disincentives to Maintain Good Behavior
As we will now explain, at every step along the way there are incentives for each side to
proceed, and there are various financial protections in place should one side fail. Also, because
payments are sent to these temporary holding wallets that exist within the BarterDEX protocol,

the protocol itself can assist in the process of moving money at the appropriate steps. Let us
now examine the incentives and disincentives at each step.

1 - Alice Sends <dexfee>
If Bob accepts the offer to trade, but does not send <bobdeposit>, Alice only stands to lose her
<dexfee> UTXO. This is only 1/777th of the entire transaction amount, so she loses very little.
Bob, on the other hand, stands to lose more. Since Bob did not follow through with his end of
the bargain, the BarterDEX network indicates on his public BarterDEX trading profile that he
failed in a commitment, thus decreasing his profiles reputation. If Bob continues this behavior
as a habit, he may find it difficult to discover trading partners.
So long as the frequency of Bobs failing is low, the occasional extra <dexfee> paid by an Alice
is a minor issue. However, if there is a sudden spike in misbehavior, the BarterDEX code has inbuilt contingency plans which can provide refunds to Alice(s), should a particular Alice node(s)
experience a large loss via <dexfee>s. This contingency plan is built into the DEX asset-chain
infrastructure.

2 - Bob Successfully Sends <bobdeposit>
If Alice does not follow with her next step, the <alicepayment>, then Alice loses not only the
<dexfee>, but she also receives a mark on her public BarterDEX profile. She gains nothing, and
Bob has no reason to fear as <bobdeposit> will automatically return to him via the BarterDEX
protocol.

3 - Alice Successfully Sends <alicepayment>
If Bob does not proceed with his next step, the <bobpayment>, then after 4 hours Alice can
simply activate a BarterDEX protocol that will allow her to claim <bobdeposit>. Recall that
<bobdeposit> is 112.5% of the original intended trade; Bob has every incentive therefore to
continue with his end of the bargain, and Alice has nothing to fear should Bob fail. She even
stands to gain a 12.5% bonus, at Bobs expense.

4 - Bob Sends <bobpayment>
Now, if Alice does not follow by spending the <bobpayment> (i.e. taking the money out of the
temporary holding wallet and into her own smartaddress), then after 2 hours Bob can activate a
BarterDEX protocol that allows him to reclaim his <bobpayment> immediately. Furthermore,
four hours later Bob may activate a refund of <bobdeposit>; Bob is safe from Alice, should she
fail. For Alice, the BarterDEX protocol allows Alice to reclaim her <alicepayment> after Bob
reclaims both of his payments.
Everything herein is recorded to the respective users BarterDEX trading profiles, ensuring their
reputations are on the line. Recall also that the BarterDEX protocol requires each step to be
performed in the proper order, thus ensuring that neither party can take any funds before the
users appropriate moment.

Thus, at this integral stage of the process, every step of the path is intricately interconnected
and maintains various levels of protection.

5 - Alice Spends <bobpayment>
At this point she is entirely through with any risk to her reputation, her <dexfee> payment, or of
the loss of her time.
If Bob does not follow by also spending the <alicepayment>, it is of no concern to Alice
because she has already received her funds. If Bob is simply sleeping and forgets to spend the
<alicepayment>, he can only hurt himself.
Naturally, for Bob this is slightly dangerous; Bobs best course of action is to remain alert and
spend the <alicepayment> once it is received.
If after four hours, Bob is still sleeping, Alice can activate a protocol that allows her to claim
<bobdeposit> (this prevents the funds from remaining frozen in the chain forever). In this
scenario, she receives both the <bobpayment> and <bobdeposit>, at only the costs of the
<alicepayment> and <dexfee>.
Bob can still make a later claim for the <alicepayment> when he regains his awareness.

6 - Bob Spends <alicepayment>
Assuming all has gone according to plan, and having spent the <alicepayment>, Bob may now
reclaim <bobdeposit>. Just as before, if Bob does not refund his own deposit, it is his loss; in
four hours Alice will be able to activate a claim on <bobdeposit>.

7 - Bob Reclaims <bobdeposit>
The process is complete. Alice received the <bobpayment>; Bob received the <alicepayment>;
Bob has <bobdeposit> back in his own possession; the entire process only cost Alice the
original <dexfee>. At each step along the way, the side that needs to take the next step is
motivated to do so, with greater and greater urgency until the process is complete.

Additional BarterDEX Atomic Swap Details
The BarterDEX implements the above series of commands in a cross-platform manner,
enabling users to atomic-swap trade with hundreds of coins of many types, including both native
coin daemon's and those that run on SPV Electrum servers. A swap that is not completed
immediately can carry on as long as the time has not expired within the BarterDEX protocol.
Naturally, users must understand that outside forces can disable the process and thereby
damage one of the users. For instance, an Internet outage for Bob could be particularly
dangerous. Therefore, users are advised only to trade manageable sums that they are willing to
put at risk, and only with nodes that have reliable reputations.

This atomic-swap protocol, with all its cryptographic validations and intricate key exchanges, is
less than half of the difficulty Komodo experienced in creating The BarterDEX. Relatively
speaking, it is "easy" to do an atomic swap in isolation between two test nodes, using UTXOs
that are carefully prepared for the test.
It is an entirely different matter to open this up to the public at large, including the enabling of
our orderbooks and order-matching features. Due to the peer-to-peer nature of The BarterDEX,
on a live network it is impossible to guarantee that a user that indicates they would like to begin
a swap will receive a successful reply.
For instance, a Bob may see a potential swap that he would like to make, but by the time his
attempt to accept the swap crosses the expanse of The Internet, someone else could have
already accepted the swap, thus leaving Bob in his original position. There are legion scenarios
wherein the initial connection can fail; once the connection is made, however, the rest of the
process maintains reliability and user safety.
Failed connection attempts only result in the loss of a few seconds of the users time, and there
is no cost associated with making a failed initiation attempt; the <dexfee> paid by an Alice never
occurs, and the BarterDEX disregards Bobs attempt to send <bobdeposit>.
Therefore, while we cannot guarantee that The BarterDEX can initiate an atomic swap that
appears to be available will ultimately connect, we can offer comfort in knowing that the users
losses in these scenarios are insubstantial.

A More Detailed Explanation of The Atomic-Swap Connection Process
The following is a brief explanation of the complex process by which The BarterDEX establishes
a connection between Alice and Bob.
For The BarterDEX to accept a request to begin an atomic swap, the code first needs to register
and create all the necessary backend elements for the <dexfee>, <AlicePayment>,
<BobDeposit>, and <BobPayment>. All four must be specified before The BarterDEX can
indicate to Alice and Bob that The BarterDEX can successfully support this atomic swap.
This is more complicated than it appears. As we explained earlier, most users do not
understand the true nature of how funds operate in a cryptocurrency. Rather, most simply view
their balance as a single conglomerate of coins that they can spend at the satoshi level. This
misperception is important to correct to understand how The BarterDEX performs an atomic
swap.
Naturally, because users have varying sizes of UTXOs in their wallets, the true challenge in
creating The BarterDEX was to create a method of maintaining a network that would coordinate
each users list of UTXOs in their wallets, and to allow them to match with other users in trading
pairs. In addition, The BarterDEX also automatically calculates the appropriate mining and
transaction fees for the blockchains involved, according to a speed that maintains an optimized
atomic-swap process.

As we created the necessary code to make the atomic swap possible, we found that it is not
practical to have the user specify which UTXO pair they have sitting in their wallet when
choosing to make a swap. This would also not be intuitive for the user. Furthermore, we did not
even want to code a way for an Alice to know the UTXOs a Bob has available at the moment of
negotiating a trade.
Instead, here is how The BarterDEX deals with the complexity of matching these unbroken and
mismatching UTXOs to process an atomic swap. It is important to note that users do not have to
have a sophisticated understanding of the backend UTXO process, and may simply trade using
either a minimal understanding of UTXO inventories, or at least rely on the support of a cleverly
coded standalone BarterDEX GUI app.
Assuming Alice has already indicated she desires to perform an atomic swap, The BarterDEX
calculates out the proper divisions of her UTXOs, defines how they will be appropriated during
the process, and sends an Alice Request" to Bob with information regarding her pair of UTXOs
(which are the <dexfee> and the <AlicePayment>). Also, The BarterDEX verifies her desired
price and volume.
Bob, the human user (or an artificial intelligence bot acting on his behalf), indicates that he is
willing to accept the trade. The automation of the BarterDEX Bob-side protocol now takes over
in the background. It validates the "Alice Request" to make sure the UTXO pair is valid, and
then the Bob-side protocol scans through Bobs UTXO inventory for the most efficient way to
create both the <BobPayment> and <BobDeposit> UTXOs.
The Bob-side protocol understands that the UTXOs will not perfectly match, and it will therefore
calculate the most efficient method of making any spare change UTXOs as needed. An
additional constraint the protocol needs to consider is that the result must match the price and
volume Alice wants to pay. Finally, it accounts for the requirement that <bobdeposit> be at least
12.5% bigger than the Alice Request. (Note that The BarterDEX is directly involved with
managing Bobs UTXOs, but is not involved with managing Alices UTXO offers.)
Once The BarterDEX verifies all these conditions, the Bob-side protocol sends back a data
packet, labeled reserved, to the Alice-side protocol to indicate that all is in order. All of this is
optimized and conducted in a manner that prevents the human Bob from having his funds
frozen in an unnecessary deposit duty, should the human Alice find another Bob in the interim.
Next, the Alice-side protocol validates the "reserved" packet from the Bob-side protocol, making
sure all the UTXOs are valid, and the protocol verifies that the price and volumes are acceptable
according to the original intent.
Assuming everything successfully validates, the Alice-side protocol sends a "connect" packet
back to the Bob-side protocol with the same parameters, indicating that her funds are now
"reserved as well.
Between the "request" being sent and the "reserved" packet being received there is a 10second timeout which prevents Alice from making further trade requests; this gives The
BarterDEX the time necessary to perform all the calculations.

(Note: This 10-second timeout also provides a contribution to what we call whale resistance
during the Komodo dICO process. Whale resistance is a way Komodo and The BarterDEX
resist wealthy financial technocrats from purchasing an entire coin supply and thus forcing an
artificial market scarcity. Read our dICO explanation to learn more.)
The Bob-side protocol now validates Alices "connect" packet and, assuming everything is in
order, the protocol starts a new Bob-side thread of code, thus beginning the actual atomic swap.
The Alice-side protocol also receives the "connect" packet, verifies, and then starts an Aliceside thread of code.
There is one more "negotiation" step that is needed between the Alice-side and Bob-side
protocols: in the event the two sides to the protocol do not achieve consensus, the entire atomic
swap aborts without any payments sent from either party (i.e. no harm, no foul).
(This final negotiation could have been included earlier, but due to the way the atomic swap
organically developed during our creation process, it ended up inside the atomic-swap protocol
itself.)
The Alice-side and Bob-side protocols have now properly performed their duties, and thus
completed the most challenging aspect of the atomic-swap protocol. The BarterDEX returns
control to the humans (or bots acting on their behalf) to send their respective payments.

The DEX Fee: <dexfee>
People will notice that there is a small <dexfee> required as part of the BarterDEX protocol. This
is 1/777 of the transaction amount and it is calibrated to make spam attacks impractical. By
forcing a would-be attacker to spend real money, attacking the network becomes costly. Without
this spam prevention, the BarterDEX would otherwise be DOS attacked at the protocol level.
The 1/777 ends up being equal to 0.1287% of the <alicepayment>; this is already far less than
the fees paid on centralized exchanges. Also, centralized exchanges charge both sides of the
trade, so even if they charge you 0.2%, they are actually harvesting 0.4% in total fees between
both parties. Furthermore, they often have fees and limitations for withdrawing funds; The
BarterDEX has neither.
It is possible that some atomic swaps can initiate, and then fail to complete, which raises
questions about what happens to the Alice <dexfee>. The <dexfee> is the first charge in the
protocol; in this sense, there is a <dexfee> charged for these failed atomic swaps.
However, this failure should not be looked upon in isolation. The BarterDEX protocol is based
on statistics. Statistically speaking, there will be some percentage of atomic swaps that start and
will not complete. Let us suppose a 15% failure rate at this stage of the atomic swap (15% is
three xs higher than the rate of failure we currently observe in our testing). Even in this
scenario, the effective <dexfee> cost is still only 0.15% to all Alices as a whole.

Therefore, if you experience the loss of a <dexfee> transaction for an atomic swap that fails to
complete (which would be due to a failure to receive a response from Bob), know that this is all
part of the statistical process. If you find yourself paying more than 0.15% of your completed
trades in <dexfee>s, please let us know. This would be a highly unusual statistical outlier, and
we will therefore want to find and fix the cause.
As an organization, when speaking generally to our audience online, we typically state that the
<dexfee> is just 0.15%. In this manner, we hope to create the expectation that 0.15% is normal;
if the network performs perfectly, on the other hand, users will get a blessing in the form of a
lower fee, 0.1287%.

Dealing with Confirmations
Since The BarterDEX is trading permanently on blockchains (as opposed to updating an internal
database of vouchers, or managing a proxy-token account balance), both humans need to wait
and watch as miners on the respective blockchains calculate transaction confirmations.
Because the payments that occur on one blockchain will proceed regardless of the actions on
the other blockchain (i.e. a confirmation failure on one chain will not stop with the other
blockchain performing its duties as normal), it is therefore important that The BarterDEX
protocol observe and adjust as necessary. Each side of the BarterDEX protocol (Bob-side and
Alice-side) therefore watches and attempts to provide a level of protection for the human users.
The BarterDEX achieves this protection by an array of <setconfirms> API calls, which gives
each side the option to specify how many confirmations they expect before the automated
process should be satisfied on behalf of the human users interests. The setting for the
<setconfirms> feature must be decided before the atomic swap begins, as the number of
confirmations the users choose will persist until the process completes. If the users have
differing preferences for the total <numconfirms> they prefer, the BarterDEX protocol
automatically sets the larger of the two preferences as the requirement for both parties.
Furthermore, this feature also includes a <maxconfirms> value to prevent one side from
specifying an unreasonable or malicious number of required confirmations.

Zero Confirmations
The BarterDEX also supports a high-speed trading mode. Using this feature, a user can activate
an extremely fast mode of trading: <zeroconf>. This initiates a form of atomic-swap trading that
does not wait for any confirmations at all. When using this feature, atomic swaps can be
completed in as little as 3 seconds. This is a high-risk endeavor, naturally, and users should
exercise extreme caution when implementing it.
One potential application for the <zeroconf> feature is to allow groups of individuals to form their
own organizations where they decide personal trust levels, and work together to correct any
mistakes that are made in their accounting endeavors.

The BarterDEX also features a special Trust API that users can enable for themselves and
groups that they form to indicate how much they trust different traders. By default, the Trust API
is set to neutral for all users. A group of users can form their own organization and develop a
trusted network for trading, using the Trust API to set each others trader profile to Trust =
Positive. In such cases, if a user, or a group of users, tells the Trust API to set another trader
profile to Trust = Negative, that traders <pubkey> is blacklisted for any of the participating
individuals or groups.

High-Speed Mode: An Experimental Feature Using Time-locked Deposits
Using the <zeroconf> protocol, we developed a new feature for The BarterDEX network that is
functional, but still experimental. This High-Speed Mode adds one additional step to the Alice
and Bob process.
Alice places a one-time security deposit of an amount equal to or greater than the amount she
would like to actively trade. This security deposit is sent to a conditional p2sh wallet address
(currently controlled by the Komodo team). Alice indicates within her security-deposit
transaction the amount of time the deposit should remain in the wallet. The p2sh wallet will lock
the funds from Alices end until the completion of the expiration date, though the wallet will allow
the Komodo team to access the funds if necessary. This is called a time-locked deposit. After
her chosen date of expiration, she can reclaim her security at any time. Note that her KMD
funds continue to accrue interest at the normal 5% APR.
This enables Alice to participate in our experimental High-Speed Mode feature, a fully
automated protocol that tracks users trading activities and monitors their unconfirmed swaps
against their time-locked deposits. While using High-Speed Mode, Alice can trade funds with
participating Bobs in amounts smaller than her time-locked deposit. Her trading partners
dynamically decrease her trust level as she trades, monitoring the amount of her unconfirmed
transactions against her total security deposit. Should she reach an unconfirmed trading
capacity that is roughly equal to the amount in her deposit, the protocol blocks her from
participating in the High-Speed Mode feature until her funds obtain more clearance through
notarization on their respective networks.
Should Alice attempt to cheat during any period of zero confirmations, the Komodo team can
activate the p2sh wallet security deposit and deduct the amount of her offense, and a penalty
fee, from her security deposit to compensate the affected parties. The remainder will be
available for her to reclaim at the date of the original expiration, at the latest.
With the security deposit in place, Alice can use the High-Speed Mode feature to complete a
trade in as little as three to five seconds. Note that this feature is new, highly experimental, and
we recommend users exercise extreme caution when participating. If a user cannot activate
High-Speed Mode, The BarterDEX defaults to the normal, non-<zeroconf> atomic-swap trading
method.

Realtime Metrics
Nodes on The BarterDEX use Realtime metrics (RTmetrics) to filter the possible candidates for
atomic-swap matching. All nodes track global stats via a <stats.log> file. This log file allows
each node to self-update the list of pending swaps on the network. By nature, The BarterDEX
protocol has filters that give less priority to nodes that are already occupied. Additionally, the
Alice-side protocol gives less preference to Bob-side protocols that do not have enough
UTXO sizes visible in the orderbook. This is a new feature, and we expect to optimize and
enhance it in future iterations.

Orderbook Propagation
When considering how prices compare between two cryptocurrencies, The BarterDEX uses the
convention of base/rel, which can be translated as base currency to relevant currency. The
price is calculated by determining (base currency)/(relevant currency). The relevant currency is
the cryptocurrency Alice is using to make the initial purchase, and the base is the currency Alice
intends to buy.
To construct a public orderbook, a node needs to have price information. Since The BarterDEX
communicates primarily by means of pubkeys, the price for each currency must naturally be
obtained from a pubkey. In the long run, for orderbook performance, we will need a specific
<txid>/<vout> for each node, as each individual node could have hundreds of UTXOs.
Currently, propagating all this information globally would use an excessive amount of
bandwidth, so we therefore use a different solution.
The BarterDEX instead uses a hierarchical orderbook, where the skeleton of the orderbook is
simply the (pubkey)/(price) for any particular (base)/(relevant) pair.
Note: this means that purchasing a cryptocurrency at the (base)/(relevant) price is directly
comparable to selling the cryptocurrency using (relevant)/(base) at a ratio of 1/(price).
Using the (pubkey)/(price) pairing, all that is needed to populate the orderbook skeleton is for
nodes to broadcast their pubkey and price for any particular (base)/(rel) pair. Nodes that are
running a local coin daemon therefore broadcast their lists of UTXOs, which helps to propagate
the orderbook. All of this is done in the background, on-demand.
Critical information is broadcast with fully signed encryption to prevent spoofing, thus all nodes
can verify the smartaddress associated with a pubkey. In this way, nodes can validate the price
broadcasted. (The electrum SPV coins have their own specific SPV-validation process for all
UTXOs before they can be approved for trading on The BarterDEX.)
While all nodes could broadcast their UTXO lists constantly to keep them updated, this would
result in the network rapidly being overrun with congestion. To eliminate this issue, The
BarterDEX simply relies on the (pubkey)/(prices) as this is all that is necessary to maintain
useful orderbooks.

Since there are N*N possible orderbooks (given N currencies), it is not practical to have The
BarterDEX configured to update all possible orderbooks constantly. Instead, orderbooks are
created on the user end when requested from the raw public data. During orderbook creation, if
the top entries in the orderbook do not possess any listunspent data, a request is made to the
network to gather this information.
This process ensures that by the time a trade completes, there is already a request for an
orderbook, which in turn requests the listunspent data for the most likely pubkeys. The actual
order-matching process then iterates through the orderbook, scanning all the locally known
UTXOs to find a high-probability counterparty to whom The BarterDEX can then propose a
"request" offer. In practice, early users on The BarterDEX can currently experience nearly
instantaneous responses, assuming all the parameters are properly met.

A Brief Discussion on The BarterDEXs Future
This concludes a high-level summary of the The BarterDEX protocol as created by the Komodo
organization. It is now fully functioning and live, and with the support of our community, we have
successfully completed thousands of atomic swaps.
We are now preparing for our upcoming launch of the Monaize dICO. The MNZ token is an ebanking solution, built with our assistance by our partners, Monaize. This dICO date was
originally set for November 10th, but upon observing that the standalone BarterDEX GUI apps
lagged behind projected development speeds, together with Monaize we temporarily delayed
the dICO launch. Once the frontend GUIs perform reliably, we will reset the dICO launch date.
The delay is only temporary, and we hope to resume as soon as possible. For more information
about the reasoning behind the delay, please refer to this blog post.
When the Monaize dICO officially begins, it will be a trial by fire. Potentially, many atomic swaps
will be invoked simultaneously on The BarterDEX. Current stress testing indicates that the
expected load is manageable. However, if we receive higher volume levels than we are
expecting, it is possible we may experience a crash of The BarterDEX network. For this reason,
we encourage all participants to proceed with caution. Every element of The Komodo
Ecosystem is still considered to be highly experimental. We provide no investment advice, nor
any guarantees of any funds utilized on our network. Use any of our products at your own risk.
Looking past the Monaize dICO, The BarterDEX will continue to evolve. The current iteration
has already identified several areas of improvement for the next iteration. Several different GUI
systems are under construction by community members, all of which are utilizing The
BarterDEX 1.0 API. As we develop The BarterDEX API, we are making sure that future
iterations are backwards compatible for developer ease-of-use.

Acknowledgements
References
BarterDEX  A Practical Native DEX (https://github.com/SuperNETorg/komodo/wiki/BarterDEX%E2%80%93-A-Practical-Native-DEX)
Nakamoto Satoshi (2008): Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system.
(http://www.bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf)
Mtchl (2014): The math of Nxt forging (https://www.docdroid.net/ahms/forging0-4-1.pdf.html)
King Sunny, Nadal Scott (2012): PPCoin: Peer-to-Peer Crypto-Currency with Proof-of-Stake
(https://peercoin.net/assets/paper/peercoin-paper.pdf)
Delegated Proof-of-Stake Consensus (https://bitshares.org/technology/delegated-proof-ofstake-consensus/)
Miers Ian, Garman Christina, Green Matthew, Rubin Aviel: Zerocoin: Anonymous Distributed ECash from Bitcoin (https://isi.jhu.edu/~mgreen/ZerocoinOakland.pdf)
Ben-Sasson Eli, Chiesa Alessandro, Garman Christina, Green Matthew, Miers Ian, Troer Eran,
Virza Madars (2014): Zerocash: Decentralized Anonymous Payments from Bitcoin
(http://zerocash-project.org/media/pdf/zerocash-extended-20140518.pdf)
Ben-Sasson Eli, Chiesa Alessandro, Green Matthew, Tromer Eran, Virza Madars (2015):
Secure Sampling of Public Parameters for Succinct Zero Knowledge Proofs
(www.diyhpl.us/~bryan/papers2/bitcoin/snarks/Secure%20sampling%20of%20public%20param
eters%20for%20succinct%20zero%20knowledge%20proofs.pdf)
NXT Community: NXT Whitepaper (http://wiki.nxtcrypto.org/wiki/Whitepaper:Nxt)
Larimer Daniel, Scott Ned, Zavgorodnev Valentine, Johnson Benjamin, Calfee James,
Vandeberg
Michael (March 2016): Steem, An incentivized, blockchain-based social media
platform.(https://steem.io/SteemWhitePaper.pdf)
BitFury Group (Sep 13, 2015): Proof of Stake versus Proof of Work White Paper
(http://bitfury.com/content/5-white-papers-research/pos-vs-pow-1.0.2.pdf)

v 1.10
October 25, 2017

Volodymyr Panchenko

Alexander ZeroGravity
Kokhanovskyy

Sergey Nemesh

1

Abstract
DMarket is a global marketplace solution that turns every virtual item into a real
commodity. This paper discusses how we combine blockchain technologies and
seven years of industry experience to open this multi-billion dollar market to
the existing world economy. All that time people spend playing games on their
mobile, PC, console or any other platform could finally be worth something.
Essentially, DMarket is a new ecosystem where gamers, developers, and
entrepreneurs can efficiently and securely evaluate and trade virtual items.
Thus, DMarket creates a new economy that joins with existing real-equity
markets.
Early-access to the present paper was given to a number of individuals from
the gaming industry and blockchain community. The authors deeply thank
and acknowledge the comments and criticisms that have made the design of
DMarket and this whitepaper as good as they are. Any faults that remain are,
of course, the authors.

2

Table of contents
Introduction
Market & Industry	
Video Games & VR	
Digital e-Commerce & Gaming Market Analysis	
Cryptocurrency Market

	

Product Details	
Problem Definition
The Solution	
For Gamers	
Items Unique Signature & History	
Influence on Market Development	
For Developers and Publishers	
Increased Revenue
Bounty program for the game developers and publishers	
Use-case	
DMarket business opportunities
Modders, Designers & Contributors	

Technologies
The DMarket System
DMarket Coin
DMarket Token as in-game item
Product monetization & DMarket Coin economy

Summary
Product Roadmap	
Token Sale	
Token Sale Phase #1
Token Sale Phase #2	

Use of Funds
DMarket: Projections
Our Commitment After the Token Sale Phase #1
Our Team
Advisory Board
Sources

3

Introduction
In real life, whether you are a lawyer, a crypto trader, a game developer or a
miner, you spend time, experience, and even luck working to achieve something.
This always results in a new experience and/or real assets. And since it is yours,
you can sell, gift it or just throw any asset away.
Around 2.3 billion people play games on different platforms and devices,
creating a gaming industry that in 2016 reached $100 billion and continues to
boom. Only 4,000 pro gamers make a profit from the time and skill they spend
gaming, including the trading of in-game items they accumulate. Just a couple
of games accumulating only 6% of the global audience made a turnover of $4
billion of in-game items. The rest of gamers are out of the market.
The existing technologies cannot connect the many game universes and
platforms together. As a result, players are stuck with their useless items,
despite their time and effort. The growth of the gaming audience and the rise
of the VR and AR markets has compounded this situation.
Our team knows exactly what gamers want. Twelve months ago, we started
trading virtual items in just a couple of games, and since then we have traded
12 million virtual items. We know what the market needs and have already
developed a unique platform that enables us to satisfy that need.
We are now developing a marketplace based on blockchain and smart contracts
that enable the one-click sale, exchange or evaluation of every virtual item
between all games on any platform. The DMarket token will be the only currency
on the platform, providing different options that affect every trade, exchange,
fee and smart contract. By the end of this whitepaper, you will see how we
are building a new online economy with the DMarket token. 2.3 billion gamers
will finally be able to enter a global virtual item market. Using our API, every
game developer will easily connect their game to DMarket and gain from the
increased value, revenue and time spent in their games.

4

Market & Industry
Video Games & VR
There are approximately 2.3 billion gamers across the globe who are expected
to generate revenue of $109 billion in 20171. This shows a $7.8 billion (7.8%)
growth compared to 2016. Digital game revenue will account for about $95
billion (87%) of the global market.

Use

rs

The most profitable segment is mobile, showing $46.1 billion (19%) and claiming
42% of the market.
According to the VR/AR Report Q3 20172, provided by Digi-Capital, the virtual
reality and augmented reality (VR & AR) market is expected to reach up to $122
billion by 2021. Also, Digi-capital claims that the size of the gaming market is
going to reach $200 billion over the next five years. Many companies, such as
Microsoft Corp., Nintendo Co. Ltd, and Sony Corp., are launching their own VRcompatible console, and this competition accelerates the industry as a whole.
1	https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach-108-9-billion-in-2017withmobile-taking-42/ 	
2	
http://www.digi-capital.com/reports/#augmented-virtual-reality	

5

Digital e-Commerce & Gaming Market Analysis
In this section, we review the biggest players in the global in-game items
trading market.
The Steam platform was released on September 12, 2003. Over the past 4 years,
it has gained enormous popularity among the gaming community, reaching
$3.5 billion revenue in 20163. This platform was the first to allow trading of ingame items, but all the profit received from trading is held inside the platform,
without the possibility of cashing the money out. Moreover, the possibility to
trade in-game items is very limited and presented in just a few games (CS:GO,
DOTA2, TF2, PUBG, H1Z1).
Steam Pros:
 Steam has become the largest marketplace for video games and mods
commercialization;  It had $3.5 billion revenue in 2016. Steams rate of
acquisition and catalog offering have shown rapid growth. Up to this day,
almost 370 million paid games have been activated;
 Steam also offers many services for players, modders and game developers,
like object trading, beta/alpha release, game presale, objects listing, payment
processing and credit card verification.
Steam Cons:
 Steam technology and servers are centralized, and have complete control
over the availability of any single product or item in their catalog, which leads
to security (account) fraud;
 Most of the games on Steam dont have any functionality for in-game item
trading. Only three games have a significant influence on overall turnover of
in-game items (CS:GO, Dota2, TF2);
 Steam users dont have any real influence on platform development;
 Steam doesnt allow users to cash out virtual platform currency;
 Steam has high fees for trading in-game items (up to 12%);
 Steam technology does not support multi-platform and multi-engine trading.

3	

https://www.statista.com/statistics/547025/steam-game-sales-revenue/	

6

Here are some figures that show average daily Steam user numbers and the
overall number of games connected to Steam:
 Number of daily active users4: 12 853 536 (as of 2017-07-15);
 Number of games5: +- 14 398 (as of 2017-07-15).
Opskins is an in-game items trading marketplace that was launched in
December 2014. The service implements the Steam API to enable the trading
of in-game items. Currently, Opskins is the biggest skins trading platform on
the planet with ten million unique users monthly.
Opskins pros:
 Q1-Q2 2017 turnover conducted around $250 million;
 One of the biggest communities for skins trading (over 10 million users
monthly6);
 Real money cashout.
Opskins cons:
 Doesnt have official support from Steam (lots of account fraud);
 High fees for transaction and cashout (up to 10%);
 Supports only a few Steam games;
 Due to the use of the Steam API, is highly dependent on Steam.

Cryptocurrency Market
For the first time, cryptocurrencies hold a market cap larger than $100 billion7.
Bitcoin (BTC) owns the biggest share, with slightly over $46.6 billion (47.9% of
all cryptocurrencies8). But the recent wave of other coins, like Ethereum ether
(ETH), has helped bring the total cap over the top.

4	
5	

http://store.steampowered.com/stats/	
https://steamspy.com/year/	

6	
https://www.similarweb.com/website/opskins.com#overview	
7	
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/with-bitcoin-surge-cryptocurrencies-top-100-billion-in-	
	marketcapitalization-2017-06-06		
8	

	

https://howmuch.net/articles/worlds-money-in-perspective	

7

Bitcoin peaked to its all-time high (ATH) recently in both price and market cap.

8

Product details
Problem Definition
Every minute spent in-game leaves gamers with virtual goods. This could be
new armor, a fancy car or just a pile of crystals. Unfortunately, there is no easy
way (or no way at all) to trade these virtual assets among the billions of gamers
around the world.
Game universes are not connected to each other, which means there is no
safe and easy way to trade between them, and no reliable way to approve
these trades. It was not technologically possible to build a bridge between the
dozens of game engines, independent and global game developers, and the
mobile and console worlds.
More than 70% of the 15 million games we sold in the last 5 years is 2 or more
years old. There are currently thousands of games, where people can potentially
trade and exchange digital items. But this is impossible, due to the inability of
game developers to provide local trading markets for each game.
Billions of gamers possess rare items, fancy items, memorabilia items. All in
high demand, but technologically limited to trade.

The Solution
This market void and our many years of experience have inspired DMarket, the
first decentralized, global marketplace for trading any digital items. To fill in the
gap, we have to offer a scalable, cross-platform solution that enables gamers
to trade any virtual item from any game.
We are creating a new economic segment. Any kind of collaboration between
gamers and game developers on our platform will be regulated by market
demand. Therefore, gamers have their own interest in collecting rare items, and
game developers are interested in creating and maintaining unique, relevant
and tradable gaming content.

9

Users (players as well as developers) will be able to leverage their own
achievements and time spent, either for a better gaming experience or for
profit. DMarket will also be an easy place to start showing off to other players.
This adds a completely new dimension to game virtual assets: the notion of
virtual capital.

HOW DMARKET WORKS

For Gamers
We want to provide an opportunity for every gamer (DMarket user) in the world
to be able to evaluate their time, skills and luck. Gamers will be able to perform
easy, one-click buy/sell, exchange, and evaluation of every possible game
asset, item, skin, or another game object. To make this possible, each DMarket
user will be provided with an account on a full-time basis. The account will
preserve all data in our decentralized database and interact with users utilizing
smart contracts.

10

Value for gamers:
	 in-game item trading and profit-making;
	 opportunity to create in-game content and participate in its turnover on
DMarket;
	 security accreditation for every transaction within DMarket;
	 opportunity to get a unique collectible in-game item;
	 opportunity to switch between games without losing gained arsenal of ingame items.

Items Unique Signature & History
Blockchain technology and unique identification turn every item on DMarket
into an exclusive product with its own history, providing each item with
additional and even collectible value. Thus, achievements of previous holders
could influence the price and value of an item over time.
Lets imagine, for example, a collection of unique items used by cybersports
champions who took part in world tournaments in 2010-2017. Those items
couldnt be bought from the game developer, but they could be bought from
DMarket members who had them. Thus, for one player, it could be important to
collect items from a tournament series, while for others it will be their exciting
mission to collect all kinds of armor used by their favorite Esports players.

Influence on Market Development
Buying power will provide users with a real impact on the development of
game assets, items, and mods. The cross-platform and cross-game items
exchange will open new opportunities to discover and play games while
levering each users virtual gaming capital.

For Developers and Publishers
Early access to the present paper was given to a number of developers from
the gaming industry. Most of them showed intense interest in integrating the
DMarket API into their games. Moreover, they have helped us compose case
11

studies and monetization methods for different platforms (PC, consoles, mobile,
VR-compatible platforms), and expand our knowledge of in-game economics.
We offer a unique solution for game developers. DMarkets API is a ready-touse solution for giving value to any digital itemwhether it is armor, sword,
gems, or other itemsas well as item monetization. First, libraries will cover
the most popular engines, such as Unreal, Cry Engine, and Unity 3D. That will
open DMarket to integration with most games on the market. Then, we will add
custom engine support. Also, we are working on a mobile game solution for iOS
and Android.
We have a roadmap for games with different business models (pay-to-play,
free-to-play, and pay-to-win) with a different number of players (console single
and multiplayer games) for all types of platforms (PC, consoles, mobile games).
After studying all these monetization types, we have a win-win solution for
every market.

Value for game developers:
	 marketing intensification and general audience increase. Up to 32% of
raised funds will be put into events, promos, and general advertising that
will expand the audience of games presented on DMarket;
	 revenue increase. Publishers will receive most of the fees from every
exchange of their intellectual property: in-game items;
	 LTV increase. Lifetime value will dramatically increase as gamers are
expected to spend in the game hunting for items. Gamers will be able not
only to have fun, but also to get additional revenue while playing;
	

DMarket gives an opportunity to gamers and game fans to test themselves
as content developers and create unique in-game assets for any game stored
on DMarket. The best items, approved by publishers will be integrated into the
game. This will enrich the gaming world with new and unique in-game assets, as
well as bring additional revenue to both gamers and publishers. Smart contracts
and blockchain technology will guarantee the transparency of all transactions
and automatically distribute profits within agreed terms to all parties.

	 Up to 18% of raised funds will be used for the development of costeffective business models for in-game item turnover. It will be applied to
the business models suggested by publishers and developers.

12

Increased Revenue
DMarket will provide developers and decision makers with a platform on which
games can leverage additional years of existence. Combined with a strong ingame economy system and interesting new features, even single games (not
part of a franchise and without multiplayer features) could expect to see a
constant income increase.
Developers of virtual items presented on DMarket will gain most of the fees
from every trade commission (up to 80% of every transaction on DMarket).
This solution aims to generate new ways of game monetization and increase
lifetime value.
The evolution of blockchain technology and smart contracts has enabled us to
exclude fraud to the maximum possible extent, whether its database hacking
or account hacking. It is the key criterion in our decision to create DMarket.
In addition, the expansion of the tradable market will connect an ever-increasing
number of potential customers and open a whole new world of marketing.

Bounty program for the game developers and publishers
We offer a special bounty program for developers and publishers. Up to 18%
of the DMarket funds attracted by two phases of token sales will be spent to
stimulate the developers and publishers to create cost-effective and attractive
business models for the turnover of the in-game items stored on DMarkets
blockchain.

Use-case
Single player and multiplayer PC and console games could generate revenue for
developers from the trade of hard-to-get, rare, and collectible items. Skins for
in-game items could fulfill the human drive to be different and avoid changing
the balance of an existing game.
Mobile games with pay-to-win or pay-to-play models could benefit from skin
turnover. Developers will be provided with the option of adding durability to
13

every item officially sold in the game, as well as opening a trade market for used
items. That will increase the turnover of new virtual assets and add revenue
from every used item sale without cannibalizing main sales.
Additional sources of income are memorabilia items for winning championships,
collaboration with designers, or previously owned by game stats. Information
about each items owner and history will be secured on the blockchain. This
will create an additional demand for these items from rare asset collectors or
celebrity gamers.
We will provide detailed case studies for every platform, along with technical
data, in a standalone document.

DMarket business opportunities
The API developed by DMarket provides multiple opportunities for
entrepreneurs. In-game items could be integrated into popular online stores,
used as payments for goods and services.
Potentially DMarket will enable in-game items to become real assets. When
this happens, you might be able to insure your in-game assets or receive a loan
from the bank using your virtual assets as security. Thats what we strive for.

Modders, Designers & Contributors
The market for modders will open any game to developers, designers, modders,
and content creators. The well-balanced percentage and use of smart contracts
will provide the ecosystem with the opportunity to win presale and beta/alpha
production cycles, increasing the community while building a user base and
setting up an individual economic network.
The DMarket network will help gamers to estimate the value of their virtual
capital and help game developers to increase their revenues.

14

Technologies
We are developing DMarket as a very high-load system. The market potential
consists of billions of users, each of whom has thousands of digital items.
After passing the milestone of 10 million users, the second phase of product
development will focus on our own blockchain solution.
The current version of the DMarket network blockchain, implemented using
Rust and C ++, has the following characteristics:
	 High-speed response. It can process up to 3,000 transactions per second,
which will enable the platform to ensure a proper transaction processing
speed.
	 Elasticity. The developed blockchain ensures smooth operation (even if
up to one-third of the nodes in the blockchain network are disabled or
compromised).
	 Improved security. Due to the fact that our system is written in Rust, a
systems programming language designed without segmentation faults
to guarantee thread safety, the blockchain ensures improved security of
all processes occurring on the platform.
Our development team uses Exonum blockchain framework. At this stage, this
framework is the optimal solution for unleashing DMarket`s potential, which
allows you to create an efficiently functioning blockchain product with all the
necessary characteristics listed above in a short period.

The DMarket System
The DMarket system is divided into two independent parts.
The first is a decentralized blockchain database - a completely independent
distributed information storage system for all transactions that take place in
the game and/or on the trading platforms.
DMarket`s blockchain uses smart contract technology, which will ensure
transparency and security of the transaction for all participants.
15

The capability of smart contracts involves the management of required
conditions, digital items, and internal cryptocurrency, acting as an independent
intermediary. The payment and transfer of digital items are processed through
a smart contract based on all of its terms.
Smart contracts provide a much higher level of security than ordinary
contractual right. In addition, the technology allows for reducing transaction
costs. DMarket implements the following functions through smart contracts:
	 control of in-game items` presence (based on HASH) and their available
quantity;
	 control of users` solvency to purchase a particular item;
	 other parameters that will be preset by the user or system.
A smart contract is activated after a successful purchase function initiation and
is responsible for making mutual cost clearings. A smart contract verifies the
users solvency, as well as the right to own items and the size of the commission.
The second part of the DMarket system:
This is an independent trading platform that is capable of processing hundreds
of thousands of operations per second and interacting with blockchain. This
layer is developed using the GoLang, PostgreSQL. In order to deliver high
performance, DMarket developers have chosen a micro-service architecture
with the RestFull API. Clusters, built on Kubernetes, ensure the stable operation
of micro-services.
The DMarket system also uses an independent multimedia storage service.
This service interacts with both the blockchain and the trading platform,
functioning as a high-speed storage of media resources. Thanks to this service
architecture, even its complete disconnection will not affect data continuity
and safety.
Additional modules
The DMarket team is developing a huge number of additional modules that
will be implemented in the marketplace - in particular, the development of
statistics management modules using AI, which in turn will use BigData
analysis modules. This will provide an opportunity to monitor the dynamics
of growing amounts of data in the system, obtain detailed analytical data on
16

the transmission chains of virtual items, and monitor the demand for certain
virtual items on the network.
Architecturally, all modules are built independently of each other, which
increases the stability of the entire system. The crash of one module will not
cause the failure of the entire system.
All components of the platform interact with each other with the help of
RestFull API, specially designed to provide data exchange between the internal
and external modules of the system.
Integration of DMarket`s API
To manage in-game items, game developers will receive all the necessary tools
in the form of API documentation, DLL-libraries or ready-made solutions that
will be developed for popular game engines.
That greatly simplifies DMarket`s integration into games.
	
At the moment, we are already developing services that will help to make the
adaptation process of games written in Unity 3D, CryEngine or Unreal Engine
as quick and understandable as possible, and also allow you to design and
flexibly adjust the economy of in-game items.
Also, the DMarket API will provide a number of additional features. In-game
items can be integrated into popular online stores and used as payment for
goods or services.
How does the system work from the perspective of the end user?
Here is how the DMarket platform shall operate upon its complete launch. The
user needs to create an account on DMarket. Automatically, the system creates
a wallet on the basis of the already existing cryptocurrency: DMarket Tokens.
Once the user has access to his account, he can immediately start working with
the wallet, adding the needed amount of DMarket Tokens or in-game items
presented on the marketplace.
To conduct trading operations, the system automatically synchronizes the
17

in-game items of the user with his personal account on the blockchain and
marketplace. Synchronization is carried out with the help of an API using the
user`s credentials for authorization.
				
To implement this synchronization and the overall interaction of the game with
the trading platform, game developers will be provided with an API that will
contain the following basic groups of methods:
 Methods for registering a developer in the system, while the system registers
a new balance account for the developer;
 Methods for generating HASH values for each game item (HASH will be used
as a unique value, to account for virtual items.);
 Methods for transferring HASH values within the network between players
and sellers;
 Methods allowing the identification of the state of each game item;
 Methods that track certain parameters of certain virtual objects.
					
Since smart contracts allow you to implement complex chains of interaction
between all market users, you need a tool that simplifies the usage of a smart
contract by end users. For this, we intend to create a special design with a userfriendly interface that will allow you to easily set basic parameters for contract
implementation.

DMarket Coin
DMarket Coin  is the only virtual currency that operates on DMarket. All
transactions with digital goods (including fees) are made in DMarket Coin only.
After the Token Sale Phase #2, all contributors will receive an ERC-20
exchangeable DMarket Token on the Ethereum network. After the launch of
the main DMarket network, this will be exchanged 1-to-1 with a native DMarket
Coin.
The issue of DMarket Tokens will be held once only. The number of tokens
produced will correspond to the number of tokens sold at the crowdsale, but
no more than the declared Hard Cap.

18

DMarket Coin functionality within the platform:
	 As a virtual currency for buying or selling in-game items;
	 Delivering sales commission to the owners of the rights on digital property;
	 Buying premium accounts for wholesale and individual sellers;
	 Purchasing BigData analytics.
DMarket Coin will be used on the DMarket and will not be limited to the
platform; in the future it will become a fully-fledged virtual currency item. You
can buy DMarket Tokens during two sale phases. The first sale phase was held
on 1721 August 2017. During this period, users were able to buy tokens with
more favorable purchase terms. The second sale phase will start on November
14, 2017 and will continue through November 28, 2017.

DMarket Token as in-game item
PLEASE NOTE: CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS REFERRED TO IN THIS SECTION
OF WHITE PAPER ARE CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS ON A LAUNCHED
BLOCKCHAIN THAT ADOPTS DMarket.IO SOFTWARE. THEY ARE NOT THE
ERC-20-COMPATIBLE TOKENS BEING DISTRIBUTED ON THE ETHEREUM
BLOCKCHAIN IN CONNECTION WITH THE DMarket TOKEN DISTRIBUTION.
A blockchain connection will be established between each DMarket Token (ingame item) and a DMarket Coin. Each game element will be represented in the
wallet in the form of a DMarket Token.
Each item will be marked as the property of the company or the person who
created it, identified in the DMarket blockchain by its own unique ID. This will
make it possible to track the item within the system with specific features or
any other additional properties, which are defined in a smart contract. Virtual
items (DMarket Tokens) will only be released by their developers and copyright
holders.

Types of digital goods:
	 Game virtual currency;
	 Games/goods/services;
19

	 Game items and consumables;
	 Skins and designs;
	 Mods, cards, and additions;
	 Music and SFX.
DMarket Tokens (in-game items) are created through the use of the APIs
endpoint and a token factory. The API itself can be imported into the libraries
of the most popular engines; this simplifies the connection of the asset creators
(developers and publishers) with DMarket.

The creators of virtual items will be able to:
	 Add and delete virtual goods;
	 Set the basic prices for goods;
	 Add different features to their goods (e.g. a virtual item can be labeled as
premium, common or used);
	 Allow collective creation of goods;
	 Ban certain users from conducting transactions with the goods.
A Token is a unique property of the digital goods of a particular user, which is
stored on the blockchain. The ownership of goods and property will be secured
by the system on the marketplace outside of the game world.
A Token (virtual good) is subject to alienation, meaning that it can be bought
or sold or given from one owner to another. The system will also have its own
evaluation methods that can be requested in one click (or API request) with
minimal fees.
Each transaction held in the DMarket has the main fee of 5% of the total
amount of the transaction. Most of the fee will be sent to the developers and
copyright holders whose items are involved in the transaction (publishers and
developers). The remaining element of the fee will be due to the DMarket.

Product monetization & DMarket Coin economy
One of the key priorities is DMarket monetization, which is beneficial for all
participants.
20

Monetization is achieved via a transaction fee on each change of item ownership
on the DMarket. It will not be more than 5%, and the rightsholder of in-game
assets will receive most of this commission.
Both transactions and commission charging are carried out in DMarket Coin
using smart contract technology.
DMarket offers a number of additional features. The game assets represented
on DMarket can be integrated into popular online stores and used as payment
for goods or services.
Up to 18% of raised funds will be spent to stimulate the developers and
publishers to create and develop cost-effective business models for in-game
item turnover.

21

Summary
2.3 billion gamers are currently facing technology limitations to their right to
trade in-game items. With time and effort, they earn virtual assets that are rare,
fancy, and sometimes simply wanted by other players. By creating DMarket,
a blockchain-based marketplace, we can connect all games and platforms
together. With the built-in token and smart contracts technologies, DMarket
will enable users to make a one-click sale, exchange every virtual item among
all games on any platform, as well as evaluate their assets. DMarket makes
virtual items real.
By offering gamers an opportunity to buy and sell in-game assets to all gamers
globally, DMarket creates a new in-game item economy worth more than $450
billion and turns virtual items into real assets with the help of blockchain
technology.	
Using our API, every game developer will easily connect its game to DMarket.
That will increase lifetime value, revenue, and time spent in the games. Users
will enter the global economy with virtual items.
Furthermore, DMarkets API provides a number of business opportunities for
other entrepreneurs. Items stored on DMarket blockchain can be integrated
into popular online shops, and then used as a payment method.
	
Game developers are very welcome to discuss API implementation and DMarket
economics in their current and future projects. We invite every qualified and
interested blockchain and crypto developer to open discussion about network
creation. Crypto investors are invited to participate in the Main token sale
starting on November 14, 2017.
	
Be a part of the new world economy worth more than $450 billion.
Join DMarket today!

22

Product Roadmap
Q1 2017

The DMarket
idea birth

Q2 2017

Market research and
integration meetings with
game developers

Q3 2017

Brand awareness and

Q4 2017

DMarket Alpha (testnet), Token

Token Sale Phase #1

Sale Phase #2, Token emission,
DMarket Token listing

Q1 2018

DMarket security audit

Q2 2018

API integration in 10 games with

and product launch

1M users, in-game items value
exceeding $200M

Q2 2019

API integration in 100 games with
10M users, in-game items value
exceeding $2B

Q2 2020

API integration in 2000 games
with 100M users, in-game
items value exceeding $40B

23

Token Sale
Token Sale Phase #1
36,037,245 DMarket tokens were sold
	
Start date: August 17, 2017 (12:00 PM NYC Time, UTC-4)
End date: August 21, 2017 (12:00 PM NYC Time, UTC-4)
	
DMarket token sale cap (Phase #1): 50,000,000 DMarket tokens
Minimal goal to start: 5,000,000 DMarket tokens
Currency accepted: ETH, BTC
Token exchange rate: 1 ETH = 1,000 DMarket tokens
Amount of tokens per one person: unlimited
Minimum transaction amount in Ethereum: 0.1 ETH
Minimum transaction amount in Bitcoin: 100 DMarket tokens
Maximum transaction amount: unlimited
Bonuses:
Day 1: +10% bonus
Day 2: +5% bonus
Day 3: +3% bonus
Day 4: no bonuses

	

Token Sale Phase #2
Start date: November 14, 2017, at 12:00 PM New York / 16:00 UTC / 17:00 London
/ 17:00 CET / 19:00 Moscow / 21:30 Mumbai / 00:00 Shanghai, UTC +8 / 01:00
Tokyo, UTC +9
End date: 28th of November 2017 at 12:00 PM New York / 16:00 UTC / 17:00
London /17:00 CET / 19:00 Moscow / 21:30 Mumbai / 00:00 Shanghai, UTC +8
/ 01:00 Tokyo, UTC +9
	
	
DMarket token sale cap (Phase #2): 100,000,000 DMarket tokens
Currency accepted: ETH, BTC, LTC
The exchange rate is 1 ETH = 750 tokens
The minimum transaction: 75 DMarket tokens (0.1 ETH)
The maximum transaction: 25,000 DMarket tokens (33.33 ETH)
Amount of tokens per one person: 25K DMarket tokens (33,333 ETH)
After the token sale is closed, 10% of the total token amount sold is issued and
reserved for DMarkets core activities, and 5% is reserved for DMarket advisory
board and partners. The DMarket tokens will be sent to the Users personal
respective cryptocurrency wallet after of DMarket Token Sale Phase #2.
24

+5%

Advisory board & Partners

+10%

Core activities reserve

Token Sale

USE OF FUNDS
2017

2018

2019

2020

Total

%

Financial analytics

240K

455K

502K

500K

1 697K

2,67%

Sales and business analytics
department

369K

1 300K

1 662K

1 665K

4 996K

7.87%

Administrative and General
business expenses

361K

457K

550K

550K

1 918K

3.02%

External and internal legal
support

485K

218K

200K

200K

1 103K

1.74%

45K

70K

86K

85K

286K

0.45%

2 300K

5 870K

6 200K

7 600K

21 970K

34.59%

Marketing and advertising

520K

3 260K

4 350K

5 300K

13 430K

21.14%

Conferences, business trips

980K

1 240K

2 250K

2 100K

6 570K

10.34%

0

3 550K

4 200K

3 800K

11 550K

18.18%

5 300K

16 420K

20 000K

21 800K

63 520K

100.00%

Accounting and audit

IT development and product
development

Game developer bonuses

Total

25

DMarket: Projections
In 2016, the gaming industrys revenue reached $100 billion and is still booming.
It is expected that by 2020 this figure will reach 128 billion dollars. The estimated
in-game trading turnover is $4 billion. And this volume is generated only by 150
million people. DMarket unlocks in-game item trading for more than 2.3 billion
people  thats the number of people who play games every day on different
platforms and devices. The market will exceed $450 billion.
Considering the growth of the gaming industry and the opportunities that
DMarket opens, we believe that by 2020 the market for game content will
reach such a level that virtual items will be sold on a par with real goods on
top-of-the-line online platforms. nd well-known designers will cooperate not
only with sports or car brands, but they will start to create capsule collections
for GTA or World of Warcraft.
We believe that virtual items will extend beyond the game worlds and become
an integral part of real life. It is expected, banks will accept in-game content
as collateral, or issue loans for the purchase of a rare or collectible virtual item.
Insurance companies will easily insure a unique virtual sniper rifle that helped
to win the world championship. Jurists and lawyers will advocate and litigate
the owners rights to virtual items just as any other property  a car or a house.
.

KEY METRICS
Games

Users (mln)

In-game asset
value (USD, mln)

DMarket annual
trades turnover (USD, mln)

Target Volume

2018

10

1

900

108

180.00%

2019

100

10

9000

1080

1800.00%

2020

2000

200

180000

21600

36000.00%

2021

3500

350

315000

37800

63000.00%

2022

5000

500

450000

54000

90000.00%

2023

10000

1000

900000

108000

180000.00%

26

Our commitment after the token sale phase #1

27

Our team
Volodymyr Panchenko
Founder & CEO
	

#1 private merchant of digital games in the world (15M
games sold over the past 5 years via Ebay, G2A, Kinguin)

	

Founder of skins.cash  2nd biggest virtual items
marketplace (12M items sold over the past year)

	

Founder and CEO of SunTechSoft

	

$50M total annual revenue

Alexander ZeroGravity Kokhanovskyy
Co-founder
	

17 years of experience in the e-Sports industry

	

Founder of Na`Vi (Natus Vincere) - 2nd most popular and
one the most successful e-Sports teams

	

In 2016 became shareholder of ESforce Holdings - 3rd
biggest e-Sports entity funded by USM Group (Mail.ru, VK
.com, Megafon) with more than $100M of investments in
last round

Sergey Nemesh
CTO
	

Blockchain development and implementation

	

10 years of experience in Big Data Solutions development

	

8 years of experience in AI development and integration
(Smart sensors, Databases)

Andriy Khavryuchenko
Blockchain architect
	

Senior Developer of DASH cryptocurrency (world top 8,
market cap $1.4B)

	

4 years of crypto developing

	

26 years in software development
28

Oleg Panasenko

Project Manager

Alexander Matsenko

Development Tech Lead

Illia Syniakin

Development Tech Lead

Dmitriy Vityuk

Development Tech Lead

Sergey Gudyma
Andrey Zolotarenko

QA Tech Lead
Product Manager

Julia Laznyuk

PR Advisor

Viktoriya Kim

Chief of Media/Content department

Anton Kryvnov
Iryna Loza

Chief Marketing Officer
HR Business Partner

IT back-end
Andrii Nasinnyk
Roman Zhuravel

Anton Tribulkevich
Vladislav Mysiur

Andrey Bobryshev

Rustam Yengalichev

Sergii Cherniavskyi

Vitalii Boiko

IT front-end
Roman Semak
Oleksandr Buchek
Anastasia Barabash
Mike Kovetsky

Bohdan Polishchuk
Nikolay Batashov
Roman Karbushev
Bohdan Kiryanov

Dmitriy Didyk

IT QA
Denys Galyuk

Iryna Huziienko

Svetlana Mankut

IT DevOps
Aleksandr Kryvoruchko

Alexander Samarin

Kostiantyn Kryvasov

System administration
Vladimir Buksha

Vyacheslav Voronkin

Product
Ivan Antipov

Eugene Dzidziguri

Pavel Slobodianiuk
29

Design
Valeriya Bediya

Victoria Leshchenko
Semen Kryuchkov

Marketing, Sales
Anastasiya Drazhnik

Maksym Osnach

Kateryna Medushyvskaia

Oleh Harbar

Sergey Danyliuk

Vladyslav Shvets

PR, SMM, Content
Eugene Bozhenko

Eugenia Ostapenko

Alisa Serbeniuk-Kuchinskaya

Dmitry Karachan

Yana Shevchenko

Vladislav Nazarkin

Hanna Synetska
SEO
Artem Tarasenko

Roman Pinskiy
Andriy Nikitiuk

Support
Dmitry Kravchenko

Vsevolod Kornieiev

Ivan Fesenko

Vladislav Shevchenko

Vitaly Chekalenko

Yuriy Samusenko

Mikhail Tychyna

Vladimir Olekhnovich

Eugene Koziy

Elena Zabolotnaya

Nikita Sergeev

Roman Pilipenko

Artem Porozhnyak

Alexandra Lutsenko
Alexander Mamzurenko

HR
Ulyana Bogdan

Anastasia Zobova

Iryna Zadnipryana

Financial
Tamara Slanova

Olga Tymoshyna

Olena Myronyk
30

Advisory board
Oren Klaff
Managing Director at Intersection Capital
($2 billion in aggregate trade volume across
a diversified portfolio of companies and
transactions), Author of Pitch Anything
Bestseller
The DMarket team knows more about cryptocurrency
and smart transactions than the next five companies
combined. They impressed me with the idea of
combining all known gaming worlds into the one
society, giving players the tools to buy & sell directly
with each other. This is the next generation of
commerce and DMarket is leading it.

Dr. Moe Levin
CEO of Keynote, a global technology conference
company which has been responsible for over
$250MM of investments into cryptocurrency
and blockchain startups. Co-Founded the first
accredited Blockchain Academy
There is a tremendous amount of locked-up value
in the world of eSports. Value that has been created
via hard work and skill, but is locked due to a lack of
infrastructure, efficiency, and capabilities. DMarket
streamlines the process by creating an interoperable
marketplace which is game and platform agnostic. With
a marketplace such as this, users are able to unlock and
recover their billions of dollars worth of hard work and
open up even greater possibilities.

Brian Kerr
Managing Director at GL Ventures, Founder
& CEO Fnatic Gear
DMarket is a game changer for the game industry! The
Steam marketplace is huge, but this will be on another
level unifying mobile, console, and PC gaming industries
while empowering gamers to monetize their time and
skill.
31

Igor Matsanyuk
Chairman at Game Insight, Senior ex-Vice
President at Mail.ru, Founder at IMI.VC,
Founder at Farminers
It seems that this future is already happening: the
virtual goods get real value, while the virtual economics
are setting the rules for the real markets. The DMarkets
initiative to organize and optimize the in-game assets
ecosystem will set new standards of quality and comfort
for users. It is yet another opportunity for our society of
consumption to reassess its values.

Oleg Yavorsky
PR & Marketing Director at
Vostok Games
We seem to be seriously going into virtual worlds, virtual
items and their related economies. DMarket promises to
become a strong foundation in such creation of the worlds,
as far as gaming is concerned. And its great to be a part of
that process!

Evgeniy Grygorovych
Project Leader at GSC Game World
(S.T.A.L.K.E.R., Cossacks game series)
This is an incredible breakthrough for the whole gaming
world. The DMarket team creates a valuable product,
connecting game developers and the gamers into separate
gaming cluster of the global economy

32

Denis Dovgopoliy
Founder at GrowthUP, investor,
advisory
This is one of the most interesting, blockchain related
projects in 2017. Great because industry leaders are working
on it, which should bring an incredible success!

Igor Karev
CEO at Tatem Games
There is a huge market for mobile game developers. Many
new and interesting opportunities exist where their time
will be compensated handsomely with the opening of
DMarket. We support the DMarket team in building this
project

33

Sources
https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach-108-9billion-in-2017-with-mobile-taking-42/
http://www.digi-capital.com/reports/#augmented-virtual-reality
https://www.statista.com/statistics/547025/steam-game-sales-revenue/
https://www.polygon.com/2016/1/4/107 10184/repor t-paid-steam-gamesmarketestimated-at-over-3-5-billion-in-2015
http://store.steampowered.com/stats/
https://steamspy.com/year/
https://www.similarweb.com/website/opskins.com#overview
https://howmuch.net/articles/worlds-money-in-perspective
https://www.superdataresearch.com/market-data/market-brief-year-in-review/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decentralised_system
https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf
https://blockgeeks.com/guides/smart-contracts/
http://www.blockchaintechnologies.com/blockchain-smart-contracts
https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=6088-UDXM-7214
https://blockchainhub.net/blockchain-oracles/

34

Darcrus Whitepaper
and Use Case
Examples

Release Date 20 November 2016
Revised 16 December 2016
Version 1.1
https://darcr.us

Introduction
Darcrus is introducing a new way of protecting your data, your customers information,
and ensuring your company will have the data you need when you need it with their
custom dAppsheets. There are three distinct types of Darcrus dAppsheet
implementations, from the most private to most public:




Private, Non-public  Confidential business data or intellectual property
Private, Public  Authenticated usage, public verification
Public, Public  Open for use and viewing by anyone or anything

We will give a use case example for each of the above implementations. For any of these
implementations, we will utilize the underlying decentralized platforms such as Waves,
NXT, Ethereum, and Bitcoin, we are able to seamlessly create copies of your database
anywhere your companys Darcrus node exist. Darcrus and its dAppsheet will create a
transparent middleware utility to interface with the users and the blockchain.

Use Cases  Private, Non-public
For a private, non-public dAppsheet we could use NXT as the platform of choice. Realize,
any of the above decentralized platforms can be used. Company XYZ needs to solve a
disaster recovery item that was discovered in the latest compliance spot check. A
dAppsheet is the perfect fit to meet this requirement and inherently gives additional
features. A few of these features are:





Near instant replication across all company nodes
Near instant availability of data at all company locations
Privacy of company data via transactional encryption
Verifiability of data retained for future compliance audits

Imagine todays enterprise disaster recovery policy and plan. It involves backups, tape
drives, hardware infrastructure, and possibly trusting a 3rd party with data and processes
of their own. A company will also have Service Level Agreements and data at rest worries
for assurance as the custodian of your customers data. dAppsheet will give coverage on
the above points by automatically submitting all transactions to the underlying platform to
replicate these entries across the company nodes, enables remote locations to use the
data, and cryptographically verifies the entry to ensure compliance. Encrypting of the
transactional data is different per platform but will be available prior to that version
(language compatibility) being released for public consumption.
Lets use the example of Company XYZ having a data disaster and loses all the data at
Location A. Instead of trying (and praying) to get the backup tapes to work, just install the
Release Date 20 November 2016
Revised 16 December 2016
Version 1.1
https://darcr.us

dAppsheet again. No worrying about rotating tapes, drives, securing all this data at rest,
and then testing the validity of the backups. Storage consumption does not increase in
any certain amount faster than a traditional database, only the management requirement
goes down. The data is available at Site A as soon as the dAppsheet is synced. No
intricate SQL settings or numerous patches and install guides to follow.
The nodes for Company XYZ are fully closed from the public. Nodes are only permitted
to connect to each other, and use SSL to replicate data between each node. There is no
public viewing of the ledger without authentication, authorization, and accounting.

Use Cases  Private, Public
For a Private, public dAppsheet we could again use NXT as the platform of choice. As
only the permissioning and viewability of the ledger changes in each example, so we will
not revisit the feature sets each time.
A company that would want to use this type of dAppsheet could be an online gambling or
dice site. This type of permissioned (you need an account to use, but anyone can make
an account) ledger is available for public viewing and scrutiny. A customer for a site would
sign up and their data is stored in the dAppsheet. While this customer places bets, the
provably fair betting hash (PFBH) is transacted into the dAppsheet. When the bet is
actually placed by clicking the Place Bet button, the PFBH, the TXID of the PFBH TX,
and the bet placed are all pushed to a verification TX. The outcome of this would be the
Release Date 20 November 2016
Revised 16 December 2016
Version 1.1
https://darcr.us

result for the bet, also being written to the dAppsheet. These transactions (or saves)
would make provably fair bets even easier to expose to the customers of the site.
Customer data is encrypted and anonymized while still providing the public proof the site
operator is acting in full faith. No 3rd party trust is necessary for provable verification of
bets.

From this graphic, imagine the bettors being in each location with the betting site having
provable backups either on-site or in another cloud instance. No customer data or bets
will be lost.

Use Case  Public, Public
For a Public, public dApsheet, again all the same standard conditions apply. For this
example, imagine a township that requires building permits for adding on a deck or room
to your house. You simply go to the permit registration site, enter the data required (GUI
built by our consultants), and publicly publish the permit data for the township to have.
There is no paper copy to have on hand, or I had it but I lost it to contend with. This
example could look just like the private/public nodes diagram.

Release Date 20 November 2016
Revised 16 December 2016
Version 1.1
https://darcr.us

What does this mean?
All of the replication, protection, encryption data is always present in each dAppsheet
implementation. We are aiming to greatly reduce the risks associated with provable data,
encryption of customer data, and disaster recovery for businesses. I have seen backup
procedures fail or get overlooked because todays IT staffs are over worked and
underappreciated. Deploying dAppsheets in an environment cuts down on the manual
human interactions for mundane but important tasks, taking care of customer and
company data! Along with providing consultation services for deploying a full dAppsheet
suite, there will be open source templates and examples for each platform we support.
We welcome the community feedback to build onto the capability and extend the reach
of dAppsheets.

Release Date 20 November 2016
Revised 16 December 2016
Version 1.1
https://darcr.us



GeoFounders
White Paper

Draft v0.4
by Shaun Shull
May 2017

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

1

Overview of the GeoFounders Project
What is GeoFounders?
GeoFounders is a software collective that creates desktop, mobile and web
decentralized applications (dApps) which run atop popular blockchain platforms.
Using custom-made middleware, GeoFounders software can switch between
different blockchain networks and, in some cases, operate on more than one
network at the same time. This feature allows customers to not only operate
GeoFounders software on their preferred network, but also ensures the longevity of
the GeoFounders software catalogue and an increase in overall potential customers.
Once application software is created and put into operation, fees are generated
through customer usage and are collected into a distribution account. This account
can be accessed at any time by those who possess GeoFounder tokens, also called
GeoUnits (GUNS). GUNS owners may collect their portion of the earnings based on
their percentage of GUNS held versus the total fixed supply. Ten percent (10%) of all
fees generated are reserved and cycled back into the process of designing,
developing and marketing new software products and services to be added to the
collective in order to increase overall fees, users and GUNS token value.
Example: If you own 5% of the total fixed supply of GUNS, then you would be
entitled to 4.5% of all earnings.

What is the goal of GeoFounders?
Our primary goal is to create useful and productive software which leverages the
unique aspects of blockchain networks and brings substantial returns to our token
holders. Our secondary goal is to help promote the understanding and adoption of
blockchain technology and to provide software that is simple enough to use for
mainstream markets and customers.

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

2

GeoFounders Middleware
GeoFounders middleware software is a crucial part of the GeoFounders
development process and software usage. Blockchain platforms are numerous and
packed with a variety of features, some the same, some vastly different. The space is
new and therefor many experiments are being attempted to figure out which
features work best. GeoFounders middleware allows us to shield our software
catalogue from this creative chaos by acting as a bridge between the different
blockchain networks and the applications. A set of internal communication
standards has been developed which allow the applications and middleware to
interact with a common and unchanging language while, in the background, the
middleware is translating responses and requests from the applications into
responses and requests that each particular blockchain platform understands. In
essence, the middleware is acting as a reliable translator. Middleware will span
across desktop, mobile and web platforms via status bar applications, remote
middleware nodes, and web browser plugins.

GeoWrap Status Bar App
The GeoFounders Desktop Middleware

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

3

Visual Representation of the GeoFounders Process

Software
Customers

Software
Customers

Software
Customers

GeoFounders Middleware

Software A

Software B

GeoFounder Dev Team & 
Third-Party Dev Partners

..

Software C

GeoFounders Collections & Distribution Account

New Software

90%

10%

GeoFounder Token
Holders

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

4

GeoFounders Process Explanation
Software Creation
In the beginning, applications are developed by the GeoFounders development
team. These applications are developed specifically for use with the GeoFounders
middleware software, which acts as a bridge between the various and growing list
of blockchain platforms and the application request and response data structure.
With the use of middleware, the GeoFounders software can remain platform
agnostic.
Software Installation
Through marketing, word-of-mouth, or the GeoFounders application store, people
learn about GeoFounders software and install an application. All applications
package the GeoFounders middleware providing multiple options to the
application user. Sophisticated users may choose to use the middleware to run a
separate node for a particular blockchain platform (Ex. Ethereum) while lesstechnical users may opt to connect to a GeoFounders-hosted public remote node in
order to save time. Once connected, the users can operate the software as intended.
If the user is new to the cryptocurrency space, tutorial links and options to purchase
tokens through third-parties are provided to help them get started.
Software Usage
Once the user begins to use a particular GeoFounders application, fees are collected
for certain features. These fees are routed into an Ethereum-based distribution
account with a particular set of smart contracts. These smart contracts enable GUNS
owners to retrieve their portion of the earnings at any time.
Continued Development and Marketing
Ten percent (10%) of revenue generated by the GeoFounders software catalogue is
reserved to continue operating GeoFounders software development and marketing
in order to increase overall revenue, users and GUNS token value.

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

5

Why should people use GeoFounders software?
Although the space is relatively new and most software requires considerate
technical knowledge, the fundamental benefits of blockchain technology is
significant and will affect most, if not all, industries. GeoFounders software is lucky
enough to benefit from these inherent features, which include:

Feature

Benefit

Plain Language

Decentralization

The collective consensus of
nodes keep the system secure.

No government, corporation or
individual can take down your
data.

Immutability

Records cannot be altered
retroactively without the
alteration of all subsequent
blocks and network collusion.

Data added through the
applications can be verified as
authentic and untampered.

No or Low Fees

Transactions are typically in
place as an incentive to miners
when validating bitcoin blocks.

Processing fees are a small fraction
of what traditional banks and
financial services charge.

In addition to the built-in features of most blockchain technology, GeoFounders
software specifically provides the following benefits:

Feature

Benefit

App Store

GeoFounders software
All GeoFounders applications have
embeds a decentralized app a store widget that allows the other
store.
applications to be downloaded.

Custom Middleware

GeoWrap acts as a bridge
between software and
blockchain platforms.

The software runs on many
different types of blockchains: Ex.
Ethereum, Rootstock, Lisk, etc.

Multilingual

GeoFounders software will
be translated into over 25
languages.

25 languages will be supported
(over time).

Optional Remote
Nodes

Mobile and non-technical
individuals can use proxy
nodes we host.

Software can connect to the
blockchain in seconds if you trust
GeoFounders servers.

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

Plain Language

6

What types of applications will GeoFounders develop?
Like the mid to late 1990s with the emergence of the Internet, we believe
blockchain technology is likely to affect every industry. Because of this belief, we are
casting a wide net and equally dividing software creation ambitions across the
Enterprise, Professional and Consumer spaces.
Below are a few of the initial first-round applications that are being developed for
the 2017-2018 product cycle:

GeoRealms
Fantasy Adventure Game

GeoBanker
Multi-Blockchain Wallet & Financial Tools

PubLub
Complete Digital Publishing Ecosystem

Opify
Business Communication Platform

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

7

How will you market GeoFounders software?
GeoFounders will use a mixture of traditional marketing techniques along with
creative solutions unique to the blockchain space. We feel there are some very big
opportunities available to us to market GeoFounders software to the public.
Blockchain technology is currently a very important and exciting topic in the
mainstream press and will likely remain so over the next few years as
cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum grow and expand their influence.
Besides campaigns, partnerships and other marketing methods, the biggest driver
of new users will likely come from the application stores embedded in all
GeoFounders software and GeoWrap. Thanks to the blockchain, GeoFounder
software can easily tap into a repository of store information and present a simple
application store to all users. Another application store in development is called
GeoDapps. This application store has a similar feel to stores such as the macOS App
Store or Windows 10 App Store except it caters exclusively to decentralized
application created by GeoFounders and third-parties. It is our hope that this store
application makes it easier for people to find decentralized software and eventually
review and rate said software.

GeoDapps
Application Store for Decentralized Apps

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

8

Token Mechanism
GeoFounders tokens have many uses.
GeoFounders tokens, also known as GeoUnits (GUNS), serve multiple purposes. The
first purpose is to act as a measurement of virtual stake regarding revenue
produced by the GeoFounders software catalogue. GUNS tokens are analyzed using
a simple formula due to the fixed nature of the GUNS supply. For every GUNS token
a person possesses, they receive 0.0000009% of the revenue generated by the
GeoFounders software collective. The more tokens you possess, the greater your
share of the revenue.
The second purpose of GUNS tokens are to act as a verification mechanism within
different GeFounder applications. Depending on the software, this authentication
process can provide different services. For example, the primary GeoFounder
members application uses token verification to allow communication within the
software while other applications provide novelty software rights, such as the ability
to name an in-game location within GeoRealms if you can verify an account with
1000 or more GUNS.

GeoFounder Members Application

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

9

Moonshine
A Blockchain Platform for GeoFounders Software Testing
Moonshine is a separate blockchain platform currently
under development and scheduled to launch in Q4
2018. Leveraging the future GeoFounders application
catalogue, Moonshine will become the testing ground
for new applications and updates to existing products.
Moonshine will eventually receive access to GeoFounder
and partner applications before other blockchain
platforms and will provide a valuable and trusted
network for the future development and growth of the
software collective.
The underpinnings of Moonshine utilize the Ethereum codebase which provide a
solid industry-tested platform from which to launch. In addition to the Ethereum
codebase, Moonshine implements an array of modifications both unique and from
existing blockchain implementations to create an ideal platform for application
development, decentralized data storage and multi-blockchain compatibility.

Moonshine Chain
Moonshine, at it's core, provides a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) consensus mechanism, a
generic pluggable second-tier network for future expansion and the Moonshine
Virtual Machine (MVM) which borrows very heavily from the Ethereum Virtual
Machine (EVM). The Moonshine chain uses tokens called "shine". This chain secures
the network, executes smart contracts and processes all transactions on the
platform (except for second-tier middle-hops). The chain is heavily optimized to
reduce data size and maintain extremely fast transaction processing. Exploration

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

10

into new pruning methods are being reviewed to possibly help reduce the size of
the blockchain further to encourage the largest number of possible nodes.

Custom Client Software
At the launch of Moonshine, GeoFounders will release custom client software. This
software will embed the features of GeoWrap and GeoDapps to create a universal
client application with both curated and uncurated decentralized app store
functionality. The design of the client software will focus on ease-of-use for
mainstream non-technical participants while still allowing advanced panels for
power-users, including a built in scripting capability for node macros. Relays and
plugins will be pluggable within the client software.

Relays
Relays are used as 2-way pegs which enable exchange with other blockchain
platform tokens. Relays are kept purposely minimal and will likely rely on an array of
federated nodes to maintain a 2-way peg with other networks. Relay nodes use the
Moonshine second-tier network to reduce blockchain bloat and enable flexible
interactions without concern to the main chain. New relays are incrementally added
based on demand and the available external resources for each platform.
Moonshine will leverage existing relay codebases to accelerate the initial
development of relays for the most popular networks.

GeoFounders Involvement
Moonshine will not have an Initial Coin Offering. The initial Moonshine supply will be
exclusively available to GeoUnit token (GUNS) holders. A call for token requests will
be held on November 1, 2018 where an Ethereum smart contract will verify requests
for Shine tokens based on GUNS ownership. If requested, the GUNS owner will
receive a 1:1 ratio of Shine tokens which will be built into the genesis block of the

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

11

Moonshine platform. The initial Moonshine token supply will be based on the final
request tally.

Purpose of Creation
The Moonshine network is being developed as a test network and alternative
platform for the GeoFounders application catalogue. Although existing blockchain
platforms provide excellent networks, it will be important for GeoFounders to have
influence and access to it's own network. The network can be used as a means for
securing the future of GeoFounders applications as well as ensuring platform-level
update capabilities, if needed, without fear of stagnation or resistance from
economically opposed entities. GeoFounders software will continue to run on all
other supported networks without change.

Existing Resources
Moonshine is built upon a foundation of existing code, protocols and concepts. The
majority of the features within the platform exist in some form or fashion on current
networks. The goal and challenge for Moonshine is to combine these technologies,
many of which are written in different programming languages, into a single, new
and functional test network.
Moonshine is still in early development. The initial codebase will be committed to
the GeoFounders GitHub account on March 1, 2018 after the development reaches
v0.1. The first Moonshine client is being developed in Rust with plans on porting to
other languages as development progresses.

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

12

GeoFounders Roadmap
The dates below reflect our development and release schedule for the GeoFounders
software catalogue assuming our funding goal is met. Most software will be
released in a three-phase process; Alpha, Beta and Version 1.0 Release. Alpha
software is typically just for testing and demonstration and will likely have a limited
user interface, software bugs and may be missing features. Alpha releases are
intended to keep the GeoFounders community involved in the ongoing
development process. Beta releases are more polished and contain the majority of
features and user interface elements. This version of the software is intended for
extensive testing in order to finalize the final release. Version 1.0 release of
GeoFounders software will be the recommended software for standard users. This
software is ready for production use with real cryptocurrency tokens.
Development & Release Schedule 2017-2019:
- July, 2017 : GeoWrap Optimization
- August, 2017 : Alpha Release of GeoRealms
- August, 2017 : Alpha Release of GeoBanker
- September, 2017 : Beta Release of GeoJournalist
- October, 2017 : Alpha Release of GeoDrawer
- October, 2017 : Release of Version 1.0 of GeFounder Members App
- November, 2017 : Alpha Release of Willmorrow
- November, 2017 : Release of Miscellaneous GeoFounders Web Tools
- December, 2017 : Beta Release of GeoBanker
- December, 2017 : Beta Release of GeoRealms
- December, 2017 : Alpha Release of PubLub
- January, 2018 : Alpha Release of Opify
- January, 2018 : Alpha Release of GeoDapps
- January, 2018 : Beta Release of GeoDrawer
- February, 2018 : Version 1.0 Release of GeoBanker

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

13

- February, 2018 : Version 1.0 Release of GeoJournalist
- February, 2018 : Beta Release of Willmorrow
- March, 2018 : Release of 2018-2019 App Schedule
- March, 2018 : Beta Release of GeoDapps
- March, 2018 : Beta Release of PubLub
- April, 2018 : Start of the Mobile Initiative
- April, 2018 : Version 1.0 Release of GeoRealms
- April, 2018 : Beta Release of Opify
- May, 2018 : Version 1.0 Release of GeoDapps
- May, 2018 : Version 1.0 Release of GeoDrawer
- June, 2018 : Version 1.0 Release of PubLub
- July, 2018 : Version 1.0 Release of Willmorrow
- August, 2018 : Version 1.0 Release of Opify
- August, 2018 : Start of Mobile Beta Releases
- September, 2018 : Start of Four Month Optimization Process
- October, 2018 : Moonshine Testnet
- November, 2018 : Updates to Web Tools
- December, 2018 : Start of Mobile Version 1.0 Launches
- February, 2019 : Moonshine Launch
- February, 2019 : Version 2.0 Release of GeoDapps
- February, 2019 : Start of Release Cycle for Apps in 2018-2019 Schedule
- March, 2019 : Version 2.0 Release of GeoJournalist
- March, 2019 : Version 2.0 Release of GeoDrawer
- April, 2019 : Version 2.0 Release of GeoBanker
- May, 2019 : Version 2.0 Release of GeoRealms
- May, 2019 : Version 2.0 Release of PubLub
- June, 2019 : Version 2.0 Release of Willmorrow
- July, 2019 : Version 2.0 Release of Opify
- September, 2019 : Application Schedule Announcements and Release Cycle
- November, 2019 : Version 2.0 of GeoFounder Member Application with New
Governance-Related Tools, Start of Discussion Regarding GeoFounders Org

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

14

Long-Term Objectives
The long term objectives of GeoFounders are as follows:


Create Highly Useful and Productive Software

We want to eradicate the what can you do with it argument related to
blockchain software. Our primary goal is to create software that people prefer to
use and enjoy, and we believe blockchain networks can help us achieve this goal.
An always available, economically plugged-in, decentralized data store network
makes our software much more powerful than a proprietary centralized system
in most scenarios. We intend to exploit every advantage as it relates to
blockchain features.



Change Industries

We love niche software that accommodates a specific group of users but the
most exciting software are those which can change the way people
communicate, work or stay organized. This is why we are working on applications
such as Opify and PubLub. We want to use the blockchain to disrupt entire
industries and change the way things are done. Thankfully this technology gives
us that opportunity to attempt just that.



Create Value for Those Who Put Their Faith In Us

We are laser-focused on creating value for our token holders. We want GeoUnits
to be a premium token that people wish to hold long term and collect earnings
from. This is why our initial development cycle include multiple methods of
discovering, installing and launching new applications and why many of our
applications have very clear and defined paths to fee collections that benefit
both the users of the software and our token holders.

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

15

GeoFounders Crowdsale
Crowdsale Information
Crowdsale Date and Pricing:
June, 2017 : For specific date and pricing please refer to the ICO Website at the
bottom of this document.
Total Fixed Supply:
100,000,000 GeoUnits (GUNS)
Crowdsale Cap and Payment Method:
Cap: 65,000,000 GUNS (65%)
Payment: ETH
Funding Goal:
10,000 ETH (Currently about $2.5 million USD)
Token Symbol for GeoUnits:
GUNS
Notes:
GeoFounders software supports many different blockchain platforms. As a matter of
convenience, we have chosen Ethereum (ETH) as the platform from which the
primary distribution contracts and token management software operate. We felt
separating the concerns across platforms would make management and
coordination untenable.

Use of Crowdsale Funds

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

16

Funds that are raised will go towards the following for GeoFounders:
Team Leads:
The current ratio of team lead versus application is 1:4. Additional trusted team
leaders would be added to GeoFounders to lower the ratio to 1:2 and for some of the
more ambitious applications 1:1.
Design:
A few reliable professional designers will be brought in-house to expedite the
creation of game assets and to improve user experience and interface design across
all applications.
Marketing & Public Relations:
We intend for version 1.0 of our product catalogue to compete with mainstream
products in the market. To accomplish this task we will utilize a combination of
traditional and unique marketing campaigns to get the word out. Campaigns will
remain within very tight budget constraints.
Business:
The blockchain space is extremely new, enabling many potential development and
partnership opportunities.
Capital Reserve:
Some capital will be kept in reserve for bootstrapping the initial application
catalogue development. A portion of the funds are allotted for potential acquisition/
acqui-hire opportunities and group opportunities that benefit the entire collective.
Capital Distribution Chart:
Crowdsale Accounts:

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

17

Development

Marketing

Legal

Biz Dev

Design

Reserve

10%

20%

40%

5%
5%
20%

The crowdsale funds will be divided into six Ethereum accounts representing the
different aspects of the business, as depicted in the chart above. By dividing these
funds in this manner we can more easily track where, when and for what the funds
are being used on.

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

18

GeoFounders Token Holder Payout
More Details Regarding GUNS Payouts
Distribution:
Distribution is determined based on GUNS ownership, with 10% of revenue alloted
towards continued development. Example: If you own 5% of the total GUNS supply
then you will receive 4.5% of the collected profits.
Non-Ethereum Payouts:
Tokens collected on non-Ethereum platforms will be liquidated on a bi-weekly basis
into ETH and transferred into the collective distribution contract. Members have the
option to use the GeoFounder application (ETA October, 2017) to specify accounts
for other platforms and have their earnings in these tokens routed to their native
accounts instead of liquidation.
Autonomous Collections:
GeoFounders utilizes Ethereum smart contracts to hold GUNS token holder
earnings until their request. Due to the nature of smart contracts, funds are not
routed to accounts and instead must be requested by the token holder.
Manual or Periodic Collections:
Some GeoFounders software will have manual or semi-manual fee collection
processes. When necessary, funds collected through this process will be transferred
to a trusted oracle, then liquidated and routed to the GeoFounders distribution
contract.
Transparency:
Transparency will be employed regarding any interactions with GeoFounders funds
not immediately visible in the blockchain.

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

19

GeoFounders Team
Business & Marketing Team Lead
Edward Shull is a former senior analyst at Morgan Stanley and
a veteran of the banking and web startup industry. For the
past decade Mr. Shull has operated a boutique web
consultancy called USWeb with clients ranging from Forbes
and Dow Jones to ABN AMRO Bank and Nasdaq.
Mr. Shull's past experience makes him uniquely qualified in the blockchain space for he has
worked in a variety of positions within financial service and Internet startup organizations.
Such experience includes working in customer relations for Chase Bank, as a loan officer for
a small Chicago lending firm, in a Silicon Valley startup incubator and as a senior analyst for
Morgan Stanley specializing in CRM software.
Mr. Shull became interested in the blockchain space after investing in the Ethereum ICO
and participating in numerous discussions regarding blockchain technology and it's
potential for financial service applications. Mr. Shull studied computer science and
marketing at Harvard University. During his free time, Mr. Shull enjoys writing, spending
time with his son Michael and listening to the heavenly music of the 80s.
Programming Team Lead
Shaun Shull is a senior programmer with over 20 years
experience in the software industry. For the past decade Mr.
Shull has worked as the lead developer for USWeb, a familyrun web consultancy.
Mr. Shull began his programming career at the age of 14,
learning Perl and writing his first commercial program for a small advertising business.
After high school in the late 90's, Mr. Shull moved across the country to Silicon Valley where

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

20

he gained valuable knowledge and experience working for many high-profile companies
such as 3Com, Oracle, Visa and numerous web startups.
In 2003 Mr. Shull joined USWeb and lead development for important clients including
CNET, Hachette Filipacchi and Booz Allen Hamilton. During Mr. Shull's research efforts he
discovered Bitcoin and the fascinating technological concepts behind it. Although missing
out on Bitcoin, this fascination would eventually lead to Mr. Shull's investment into the
Ethereum crowd sale and the creation of his own crypto-portfolio management software.
This software would become the foundation of GeoFounders.
Game Design Team Lead, Programming & Marketing Support
Michael Shull is a software programmer and web developer
with a strong passion for Bitcoin and related blockchain
technologies. Mr. Shull is a recent graduate of Harvard
University with a Master's degree in Liberal Arts with a focus
on Digital Media Design. His other credentials include a
Bachelor's degree in Communications from UNLV and a
Certificate in Web Technologies from Harvard University.
While getting an education, Michael worked as a junior programmer, web developer and
Unity/Unreal game designer at USWeb alongside his father and cousin. At USWeb he was
responsible for assisting with content management software programming, video
production and general web development tasks.
Mr. Shull became interested in the blockchain space during his last two years at university.
For his final Capstone project, Mr. Shull programmed a cross-platform blockchain-based
address book application that required no third party hosting service or technical expertise
to operate. This project sparked his continued fascination with blockchain technology and
it's potential to change the world.

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

21



Alex Barlow

Chris Kissel

Partner

Senior Analyst of Cyber Security

Robins Cloud Law Firm

Frost & Sullivan

John Law

Danny Roberts

Network Manager & Senior

Graphic Designer, International

Programmer

Gaming Technologies (IGT) &

Holley Performance Products

Former Designer for Jet Set
Games

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

22

Terms & Conditions
Warning: GeoFounders is a high-risk pre-sale purchase. Do not purchase GeoUnit
Tokens (GUNS) without fully understanding the products being sold and the risks
associated with blockchain-related software and cryptocurrency pre-sales.
Ownership of GeoUnit Tokens (GUNS) carries no rights express or implied. Purchases
of GeoUnit Tokens (GUNS) are non-refundable. Purchasers should have no
expectation of influence over governance of the platform.
By participating in the sale of GeoUnit Tokens (GUNS), you expressly acknowledge
and represent that you have carefully reviewed the Terms and Conditions and fully
understand the risks, costs, and benefits of purchasing GeoUnit Tokens (GUNS) and
agree to be bound by these Terms. As set forth further below, you further represent
and warrant that, to the extent permitted by law, you are authorized to purchase
GeoUnit Tokens (GUNS) in your relevant jurisdiction, are of a legal age to be bound
by these Terms, and will not hold GeoFounders, its parent and affiliates, the officers,
directors, agents, joint ventures, employees and suppliers of GeoFounders, now or in
the future and any other member of the GeoFounders Team (collectively the
"GeoFounders Parties") liable for any losses or any special, incidental, or
consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected to the sale of
GeoUnit Tokens (GUNS).
The GeoUnit Tokens (GUNS) purchase price is exclusive of all applicable taxes. You
are responsible for determining what, if any, taxes apply to your purchase of
GeoUnit Tokens (GUNS), including, for example, sales, use, value added, and similar
taxes. It is also your responsibility to withhold, collect, report and remit the correct
taxes to the appropriate tax authorities. We are not responsible for withholding,
collecting, reporting, or remitting any sales, use, value added, or similar tax arising
from your purchase of GeoUnit Tokens (GUNS).

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

23

By transferring Ether to the GeoUnit Tokens (GUNS) address, you represent and
warrant that:


You have read and understand these Terms;



You have a sufficient understanding of the functionality, usage, storage,
transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptographic
tokens like Bitcoin and Ether, token storage mechanisms (such as token wallets),
blockchain technology and blockchain-based software systems to understand
these Terms and to appreciate the risks and implications of purchasing GeoUnit
Tokens (GUNS);



You understand and acknowledge that title to, and risk of loss of, GeoUnit Tokens
(GUNS) you purchase from Company and receive from the Smart Contract
System passes from Company to you.

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

24

Contact Information
Phone and Email
+1 (855) 259-5335
staff@geofounders.com

Website
http://www.geofounders.com

ICO Website
http://www.geofounders.com/ico/

Mailing Address
GeoFounders LLC
631 North Stephanie St.
Henderson, NV
89014

Online
Slack: https://geofounders.slack.com/
Blog: https://medium.com/@geofounders
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/geofounders
Twitter: https://twitter.com/geofounders
Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuU1g4JLAnl2baSAPq1DxHw

GEOFOUNDERS WHITE PAPER

25

Heuristically Enhanced Asynchronous Transactions

White Paper
V1.01
D.M. de Klerk | Svante Lehtinen | Heat Ledger Ltd
2016-08-02

Table of contents
1. Introduction
2. Unlimited scalability
2.1. Removal of embedded database
2.2. Use of off-heap memory
2.3. Split balances from transactions and blocks
2.4. Chain of blockchains
3. Slicing of the blockchain
3.1. General description
3.2. HEAT token distribution and the genesis block
3.3. Details of slicing
3.4. Added security from PoS consensus
3.5. Validating the most recent blocks segment
4. Networking improvements
5. Real-time external replication
5.1. The replication layer
5.2. Extending the message protocol
6. Real-Time Asset-to-Asset Exchange
6.1. Bringing Decentralized Asset Exchange to web scale
6.2. Colored accounts and private assets
6.3. Custom Asset Exchange [A2AE]
6.4. Crowfunding and Fiat trading gateways
7. Distributed Services Architecture
7.1. DSA
7.2. Services are not smart contracts
7.3. Writing Distributed Services
7.4. Service example
7.5. What type of services can we expect
7.6. Service operators privileges and liabilities
7.7. Ability to chain services
8. Smart (offline) vouchers
9. E2EE off-chain messaging
10. Account structure and aliases
10.1. HEAT account identifiers
10.2. Aliases
10.3. Empty balance pruning and temporary accounts
10.4. Minimum forger balance
___________________________
2/32

11. Account control and multi-sig
11.1. Protecting your stake
11.2. Limit on amount transferred per day
11.3. Multi-sig accounts
12. HEAT Rewards mechanism
12.1. Two-tier rewards
12.2. How to reward block generators (PoS model)
12.3. How to reward blockchain storage (PoP model)
12.4. Each segment gets the same reward
13. PoP Challenges
13.1. Fair beyond fair
13.2. The challenger account
13.4. Challenge Generation
13.5. The actual challenge
14. Conclusion
15. White Paper Version history

___________________________
3/32

Introduction
HEAT Ledger is a self-appointed Gen 3.0 cryptocurrency platform focusing on resolving the two
most pressing pitfalls of the existing 2.0 and 1.0 cryptocurrency server software solutions; Low
transaction rate throughput and the burden of hosting large blockchain files on any single p2p node.
Like the HEAT software itself, this document is work in progress that will be amended and expanded
as the project evolves. V1.0 is designed to deliver a reasonably complete, quasi-technical treatise on
the basic elements of the initial HEAT system available at the time of genesis block in September
2016.
HEAT is in part inspired by open source NXT1 as it uses the time proven Proof-of-Stake consensus
algorithm but tuned up for 25-second blocks2. Feature wise, many parts of the HEAT service offering
and middleware solutions are based on those originally developed for FIMK 3. On other parts the
HEAT core is fully rewritten in Java, making it optimally suited for custom financial business
applications by providing microsecond latency (up to 15-30 million writes per second), vastly
increased vertical scalability, and superior failover resiliency when compared to legacy datasystems.
HEAT general technical highlights:







Written in enterprise friendly Java
Based on secure, MIT licensed NXT for cryptography and p2p consensus code
Architected with re-use for private chains in mind
Optimized for speed and low memory usage
Massively scalable through the use of not one single blockchain, but a chain of
blockchains (only the last one in the chain is required on each node)
On application level contains all the latest 2.0 cryptocurrency features and more,
including custom asset-to-asset trading, distributed apps and end-to-end encrypted
instant messaging.

HEAT as a cryptocurrency employs radically new approaches to the way cryptocurrencies are built,
the most notable of these being complete removal of the embedded database. Another major core
change consists of changes to the mechanism the network layer works.
For storing the consensus blockchain, HEAT does not use single blockchain file ever increasing in
size. Instead HEAT makes use of serialized blockchain files of a limited size, accompanied by small
balance files. When the latest blockchain file reaches threshold size (of a few GB, specified at genesis
block) the protocol will automatically switch to a new blocks file cryptographically linked to the
previous blocks & balance files. The details to achieve this are in principle rather similar to how
blocks are chained to each other.

1

https://nxt.org
Average block target
3
http://fimk.fi
2

___________________________
4/32

Through these radical changes to both the storage layer and the networking layer we estimate it is
possible to sustain at least 1000 transactions per second load 24/7 all year round.
A theoretical constant rate of 1000 tps would produce 6.3 TB worth of archivable blocks files per year
or roughly 3 new block files per day, all on commodity (affordable) hardware.
Would however the need arise to process even higher numbers - eventually approaching the VisaNet
max level of 56.000 tps4) thanks to the vertical scalability of HEAT all thats needed to support these
kind of boost rates are just stronger servers with more processing cores and RAM onboard.

Unlimited Scalability
Many of us have heard of the issue of "scalability" which most popular blockchains face. The
difficulty of handling an ever increasing number of transactions on the blockchain puts a growing
pressure on the resources of each node in the network.
Of the current generation of blockchains (eg. Bitcoin 5, Ethereum6, Dash7, NXT8) most have an
embedded database where they store both all blocks data and all balances.
Those embedded databases give the user the ability to ask the running coin daemon for any block or
transaction from the past. While in lack of a better solution this sure helps users, it in fact does not
help the core p2p operations at all. Instead it comes at a brobdingnagian cost, especially for
blockchains that skip the usage of more performant LevelDB 9 but opt for the featureful and thus
slower H210 SQL database.
LevelDB has its limitations also; you cannot store anything in LevelDB that requires more than one
hard disk, more practically the maximum size is as low as 100 GB.
As stated, the core p2p process has no use for the past blocks and transactions. All access that is really
required on constant basis is access to the most recent 720 blocks. This is needed for removing
transactions in the rare case of a blockchain fork resolution.

Removal of embedded database
Not embedding LevelDB or H2 to store transactions and blocks, account balances and the order books
for all asset pairs, HEAT uses custom build storage and access solution based on Memory Mapped
Files and tailored specifically to address the needs of a cryptocurrency node.

4

https://usa.visa.com/dam/VCOM/download/corporate/media/visa-fact-sheet-Jun2015.pdf
https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin
6
https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum
7
https://github.com/dashpay/dash
8
https://bitbucket.org/JeanLucPicard/nxt/src
9
http://leveldb.org/
10
http://www.h2database.com/html/main.html
___________________________
5/32
5

In computing, mmap(2) is a POSIX-compliant Unix system call that maps files or devices into
memory. It is a method of memory-mapped file I/O. It naturally implements demand paging,
because file contents are not read from disk initially and do not use physical RAM at all. The
actual reads from disk are performed in a "lazy" manner, after a specific location is
accessed. 11
Memory mapped files offer us the possibility to access disk stored data in random sequence and at
near RAM memory speeds - without the need to load this data in RAM. (The idea originally inspired
by Ramchains12 implementation by jl777).

Use of off-heap memory
HEAT is written in Java and thus uses the Java Garbage Collector to manage and free app memory
not used any longer. While Java offers much safer code with regard to memory management than do
apps written in C or C++, this safety comes at a big cost. Applications written in C or C++ don't have
a Garbage Collector and thus don't have to pause execution of other code while the GC is doing its
thing.
Inspired by the High-Frequency Trading13 industry we were lead to investigate the software
components used by these HFT companies. HFT requires massive amounts of data that need to be
accessed at lightning speeds. The needs of HFT systems and Blockchains systems overlap.
Our search lead us to Chronicle Software14, more specifically their LGPL licenced product Chronicle
Map.15

Chronicle Map/Queue Properties
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.

High throughput, low latency, cross process, persisted key value store.
Off heap data storage, with microsecond latency.
Designed to be used in Java, in a pauseless, garbage free manner.
Better utilizes your existing hardware by offering vertical scalability.
Concurrent writes on one machine using single copy in memory.
Resilient writes ( if a process dies, the last write is not lost).
Entirely embedded, no need for any additional processes.
30 million updates per second with 500 million key-values on a 16 core machine,
with a 64 MB heap and no minor collections.
Data is not lost even if the JVM crashes on the next line.

An important part is the application startup process, where it might be needed to scan all transactions
on the blockchain to rebuild or validate the various running balances. Loading a multi-giga-byte block
file into a memory mapped file is not a problem since this takes just about a second.
11

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mmap
http://wiki.supernet.org/wiki/Ramchains
13
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-frequency_trading
14
http://chronicle.software/
15
https://github.com/OpenHFT/Chronicle-Map
___________________________
6/32
12

Subsequently scanning through all the transactions is made extremely fast by using off-heap memory
during the scanning process exclusively, eliminating the need for the Garbage Collector to even run.
Regular startups of HEAT without the need to scan transactions are near instant since all that has to be
loaded are the balance files which require much less space than the block files.

Split Balance Storage from Transactions & Blocks
In cryptocurrency / decentralized ledger architecture you always have a list of transactions since the
Genesis block. Reading all those transactions allows you to build up the balances for each account.
The storage needed for balances is much less than what we need to store the actual transactions. As an
example let's imagine that 100,000 individual accounts have made a total of 100,000,000 transactions.

Accounts
Transactions

Total

Size (in bytes)

Total size

100,000

20 (key=8,val=12)

2 MB

100,000,000

200

20 GB

As can be seen the total amount of storage needed to store the balances for 100,000 accounts is just 2
MB. Translate this to an account for all the ~3 billion 16 users on the internet and we'll end up with a
balance file of just 60 GB.
HEAT produces several distinct files all loaded as memory mapped files and all serving a
homogenous data type. There are files for unconfirmed balances, confirmed balances, unconfirmed
and confirmed asset balances but also for open buy and sell orders. Each of these files comes with an
accompanying recovery file that holds the transactional data of the last grouped update.
The recovery files serve dual purpose: we use them to rollback a transaction (grouped set of updates)
and we use them to recover on startup when the app process has crashed or was stopped for another
reason (system crash/power outage).

A Chain of Blockchains
[to be implemented after the HEAT main net has been successfully released]
In HEAT instead of one single blockchain we have segmented parts of the blockchain. Segments are
numbered and there is no limit to the number of segments.
Balances are distributed separately from the blocks and transactions in the blockchain segment.
Balance files are much smaller than blockchain files.
The balance files accompany each segment file, you need to scan a segment using the balance file as a
starting point to get at the final balance for that segment. Contained in the balance file is a
cryptographic checksum of the expected post-scan balance which should match - if there is no match
the segment is invalid.
16

http://www.statista.com/statistics/273018/number-of-internet-users-worldwide/
___________________________
7/32

Lets take an example of a new HEAT user, Bob. Bob downloads HEAT client-server package, and
with this comes the initial balance file. Bob then also downloads all balance files for all segments
(these are around 2 MB per segment). Finally Bob downloads the most recently sealed segment.
Bob can verify that all balance files that he has downloaded all link back all the way to the original
genesis segment.
Each balance file comes with a SHA256 hash of the previous balance file, plus a 265 bit
CHECKSUM of all the balances in the previous balance file.
So when Bob downloads all balance files (1/~10,000 the size of the blocks) his HEAT software can
verify all balance files all the way to the last one for which he has downloaded the segment.
When Bobs HEAT server software now applies all transactions he gets the starting balance from
where he can start downloading transactions from the network.
Block height counter is tracked separately and it keeps increasing normally when a new blockchain
segment is started.

Slicing of the blockchain
General description
Note that these parts are still in development, up for discussion and we cannot rule out changes in the
details of the implementation plan.
Why is HEAT launched without the blockchain slicing operational? There is no great urgency to get
the first block split on the main net, and that fact does not arise only because the mass of stored data is
small right after release. More importantly - unlike cryptocurrencies driven by database storage HEAT does not get significantly slower over time for the growing pile of archival transactions. The
blocks and transactions are stored in HEAT in a way that imposes very small computational and
memory-wise cost to the resources.
HEAT is already capable of supporting the first block segment of a huge size, while for Bitcoin or
NXT for instance a blockchain of several hundred gigabytes up to 1 or more terabyte would require
extremely powerful servers. All HEAT needs is just the disk space, relatively fast disks (ssd) and a
modest amount of RAM. Servers with 2 to 4 GB RAM work fine.
This is possible since we store blocks and transactions all one after the other on disk, scanning the
blocks and transactions in order literally means reading each byte on disk one after the other. No
faster method than this exists in non-experimental computing up to date.

___________________________
8/32

All the other parts of the HEAT framework are ready for block segment splitting. Already all balance
storages have been constructed in ways to support this.
The practical benefits of allowing distributed archival of small sliced block files, and also proper
implementation of the HEAT Proof-of-Presence incentive mechanism demand eventual
implementation of the sliced blockchain structure not long after the launch of HEAT main net.

HEAT token distribution and the genesis block
From July 11th through August 8th 2016 HEAT has had its initial public distribution, or Initial Coin
Offering [ICO] period, during which founders reserve their stake of the HEAT tokens. Each founder
gets her share of HEAT tokens based on the proportional amount of price laddered HEAT ICO credits
they have pledged through paying a freely chosen amount of BTC, NXT, FIMK or ETH to Heat
Ledger Ltds ICO accounts - or through one of the 3rd party escrow agents used during the ICO.

To distribute the 25 Million HEAT [or 30 million in case of full reservation] after the ICO period is
over, Heat Ledger Ltd arranges the required facilities on the heatledger.com web site. Stakeholders
need to go through an authentication process, consisting of creation of an individual HEAT founder
account to which the HEAT tokens are transferred immediately after automated ownership
verification of the original credit purchasing cryptocurrency account.
All these initial accounts are imported into a special piece of data file called the genesis block. In
practice this part of the genesis block inclusion looks like a plain text file with entries on each new
line where each entry contains a public key in HEX form and a balance displayed in the smallest unit
of HEAT (HQT, Heat QuotienT).
In the HEAT server source code there is a hardcoded SHA256 hash with which we first validate the
genesis plain text file before we generate the genesis block that starts the chain. The choice to place
the genesis accounts in a separate file instead of hard coding them in the source code is to save
application memory and to more easily switch to a different genesis block when applications of the
HEAT software are used in corporate private blockchain products.
___________________________
9/32

When the genesis block is in place, it will have an entry in the blocks segment file (sequentially stored
data) and there will be an entry in the balance store for each genesis account. The balance of each
account initially will be the amount assigned in the genesis plain text file.

Details of slicing
Now that the system is ready for use, stakeholders can start sending transactions and node operators
can unlock their HEAT server and start forging blocks.
Once this process has run for a while we see some smaller data stores that hold balances, asset
balances, open orders and public keys. And one much larger (several GB) data store that holds all
transactions.
When the block slicing mechanism is deployed, all nodes on the network will know exactly at what
block height a new blocks segment will be started. Whether we hardcode that height in the source
code (easiest solution), publish that on the blockchain or use some other method where we base the
moment of the split for instance on the actual size of all blocks on disk, remains to be decided.
At the time of a split, all live running nodes - active and connected at the moment of the split - will
see a new file appear on their hard disk. If the previous segment was called heat-blockchain (for
instance) the new file would be named heat-blockchain-2. Those online servers can now serve
transactions from the past block segment to any peer that wants those as per the standard peer 2 peer
operations.
Since balance stores belong to a specific blocks store, at the moment of the split all active nodes on
the network will also generate new balance stores. There are several balance stores for all the different
types of balances. The balance stores for the new block file will initially start as exact copies of their
previous versions. This cloning as such happens extremely fast since the balance stores are based on
memory mapped files and mostly use off-heap memory.
During the cloning process when we visit each balance in a predetermined order we create a
checksum of all balances. The checksum is generated by building a SHA256 hash which is updated
with each account id + balance combo. Also added to the SHA256 hash are all the final checksums
that came out of each previous balance store before this one. So all previous checksums keep
travelling forward to the future in each new balance store.
By this chaining of checksums we make it impossible to later present an altered balance file - simply
because its checksum would never match the one for the genuine file we got during cloning.
In other words, the digest hash (checksum) from the previous step is added as a seed with all other
previous checksums for each balance file before that, stored in the new balance file. This arrangement
requires new users who come online the first time on the network later on - to download all the past
balance files to be able to validate the last transaction segment. However the new user does not need
to download the archived block segments, resulting in significant savings in the size of downloaded
data from peers.

___________________________
10/32

Added security from PoS consensus
To add a second layer of security to the sliced block files, we apply the strength of the PoS consensus
protocol and the generally recognized inability for any attacker to obtain access to over half of all the
total HEAT stake in existence.
After all nodes on the network have switched to a new segment and all have generated their new
balance stores which include the checksum of the previous balance store - starting at block 1440 of
the new segment and during 1440 blocks, each forger must include the carryover checksum in every
block it forges. If any node on the network receiving a new block finds the carryover checksum does
not match the actual correct checksum, the block is rejected.
The chance of forking the network is rather slim this way. The maximum rollback of 720 blocks has
already been passed so the network cannot go back to a point before the segment split. The only nodes
landing on a fork would be the ones who include a checksum that is considered false by the rest of the
network.
A new users HEAT server software automatically verifies that all the balance files really belong
together by calculating and comparing the balance checksums itself.
Lets take an example: We are 20 block segments in the future, so this means the total chain size
could have become perhaps larger than available space on the users hard disk. So downloading all
segments is no longer even an option for him. What he can do is download the very latest completed
blocks segment. Still a largish file of a few GB but well within the standards we are used to in the
cryptocurrency scene.
The users server software also downloads all the past balance files, but since these are 1/10,000 or
less the size of a blocks segment this has minimal performance impact. His HEAT server scans each
balance file and before accepting them makes sure all the checksums match up all the way from the
genesis to the final balance file.
Next comes the big moment; the users server needs to validate the final blocks segment it had
downloaded from the network. It needs to validate all transactions and blocks in that segment, but
without access to all previous blocks and transactions! If the protocol did require access to those past
transactions, then by definition the whole mechanism would never work as a truly global scale crypto
platform. Relying on having access to a virtually endless set of transactions does not scale under the
technology available for humankind currently.

___________________________
11/32

Validating the most recent blocks segment
HEAT has already shown it is by far the fastest public decentralized ledger available - a feat made
possible only by its unique design and the use of custom designed storage and balance components.
But speed is not enough if we cannot safely ignore the many tera- / petabytes of transactions that
would no doubt make up such a transactions network of global span. Lets walk through the process
of our friend Bob validating the block and balance files for his single node.
1. Bob has all balance files (lets say 20 generations of them)
2. Bob confirms each balance file all the way back from genesis up-to-now all connect to each
other (confirmed through checksums - each follow up balance store references its past store)
3. Bob however doesn't know if all balances are the real balances, this remains to be seen later
4. Bob downloads the most recent completed block+transactions segment
5. Bob however still cannot be sure that this is the 'real' data set, this still remains to be seen.
6. Bob downloaded block segment number 19, the network currently is at segment number 20
7. Bob now takes the balance store of segment number 18 and starts there.. The number 18
balance store should consist of exactly all the final balances on the HEAT network at the time
the number 18 segment was created and should also be the starting state of the number 19
blocks file.
8. Bob now assumes the number 18 balance file is the real balance (which could still be false but he'll find out later).
9. Bob can already confirm if the number 17 balance store has the same checksum that was
written 1440 times by all forgers at the start of the number 18 segment. This way Bob could at
least know that the full POS forging weight at that point in time agreed upon the checksum
for that balance store.
10. Bob now starts scanning segment 19, which is filled with transactions. Each transaction is
validated and applied, each time updating the final state of the number 18 balance store. Each
new transaction will update the balance store.
11. When Bob is done applying all the transactions in the number 19 blocks store, if all is correct,
his final balances should match exactly to the same balances that can be found in the number
19 final balance store.
12. Of course, it's still possible now that Bob was duped into downloading fake balances files and
he could have downloaded fake blocks segments, which all match up.
13. But to create such fake matching balances and matching transactions, that is no simple task. It
is highly unlikely an attacker could do that, but theoretically possible. To succeed with a fake
blockchain attack he needs to not only convince the majority of the network of this fact, but
also make sure the rollback required is less than 720 blocks, since that's the maximum
allowed number of blocks in a blockchain reorg. Brute forcing and discovering and
distributing such fake datasets will not only cost a lot of time, it also exposes you the moment
you start the attack. For all practical purposes this level of security is sufficient.
14. Now Bob is pretty sure his balances and transactions are valid and he starts to join the peer to
peer block distribution network.
15. On joining the network Bob will find himself at the start of segment 20, the network will start
feeding him blocks and transactions. Since at the start of the number 20 segment there are
1440 blocks that all carry the checksum for the number 19 balance store, all signed and
validated by the full POS weight of the blockchain, Bob can now be sure that all his balance
files and blocks segments are valid.
___________________________
12/32

Networking Improvements
For its Peer-2-Peer and API connections, NXT and its clones rely on Jetty17 which is an embeddable
tried and tested servlet container and web server solution, incepted in 1995.
Newer networking libraries and paradigms have however emerged. Where Jetty is a blocking network
framework - which means it schedules one thread per connection - more advanced solutions like
Netty18 used by HEAT exist.
A part of the mentioned scalability of Netty is a direct consequence of its asynchronous
design: It does not require a thread per request and is therefore able to handle more
concurrent connections with less available memory compared to a thread-per-request
approach. With less threads running on your server, the operating system will be less busy
doing context switches and other thread related overhead. This can lead to a performance
increase. In the case of Netty this seems to be true as it has found its way into businesses such
as Twitter and Facebook which handle impressive amounts of concurrent requests. (source
19
)
Existing earlier research20 has also shown the inefficiency of most of the cryptocurrency peer-to-peer
protocols. A major case of such inefficiencies is the double (or multiple) transport of blocks and
transaction data to peers that already have those blocks.
In HEAT we use a smarter protocol where peers don't transfer blocks data to other peers unless those
peers explicitly indicate they want that data.
Another difference is that we strive to connect much more peers to each other at the same time.
Again, as a reference NXT currently has a default of 20 connections that are kept alive to public
peers. With HEAT and non-blocking asynchronous websocket connections over Netty we believe we
can support between 1000 and 5000 active connections to other peers. The optimal standard number
of active connections is something still under investigation at the time of this writing.
To further optimize network performance, HEAT will exclusively use binary messages between
peers. This will significantly clip the amount network bandwidth consumed as compared to the
current situation where messages are encoded in JSON. Memory consumption can be further lowered
by passing the binary messages received over the network directly to the off-heap storage layer,
decreasing the need for garbage collection.

17

http://www.eclipse.org/jetty/
http://netty.io/
19
http://ayedo.github.io/netty/2013/06/19/what-is-netty.html
20
On Scaling Decentralized Blockchains | http://fc16.ifca.ai/bitcoin/papers/CDE+16.pdf
___________________________
13/32
18

Real-Time External Replication
By discarding the database from the HEAT core we have removed one of the major bottlenecks of the
daily p2p and consensus operations. By no longer having to worry about later discoverability of
transactions and blocks, we have been able to:
1. Scale infinitely - since there is no more need for each peer to on demand produce data from
any transactions from the past
2. Improve performance - We no longer need to re-index the whole database table upon each
insert, because processing new transactions now only requires storing them at the end of the
list of existing transactions.
Through these implementations we however lose the possibility to perform powerful SQL queries of
the blocks and transaction data using only a regular peer. To accommodate for this loss of
functionality and even go way beyond, we have created the replication layer.

The Replication Layer
The replication layer is an event based optional and configurable event sink mechanism where you
run HEAT together with a MySQL 21 [or another brand of] database server. This server can be either
on the same machine or somewhere else on the local network.
MySQL support comes out of the box, but in turn it builds on a generic implementation that allows to
write an event sink to any type of database server. All you need to add is a vendor specific Java class
that provides all the database specific SQL queries for that database and HEAT will happily replicate
to that database type.
Standard parts we real-time replicate include:
1. Confirmed and unconfirmed transactions. While the HEAT core handles and stores confirmed
and unconfirmed transactions separately, through the replication abstraction we are able to
produce a coherent collection of transactions consisting of all unconfirmed transactions at the
start of the collection and all confirmed transactions behind that.
This greatly eases creating a client view of all real-time transactions.
2. All balances for all accounts
3. All blocks metadata. We don't store the block contents or signatures, saving a lot of storage.
4. All public keys for all accounts
5. All messages either sent as regular message transaction or included as a message attachment
to any type of transaction. Optionally you can configure HEAT with your private key and all
messages are replicated encrypted. This gives someone running replication the possibility to
store all his private data encrypted on the blockchain - yet have it replicated and unencrypted
in real-time to his/her MySQL server for fast indexing, custom queries etc.
6. All assets, trades and orders. Orders are matched in real-time based on unconfirmed
transactions. In case a new block indicates we have not matched our orders correctly
according to our view of the unconfirmed transaction ordering, this is corrected instantly upon
seeing the new block over the event sink.
21

https://www.mysql.com/
___________________________
14/32

Extending The Message Protocol
For commercial projects before the concrete plan for HEAT materialized, we had to handle a number
of domain objects that had to be stored on the blockchain, yet also be available in real-time in our
MySQL application server.
For this we have created an addition to the replication layer where you can create binary messages
[either encrypted or not] recognized by the replication code and handed off to their correct handlers.
These handlers have to be written by the user; handlers are Java classes that have an unique ID and
that know how to interpret binary message input - and apply that data to the MySQL database.
The replication extensions in most cases need additional table definitions, for this out of the box there
is a schema versioning solution where all you need to enter are your table definitions or updates.
HEAT replication will take care of applying these updates when needed.
It turned out to be very simple to integrate binary message support into the HEAT HTML5 client
framework. Things get even easier through use of TypeScript as the client language. TypeScript
allows us to create interfaces that perfectly wrap and handle the binary data encodings.
For now HEAT has only used custom built message handlers. But this is not how we intend our users
to utilize them. A big part of the handler work consists of manually entering code that interprets the
binary data and translates that to variables (numbers, strings etc). This is tedious work and perfectly
suited for automation. All thats needed is a set of table definitions and some formalized message data
structures.
We have not concluded exactly how to best expose the extended messaging protocol to allow anyone
to run his own custom protocol on top of HEAT. Ideas range from Java helper classes to JSON to a
custom DSL22 based on JRuby23.

Real-Time Asset-to-Asset Exchange
Bringing Decentralized Asset Exchange to web scale
Through the help of real-time replication presented in the previous section, we have been able to
create a relatively efficient live view of the state of all orders in the HEAT Asset-to-Asset Exchange
[A2AE].
Traditionally, asset exchange applications based on cryptographic ledgers are not suited for high
speed trading. In fact they are usually anything other but real-time, due to the serious speed
limitations of applying transaction data to blocks with a delay of up to several minutes before
becoming available for further transactions.

22
23

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain-specific_language
http://jruby.org/
___________________________
15/32

In order to expose the HEAT A2AE on web scale to a massive audience, we have implemented a
secondary web application that serves the APIs that the client uses to show the full trading UI. All of
this is external to the functioning of the HEAT core and thus has no impact on the magnitude of
orders and users the protocol can handle.
For a client prototype we have created a Play! Framework Application in Scala that connects to the
replicated MySQL database to expose this real-time exchange data. Tests have shown we can serve
huge numbers of users and process enormous numbers of orders all from a relatively light server.
NOTE: Real time asset exchange data is not new. In FIMK and NXT+24 (See example of Supernet
Asset over Virtual Exchange25) we have already created a mechanism called Virtual Exchange Layer
which does a similar thing. The difference to HEAT is that whereas the Virtual Exchange Layer is an
API that calculates the most recent order state on each request, with HEAT the final order state is
always available at any time straight from MySQL (or whatever database you use for replication).
As a part of the process to implement a new generation scalable blockchain and bring most of the
features of legacy trading platforms to blockchain, HEAT introduces mandatory expiration of orders.
Expiration is achieved in a two step process; First the orders are recorded with an expiration
timestamp between 1 second and 2,592,000 seconds (30 days) from order time. While the HEAT
client UI and order matching middle layer ignore any expired orders at any time, such orders are
completely purged in a blockchain rescan every 24 hours.

Colored accounts and Private assets
The unique colored account implementation that FIMK has provided since early 2016, enabling
custom assets26 pricing and trading, is ported to HEAT as is. The idea of a colored account is that you
can create colored coins within the HEAT ledger by simply tagging an account instead of tagging a
subset of tokens. As the creator of a color you can transmutate any HEAT you own into that color and
change any colored HEAT back into HEAT again.
Once having created new colored tokens you can use all the features of HEAT. The features available
work only as long as you are using them within a subset of accounts assigned to the same account
color.
While all standard assets in the HEAT asset exchange are priced in HEAT, creating an asset
through a colored account imposes the created assets price base for the particular account color
(for instance EUR) instead of HEAT. This step alone gives birth to custom assets priced in another
asset. However, to isolate the colored asset from the general HEAT token flow, all accounts
wishing to trade that asset need to be again assigned the correct color by the asset issuer.
HEAT includes a yet another asset feature making it possible to mark an asset private, for both
colored and standard assets. Private assets can only be traded by accounts selected by the asset
issuer. In addition private assets can use custom order and trade fees charged from the users
eventually broadcasting their buy / sell / cancel order transactions.
24

https://github.com/fimkrypto/nxt-plus
https://www.mofowallet.com/launch.html#/assets/nxt/12071612744977229797/trade
26
https://lompsa.com/#/activity/fim/assets/latest
___________________________
16/32
25

Custom Asset Exchange [A2AE]
As the term implies, Asset-to-Asset Exchange enables trading of custom tokens, priced in any other
custom token. The pricing currency issue has generally been a problem child for the few crypto
ledgers that have the asset exchange functionality available at all. In addition to FIMK, at least
Bitshares27 and more recently the Waves28 technology have made it possible to price assets in any
other token.
HEATs initial version achieves the custom assets functionality through the colored accounts
mechanism. We have implementation plan standing by for more direct native Asset-to-Asset trading,
which will be deployed once the HEAT main net has been launched and is running in a stable
condition for a while. At that time, the HEAT system will support multiple different technical routes
to issue, price and trade custom assets, making it suitable for a wide variety of real world business
applications.

Crowdfunding and Fiat trading gateways
The flexibility and robust processing capabilities of the HEAT A2AE are specifically fit for any kind
of crowdfunding and share issuance applications. Evolved from traditional crowdfunding, projects
crowdfunded through HEATs system may issue tokens for investors and enable immediate or later
phase trade of these tokens on the HEAT decentralized [or companys privately commissioned] crypto
ledger. Large volume trading with instantly matched trades no longer produce any hindrance thanks to
HEATs HFT processing speed.
Colored semi-public tokens - or private proprietary blockchains - are the obvious choice to represent
national fiat money [EUR, USD] against which real world assets are priced in. While it is technically
possible to arrange fiat assets for any of the competing platforms mentioned previously, the obstacles
to achieve real fiat trading on blockchain are more acutely related to regulatory and legal obstacles.
Thus the point of entry is often too high - or rather obscure - for licensed money transmitter business
to engage in mission critical fiat operations through experimental p2p public ledgers.
Heat Ledger Ltds business model is to provide custom trading blockchains for corporate use, as well
as low point of entry to the public HEAT blockchain for medium weight agile FSPs 29. Through this
incentive the company strives towards joint venture projects with licensed money transmitters, to
provide a showcase of real world fiat applications used through the HEAT software. The nontechnical details of this subject are outside the scope of this document and are discussed elsewhere
when permitted by the business arrangements.

27

https://bitshares.org/
https://wavesplatform.com
29
Financial Service Provider
28

___________________________
17/32

Distributed Services Architecture (DSA)
NOTE: The name distributed services architecture is already in use http://iot-dsa.org/
HEAT answers the call for blockchain based distributed applications in its own ingenious way. We
have named the technique "Distributed Services Architecture" [DSA]. With DSA HEAT users are
able to write software applications in either Java or JavaScript and have these apps serve clients
interactively using the blockchain as (encrypted) distributed state full memory space. DSA is based on
proprietary stateful interactive communication protocol, indeed being very similar to the well known
HTTP protocol powering the internet today.
With DSA in the HEAT core will allow the creation of a wide range of digital currency and p2p
database services. The services can be offered in a decentralized and anonymous way and service
providers can prove they have acted fair.
Anyone is free to offer any kind of mostly automated services by just offering them on their HEAT
software node. Any of these services would normally require fairly technical setup which at least
requires running and securing an always online server and writing software that handles the
automation part.
The distributed services architecture solves the following difficulties normally faced with when
developing and offering cryptocurrency or other digital services.
1. No need for web server - you run HEAT node and install your automated services on HEAT
2. No need to write the service's software: That is if you use one of the pre-built services and
offer it as your own
3. Service operator can stay completely anonymous
a. Instead of an HTTP web server, the DSA protocol allows you to run your service
even by being online briefly only, for instance only a few minutes each day. The
protocol would still allow users to interact with your service as if you were always
online.
b. HEAT can be run over TOR to even further mask the service provider's identity
4. No way to cheat for service operator
a. The service implementation code can be made publicly available.Since all service
inputs and outputs are on the blockchain they can all be verified by anyone with
access to the blockchain.
b. Imagine a service where you can exchange cryptocurrencies. When you interact with
a DSA service and after first contact it gives you a price/quote for which it will
exchange your cryptocurrencies. We now have a public record of that service
provider handing you that quote. This helps the customer to inspect all the previous
uses of the service (and how the service obliged to them). On the other hand the
service that gave you the quote also uses it during the processing of the service
requests. The stored record from the point of view of the service is basically an
execution context that never expires - giving the service script access to all archived
inputs and outputs as if they were simple variables to the service script.

___________________________
18/32

5. Ability to chain services and create service networks: Distributed services are meant for
reusability. The idea here is that eventually thousands of individual services are run on the
HEAT blockchain, then new services can be constructed by re-using existing services and
making them available to end users.

Services Are Not Smart Contracts
DS are by no means Smart Contracts, the main reason being that according to our definition of smart
contract, a smart contract runs independently and runs on all peers in the network.
Distributed services are different in several ways.
Distributed Service

Smart Contract

Is invoked by blockchain "events"

YES

YES

Receives its input over the blockchain

YES

YES

Returns its output over the blockchain

YES

YES

Runs at massive scale, individual services don't run on
all nodes in the network.

YES

NO

Author can stay anonymous

YES

YES

Comes with built in, powerful payment solution

YES

YES

Can access data from outside the blockchain (exchange
rates, betting scores etc.)

YES

NO

Can invoke external services or perform outside of
YES
blockchain actions (like sending email or wiring EUR to
a receiver)

NO

Can be chained: You can build new services/contracts
by combining existing services/contracts

YES

YES

Can interact with other blockchains

YES

NO

Running contract/service is free

YES

NO

Writing Distributed Services
Writing distributed services is made easy. While all the input and outputs to and from all services are
encoded as dense binary messages, this does not mean creating services (especially from JavaScript or
even better in TypeScript) requires any knowledge of this.
All the input and output marshalling is handled by the HEAT DS libs. What remains for the service
creator is only implementing the service class itself.

___________________________
19/32

A Service Example
Without going into too much detail let's describe how we write a very simple service that automates
sending an email for us. Why do we need such a service you might ask?
It could be ideal as a building block for other services to include the option to send emails, for
instance a service that provides Two-Factor Authentication (just an example).
The following service is written in TypeScript, a language created by Microsoft and that compiles to
Javascript. The HEAT client framework is completely written in TypeScript.
class SendEmailInput {
sender = ""
recipient = ""
subject = ""
body = ""
}
class SendEmailOutput {
success = true
}
class SendEmailService extends DistributedService {
public api = {
"sendEmail": {
"input": SendEmailInput,
"output": SendEmailOutput,
"fee": (input: SendEmailInput) => {
return input.body.length * 0.001;
}
}
};
public sendEmail(transaction: Transaction,
input: SendEmailInput,
callback: (output: SendEmailOutput) => void) {
emailAPI.sendEmail(input.recipient, input.sender,
input.subject, input.body).then(
(success: boolean) => {
callback({ success: success });
}
)
};
}

As you can see there isnt a lot of code. Yet with this piece of code alone, compiled and installed in
your HEAT services directory you could be serving anyone in the world who wants to send an
automated email.
You would each time be receiving a fee payment in HEAT and your service will not run until the
price you declared was paid in full to your account.
___________________________
20/32

Besides sending email, there are numerous other - some seen before in other environments and some
never thought about - small software services you or other users can create on the HEAT DSA. Those
service implementers don't have to write the actual service code. Instead they could use your service
(such as the email snippet above), or another service your service is networking with, and pass on the
(minimal) cost for using your service to the customer.

What Type of Services Can we Expect
The sky is the limit with regard to the types services that can be expected to run on the HEAT
network. However below is described an example set of services to broadly convey an idea of what is
possible.
We list a set of service categories - although the list is limited in size note that these categories can be
applied to almost any cryptocurrency and even every FIAT currency out there today.
1. Oracle service
An oracle writes a (foreign) fact to the blockchain. Through an oracle it becomes possible to
create a transaction on the HEAT blockchain that does not execute until an event outside the
HEAT blockchain has happened. A Good example of using an oracle: Bob sends Alice HEAT
tokens but the transaction will not execute before the oracle service writes to blockchain the
transaction details of Alice about her BTC payment to Bob.
2. Escrow service
Requesting a new escrow, both parties send money to the escrow. Escrow will not release
funds before both parties agree. Could be combined with oracle service where escrow
releases funds based on an oracle saying the requirements are met.
3. Time-based data decryption (secret reveal) service
Based on a certain date [block height], transaction on the HEAT blockchain or some other
real world event coming from an oracle this service decrypts and publishes / sends to predefined recipient some secret you gave it in advance.
4. Co-signer service
For use with multi-sig transactions on BTC/ETH/HEAT/etc. The user of this service will use
the service provider public key as a required co-signer of a multi signature transaction. When
the requirement is met the service provider will add his signature to the multi-sig transaction
which will then execute.
5. Gateway trade bot service
With a gateway trade bot service you can buy/sell cryptocurrency on an exchange.
An example of such a service would be users sending ETH to the service ETH address. When
received the service will immediately sell the ETH for BTC and transfer the real BTC for the
seller.
6. Webshop simplification
If you sell digital products on the internet (music or video files for instance) you
could create a service where you either return a link to download the digital product,
or you could return a cryptographic key for the buyer to unlock the digital product.

Creating a new service implementation for one of the categories would consist of copying an existing
implementation and only changing the details, which in some cases could be just a single line of code.
___________________________
21/32

Service operators privileges and liabilities
1. Anonymity and the option for strong cryptographic identification - Service operators can
remain anonymous. Because all contact with the service operator runs over the blockchain,
additionally protected by TOR IP anonymizing relay layer if desired, there is no direct way to
pinpoint the physical location of the service unless the service operator wants so.
On the other hand, since the service is identified by its HEAT account id this offers a strong nonbreakable proof of identity when desired. Also hallmarking [public registration of your node IP
address] a HEAT node can be used to provide higher level of cryptographic proof about the service
operators identity and even location, where desired by the service operator himself.
2. Fraud proof technically, enhanced with decentralized reputation system - The service operator
can of course cheat, for instance if an oracle service writes to the blockchain that a certain BTC
transaction has happened while in reality it did not, the operator could that way keep funds that do not
belong to him.
But anyone who wants can simply verify that what the oracle has written in such a case is actually
false. This could even be automated from the HEAT client where with a single click your client
downloads the service implementation code and runs it, using the same inputs since they are on the
blockchain, thus revealing a fake result.
What also becomes an important factor when multiple service providers offer the same service, is how
much trust or reputation the provider has. Simple feedback can be made available as comments
attached to the service operator, or if required a more detailed reputation system may be created which
will use the blockchain as its backbone.

Ability to chain services
Since service inputs and outputs are both on the blockchain it is possible to chain one service after the
other. Because you call a service through a payment transaction that transaction could be made to
execute only when certain requirements are met. This chaining feature enables the emergence of
automated software service networks of massive scale, that could become sophisticated enough to
provide services based on AI implementations or neural expert systems.

Smart (offline) Vouchers
Smart Vouchers is a unique HEAT feature that allows anyone with a HEAT account to generate
possibly millions of transactions and hand those out to anyone in the world, all for the price of a
single transaction fee.
Smart Vouchers are conditional transactions (payments, messages, asset transfers etc.) that can be
generated offline, completely free of charge.
Unlike standard transactions Smart Vouchers are not stored on the blockchain. Instead they are
generated offline and handed out one by one to their recipients in the form of either a very small file
or a piece of text of varying length.
___________________________
22/32

Either way, the voucher is a fully signed transaction which can be sent to the blockchain either by
anyone (in case the voucher is not fixed to one account) or only by the account the voucher was
created for.
The smart part of HEAT vouchers is their conditionality. While you can generate a million vouchers,
if you make each voucher only valid if a certain alias has a certain value (or falls in a certain range of
values) you now have a way to securely hand out vouchers in mass quantities and externally control
their validity.
Use cases for smart vouchers range from decentralized lotteries to methods of more easily introducing
new users to the HEAT network services through for instance rebate coupons. Smart vouchers allow
business operators to hand out free HEAT assets but at zero cost if the user does not use his voucher.

E2EE off-chain messaging
HEAT contains native messenger that can send not only blockchain archived message transactions,
but also off-chain messages free of charge between two endpoints. This kind of messaging is end-toend encrypted, as the only way to decrypt the transmitted data is by using either the senders or the
receivers private key. Off-chain messaging also does not leave an archive of the encrypted message
(or metadata) to the blockchain, giving an impression of more secure way of communication than
blockchain based messaging.
To use off-chain messaging, both parties of the message channel need to be online at the time of
message sending. Gossip30 protocol is used to transmit the messages. The gossip protocol is basically
the peer-to-peer protocol that assures all transactions are distributed throughout the network among all
peers. HEAT reuses that protocol to allow flow of selected messages over the same protocol, free of
charge yet still limited and overseen, prioritized lower than transactions and based on the space
available in the p2p transmit channel. HEATs binary data format makes it highly efficient to transmit
data between peers, so it is expected that there in nearly all cases is sufficient allowance to transmit
off-chain messages throughout the network so that they reach the recipient.

Account structure and aliases
HEAT account identifiers
For new HEAT accounts users by default create human readable identifiers through the standard
HEAT client. They have a choice of a public identifier or a private indentifier. Identifiers are
usually email accounts - in the form of either inhouse user@heatledger.com, or external
user@herownemail.com.
The email account format is chosen to facilitate user migration from legacy email software that
often is insecure to use. External email identifiers are verified through 2FA (verifier email sent by
Heat Ledger Ltds server). The HEAT clients messaging solution embeds notification messages
through standard email when desirable.
30

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gossip_protocol
___________________________
23/32

Public identifiers are stored on the blockchain and are visible to all. Private identifiers are different
- instead of their plain text identifier, HEAT stores a 32 byte hash of the identifier. This way
participants need to know the identifier before they can use it, yet we can assure delivery of
transactions to the correct account through checking the identifier hash from the HEAT blockchain.
Advanced users are able to create standard HEAT accounts in a completely decentralized manner,
by just publishing the 128-bit public key to the blockchain and without storing any extra identifiers
to the blockchain.

Aliases
Aliases are free form text identifiers with some free form data associated to them. Aliases are always
temporary, meaning they will be available for a while and will automatically be deleted after a certain
number of blocks.
The reason it is not feasible to keep aliases around forever is that such a system would not scale.
There is a virtual limitless demand for aliases of all sorts (to power vouchers for one thing). However,
before an alias expires the alias assigner has a window of a certain number of blocks in which he can
extend the alias registration by paying a standard alias tx fee.
Alias keys consist of 32 bytes, which is enough to fit a HEAT public key or basically any other
unique key. Alias values consist of 64 bytes which is more than enough to fit even the highest of
numbers. These sizes are much smaller than the original NXT aliases for instance, which had 100 byte
keys and 1000 byte values. However in return for stripping the more extensive data store will be able
to scale to massive worldwide usage of smart vouchers as a way to affordably support all sorts of offline blockchain uses.
Such deployments can assist businesses to securely create perfectly scalable voucher solutions to
power anything from lotteries, crowdsales, and ticket sales to distributed on-blockchain voting
solutions which include strong (off-chain) identities of voters and no loss of HEAT transaction costs
in case users fail to redeem their vouchers.

Empty balance pruning and temporary accounts
In HEAT balances and accounts are identified internally by their 8 byte [java long primitive] numeric
id. Everywhere where account details are stored they always are identified by their 8 byte key. This is
highly efficient means to process and store data.
On top layer however, HEAT accounts are identified by their 32 byte or 128 bit public keys, and in
turn secured by their 256 bit private key.
To be able to internally link 8 byte account ids to 32 byte account public keys, a record of all public
keys must be kept and track what account id represents which public key respectively. This is very
costly in terms of storage, since each new account (unlike each transaction) has to permanently be
stored and distributed over the network.

___________________________
24/32

To mitigate this resource cost HEAT will actively start removing all public keys and balances for each
account having had a balance lower than X (eg. 0.00000001 HEAT) for more than N blocks. If users
don't want their public keys removed they have to make sure their balances never decrease below X.
The HEAT Client and API are designed to not accidentally overdraft the minimum balance.
This function effectively allows complete deletion of accounts from the blockchain, and the use of
temporary accounts in the form of vouchers for instance.
The limit for minimum balance is subject to increase in the future with the expansion in the number of
HEAT accounts and consequently the size of the HEAT balance files that are mandatory for all new
nodes.

Minimum forger balance
In HEAT you need at least 1 HEAT to be able to forge blocks. In practice an amount that small has
negligible chance of forging a block, however it is reasonable to allow testing of forging setup for
new users with low HEAT token balances.

HEAT account control and multi-sig
Protecting your stake
An extremely important aspect of holding possibly large sums of HEAT in your account, is to never
lose the private key to that account. If you lose your key you either lose access to your funds, or
someone else can get access to your funds. Unfortunately, over the several years that we have worked
with and created new blockchain solutions we have seen it happen too often that large stakeholders
lose considerable sums or all even of their holdings.
A very efficient method to prevent losses from large holdings is through account control. HEAT will
incorporate the following two forms of account control either in the initial main net release, or in an
update shortly after.

Limit on amount transferred per day
Large holders like exchanges should definitely use this feature. To place an account under account
control happens through sending a special transaction. With this transaction you include an
emergency public key and an amount that can be transferred without using the emergency key each N
blocks.
If an unauthorized party obtains access to that account, the most he/she can take is the maximum
allowed amount. If you detect the breach in time and use your emergency key you can transfer all
funds to a new secure account.
Since these account control instructions go in a storage section that cannot be discarded later on, the
transaction fee for such an account is higher than sending a normal payment transaction.

___________________________
25/32

Multi-sig accounts
HEAT accounts can be assigned multi-signature status. This means that the owner of the account can
send a special transaction which includes definition of other accounts that from then on have to also
sign each transaction coming from that original account, for the tx to be accepted in the blockchain.
Since these multi-sig settings also go in a storage section that cannot be easily pruned later on, the
transaction fee for this initial "mark-account-multi-sig" transaction is higher than for normal payment
transactions.

HEAT rewards mechanism
Two-tier rewards
HEAT, like most public decentralized ledgers, wants to incentivise active network participants and
uses a hybrid award system to reward contributing users;
1. Reward for generating blocks (Proof-of-Stake, POS). This involves running a full node,
unlocked and with the user's stake applied to generate blocks. Users who run a block
generating node generally need to have at least a moderate amount of HEAT on their account.
2. Reward for storing the blockchain (Proof-of-Presence, POP). Only the most recent blocks file
is distributed amongst all p2p nodes, previous blocks files are not needed for normal p2p
operations. HEAT incentives users to store and make available previously archived block
files.

How to reward block generators (PoS model)
Block generation (forging) is a mechanism of creating new HEAT tokens and distributing
transactions fees as a reward to node runners, based on the amount of HEAT tokens available on
account unlocked (signed in) by a node. An account that generates a block is awarded yearly declining
guaranteed reward, plus all transaction fees, until after 4 years when the guaranteed amount becomes
0 and the block reward consists of just the transaction fees for the block. We expect there to be
sufficient amount of tx fees by then to incentivize suitable number of active PoS nodes.

___________________________
26/32

How to reward blockchain storage (PoP model)
In HEAT we want nodes to host past blocks segments and past balance stores. It is however not
required for a node to have stored these block segments and balance stores for it to be able to forge
blocks. So the reward systems function independently of each other.
Before nodes are eligible for PoP rewards they must register a hallmark. Hallmark assigns a static IP
to your account and stores this on the blockchain. Other peers on the network who connect to you
over that same IP address now know what account runs that node and what his PoS weight (forging
amount) is. The open source p2p protocol31 readily favors hallmarked nodes over non-hallmarked
when it comes to its choice of where to download blocks and transactions from.
Once you have registered your node's IP address through a hallmark, your node advertises exactly
what past blocks segments you have archived and are making available on the network.
This registration of available segment serves 3 purposes:
1. It establishes an index for nodes on the network that wish to download that segment. Through
your registration they now know your node is able to serve blocks from whichever segment it
registered.
2. It serves as an indicator for nodes that are looking for the most profitable segments to host,
since the most rare segments get the highest rewards.
3. The challenge protocol that demands proof of individual archival nodes uses this registry to
randomly select nodes and segments for which it generates a custom challenge based on the
hallmarked account.

31

https://bitbucket.org/JeanLucPicard/nxt/downloads
___________________________
27/32

After you have hallmarked your node you can register or unregister your node as having certain
blocks segments. Having registered a segment (which are identified by their numeric index - the
genesis segment being segment 0) automatically means you will participate in the PoP reward contest
for the next block.
It is important that your node is online all the time you wish to participate in the PoP rewards, since
the protocol penalizes you by skipping a turn in case you failed to respond to a challenge or in case
you responded with a wrong answer to the challenge.

Each segment gets the same reward
An important goal of the PoP protocol rewards is to make an even distribution of all the various block
segments available over the entire network. If one segment is hosted by fewer hallmarked nodes than
another segment, the PoP reward mechanism automatically makes it theoretically more profitable to
host that more rare segment.
The reward algorithm knows how many segments there are on the network. Initially there is one
segment, this is the segment that contains the genesis block and the first set of blocks after that. When
this segment is completed there will be two segments: One segment which is completed and one
which is the active not yet completed segment.
During the period of the first segment, when no other segment has yet been completed, the protocol
uses relatively small random sections of the active segment to create challenges for those parts of the
blockchain. Through an evenly random lottery mechanism of all hallmarked accounts we select the
account that gets to solve the challenge. From a point when the first segment is completed and gets
archived, a different algorithm will be applied.
For scalability reasons, the PoP rewards are aggregated in batches of average 10 blocks, and rewarded
to the finder of every 10th block (random, in average). The algorithm that runs at random intervals
will start by randomly selecting one of the completed segments. This ensures that each segment is
entitled to the same amount of POP reward.
When a segment is selected the protocol randomly selects a hallmarked account that says it has that
segment. For this hallmarked account a challenge is created and published on the blockchain through
a transaction.
If the hallmarked account solves the challenge correctly (if its response matches the question) the
protocol rewards this account with the HEAT PoP reward. If it doesn't solve it (false answer or nonresponse) then that hallmarked account has to skip one next turn before it can solve a challenge again.
When configuring the HEAT server with access to your private key so it can sign transactions and
setup your hallmark, all this challenge solving and responding happens automatically.
NOTE: To maximize secure usage of the private key with a locally installed HEAT server, it is
possible to assign the POS weight of your cold wallet account through offline balance leasing. This
way you could use a second blank account as the hallmark account and signature account, without
ever exposing your main accounts private key to an online node.

___________________________
28/32

PoP Challenges
Fair beyond fair
Challenges are always provably fair. Anyone can verify that the correct, random challenge was indeed
correctly generated by the generator account and written properly to the blockchain.
You could run the same challenge creator algorithm and will see the challenge creator not only
created the correct challenge with the correct solution as its answer, but also that the challenge truly
questions the correct part of the blockchain and not some section the challenge creator just happens to
have.
A challenge itself consists of a challenger account writing a challenge to the blockchain. The idea of
the challenge is that anyone knows what the answer should be.
But what is not known is a secret included inside the challenge. The challenged account must decrypt
the secret before getting access to the actual answer.
If the expected answer and the decrypted data are the same, this indicates the challenged account must
have known the secret.

The challenger account
In early phases of the HEAT network, Heat Ledger Ltd developers will operate the single challenger
account. Because this account is bound to strict protocol rules it could not be viewed as being
autonomous or granting undue power to the developers. All it can do is do what the protocol allows it
to do, or decline from its assigned tasks and do nothing. If nothing is done this immediately becomes
clear to anyone on the network.
When the early operational phase has been passed, we will change the way the challenger account
works. It will become a more decentralized process by allowing network users to also play the role of
challenger. Being completely rule bound this will not impose a threat but make the challenger process
more durable and better suited for a decentralized system.
It will for one allow for better storage scaling through segment distribution over multiple challenger
accounts, so the single challenger does not have to hold all segments in order to create challenges.

Challenge Generation
There are several parts to the challenge generation algorithm. All parts are however under active
development and might change based on future insights.
1.
2.
3.
4.

Selection of the challenge block (when do we do the challenge)
Selection of the challenge segment (what are we creating a challenge for)
Selection of the challenged account (who has to solve the challenge)
Selection of the challenge seed (random input to prevent pre-calculations)

___________________________
29/32

1. Selection of the challenge block
Challenges are created on a random interval, every 10 blocks on average a new challenge block is
selected. The selection of a challenge block is based on the block id, which is a number. A block is a
challenge block if:
(BLOCK_ID_NUMBER % 10) == 0
This gives on average 10 hits but randomly distributed.
2. Selection of the challenge segment
Each challenge is supposed to select an evenly selected segment of all existing segments, the idea
being that by rewarding for segments in an equal way we are sure of an equal distribution of segments
over all nodes. This method guarantees that no matter how large the blockchain grows, there will
always be high incentive to archive the most rare parts on the network, ensuring an always equal
distribution of all past segments.
To select a segment we look at the number of possible segments to select from in the first place. If
there are for instance 10 segments, each numbered from 0 to 9, we have to randomly select all with
equal chance. For this we will also use the current block id number and select the closest segment
based off that, again using modulo arithmetic.
3. Selection of the challenged account
Every possible account is registered as hallmarked account and also acknowledged whether they are
hosting the selected segment. From the list of registered accounts one will be selected to be the
challenged account.
To find the selected account we take a SHA256 hash of the current block signature and add to that the
previous block signature. To the resulting hash we add the selected segment.
We then check each registered account and for each account create a SHA256 hash of its public key,
added to that is the block signature. We take the last 8 bytes of each of these resulting hashes;
whichever account has the highest number wins and is the challenged account.
4. Selection of the challenge seed
The challenge seed is a random unpredictable piece of data. For this we again create a SHA256 hash,
we feed it the block signature, we feed it the challenger account public key, and we feed it the public
key of the challenged account. The resulting digest is the challenge seed.

___________________________
30/32

The actual challenge
At this point we know when to create the challenge, what the challenge will be about, who is
challenged and what the answer of the challenge should be (the answer being the seed). Now it is time
to create the challenge and write that challenge to the blockchain.
First the challenger account creates a checksum of the segment or part of that. The result is a 32 byte
array (a very large number).
Now the challenger creates a SHA256 hash of the block signature, the challenged account public key
and the checksum obtained in previous phase. The result is the secret that has to be published by the
challenged account.
Next the challenger creates a SHA256 hash of the secret and together with the challenge details (what
segment, what account) publishes this to the blockchain as a transaction.
If the challenged account responds with a transaction that contains the secret - which when put
through SHA256 gives the same hash as the published hash - the protocol would consider that a
challenge solved correctly.

CONCLUSION
The HEAT decentralized crypto ledger platform is an ambitious business project bringing together
several dramatic server level changes, client side features and middleware system arrangements to
form the basis to software solutions suitable for financial applications of today and the future.
Extensive in scope and going boldly where no crypto geek has gone before, we the HEAT Team look
forward to bringing the maximum technological capacity of modern commodity hardware to the use
of everyday distributed blockchain applications.
Eventually, this feat will be made possible only through the engagement of a supportive community.
By careful technical and structural design - together with the enthusiastic users involved with the
distribution of the HEAT system and token - we strive to achieve the status of HEAT being rightfully
recognized a proper, first Gen 3.0 cryptocurrency platform.

___________________________
31/32

White Paper Version history
2016-08-01 v1.0 Initial publication
2016-08-02 v1.01 Minor wording changes, improved pdf formatting

___________________________
32/32

The Tangle
Serguei Popov
October 1, 2017. Version 1.3

Abstract
In this paper we analyze the mathematical foundations of IOTA, a cryptocurrency for the Internet-of-Things (IoT) industry. The main feature of this
novel cryptocurrency is the tangle, a directed acyclic graph (DAG) for storing transactions. The tangle naturally succeeds the blockchain as its next
evolutionary step, and offers features that are required to establish a machineto-machine micropayment system.
An essential contribution of this paper is a family of Markov Chain Monte
Carlo (MCMC) algorithms. These algorithms select attachment sites on the
tangle for a transaction that has just arrived.

1

Introduction and description of the system

The rise and success of Bitcoin during the last six years proved that blockchain technology has real-world value. However, this technology also has a number of drawbacks
that prevent it from being used as a generic platform for cryptocurrencies across the
globe. One notable drawback is the concept of a transaction fee for transactions of
any value. The importance of micropayments will increase in the rapidly developing
IoT industry, and paying a fee that is larger than the amount of value being transferred is not logical. Furthermore, it is not easy to get rid of fees in the blockchain
infrastructure since they serve as an incentive for the creators of blocks. This leads
to another issue with existing cryptocurrency technology, namely the heterogeneous
nature of the system. There are two distinct types of participants in the system, those
who issue transactions, and those who approve transactions. The design of this system creates unavoidable discrimination of some patricipants, which in turn creates


a.k.a. mthcl; authors contact information: serguei.popov@iota.org

1

conflicts that make all elements spend resources on conflict resolution. The aforementioned issues justify a search for solutions essentially different from blockchain
technology, the basis for Bitcoin and many other cryptocurrencies.
In this paper we discuss an innovative approach that does not incorporate blockchain
technology. This approach is currently being implemented as a cryptocurrency called
iota [1], which was designed specifically for the IoT industry. The purpose of this
paper is to focus on general features of the tangle, and to discuss problems that arise
when one attempts to get rid of the blockchain and maintain a distributed ledger.
The concrete implementation of the iota protocol is not discussed.
In general, a tangle-based cryptocurrency works in the following way. Instead
of the global blockchain, there is a DAG that we call the tangle. The transactions
issued by nodes constitute the site set of the tangle graph, which is the ledger for
storing transactions. The edge set of the tangle is obtained in the following way:
when a new transaction arrives, it must approve two1 previous transactions. these
approvals are represented by directed edges, as shown in Figure 12 . If there is not
a directed edge between transaction A and transaction B, but there is a directed
path of length at least two from A to B, we say that A indirectly approves B. There
is also the genesis transaction, which is approved either directly or indirectly by
all other transactions (Figure 2). The genesis is described in the following way. In
the beginning of the tangle, there was an address with a balance that contained all
of the tokens. The genesis transaction sent these tokens to several other founder
addresses. Let us stress that all of the tokens were created in the genesis transaction.
No tokens will be created in the future, and there will be no mining in the sense that
miners receive monetary rewards out of thin air.
A quick note on terminology: sites are transactions represented on the tangle
graph. The network is composed of nodes; that is, nodes are entities that issue and
validate transactions.
The main idea of the tangle is the following: to issue a transaction, users must
work to approve other transactions. Therefore, users who issue a transaction are
contributing to the networks security. It is assumed that the nodes check if the
approved transactions are not conflicting. If a node finds that a transaction is in
conflict with the tangle history, the node will not approve the conflicting transaction
in either a direct or indirect manner3 .
1

This is the simplest approach. One may also study similar systems where transactions must
approve k other transactions for a general k  2, or have an entirely different set of rules.
2
Time always increases from left to right in each figure.
3
If a node issues a new transaction that approves conflicting transactions, then it risks that other
nodes will not approve its new transaction, which will fall into oblivion.

2

As a transaction receives additional approvals, it is accepted by the system with
a higher level of confidence. In other words, it will be difficult to make the system
accept a double-spending transaction. It is important to observe that we do not
impose any rules for choosing which transactions a node will approve. Instead, we
argue that if a large number of nodes follow some reference rule, then for any fixed
node it is better to stick to a rule of the same kind4 . This seems to be a reasonable
assumption, especially in the context of IoT, where nodes are specialized chips with
pre-installed firmware.
In order to issue a transaction, a node does the following:
 The node chooses two other transactions to approve according to an algorithm.
In general, these two transactions may coincide.
 The node checks if the two transactions are not conflicting, and does not approve
conflicting transactions.
 For a node to issue a valid transaction, the node must solve a cryptographic
puzzle similar to those in the Bitcoin blockchain. This is achieved by finding a
nonce such that the hash of that nonce concatenated with some data from the
approved transaction has a particular form. In the case of the Bitcoin protocol,
the hash must have at least a predefined number of leading zeros.
It is important to observe that the iota network is asynchronous. In general, nodes
do not necessarily see the same set of transactions. It should also be noted that
the tangle may contain conflicting transactions. The nodes do not have to achieve
consensus on which valid5 transactions have the right to be in the ledger, meaning
all of them can be in the tangle. However, in the case where there are conflicting
transactions, the nodes need to decide which transactions will become orphaned6 .
The main rule that the nodes use for deciding between two conflicting transactions is
the following: a node runs the tip selection algorithm7 (cf. Section 4.1) many times,
and sees which of the two transactions is more likely to be indirectly approved by the
selected tip. For example, if a transaction was selected 97 times during 100 runs of
the tip selection algorithm, we say that it is confirmed with 97% confidence.
Let us also comment on the following question (cf. [4]): what motivates the nodes
to propagate transactions? Every node calculates some statistics, one of which is
4

We comment more on this at the end of Section 4.1
Transactions that are issued according to the protocol.
6
Orphaned transactions are not indirectly approved by incoming transactions anymore
7
As mentioned above, there is a good reason to assume that other nodes would follow the same
algorithm for tip selection.
5

3

how many new transactions are received from a neighbor. If one particular node is
too lazy, it will be dropped by its neighbors. Therefore, even if a node does not
issue transactions, and hence has no direct incentive to share new transactions that
approve its own transaction, it still has incentive to participate.
After introducing some notation in Section 2, we discuss algorithms for choosing
the two transactions to approve, the rules for measuring the transactions overall
approval (Section 3, especially Section 3.1), and possible attack scenarios (Section 4).
Also, in the unlikely event that the reader is scared by the formulas, they can jump
directly to the conclusions at the end of each section.
It should be noted that the idea of using DAGs in the cryptocurrency space
has been around for some time, see [3, 6, 7, 9, 12]. Specifically, [7] introduces the
GHOST protocol, which proposes a modification of the Bitcoin protocol by making
the main ledger a tree instead of a blockchain. It is shown that such a modification
reduces confirmation times and improves the overall security of the network. In [9]
the authors consider a DAG-based cryptocurrency model. Their model is different
than our model for the following reasons: the sites of their DAG are blocks instead of
individual transactions; the miners in their system compete for transaction fees; and
new tokens may be created by block miners. Also, observe that a solution somewhat
similar to ours was proposed in [6], although it does not discuss any particular tip
approval strategies. After the first version of this paper was published, several other
works that aim to create a DAG-based distributed ledger have appeared, e.g. [8]. We
also reference another approach [2, 10] that aims to make Bitcoin micropayments
possible by establishing peer-to-peer payment channels.

2

Weights and more

In this section we define the weight of a transaction, and related concepts. The
weight of a transaction is proportional to the amount of work that the issuing node
invested into it. In the current implementation of iota, the weight may only assume
values 3n , where n is a positive integer that belongs to some nonempty interval of
acceptable values8 . In fact, it is irrelevant to know how the weight was obtained in
practice. It is only important that every transaction has a positive integer, its weight,
attached to it. In general, the idea is that a transaction with a larger weight is more
important than a transaction with a smaller weight. To avoid spamming and other
attack styles, it is assumed that no entity can generate an abundance of transactions
with acceptable weights in a short period of time.
8

This interval should also be finite  see the large weight attack in Section 4.

4

One of the notions we need is the cumulative weight of a transaction: it is defined
as the own weight of a particular transaction plus the sum of own weights of all
transactions that directly or indirectly approve this transaction. The algorithm for
cumulative weight calculation is illustrated in Figure 1. The boxes represent transactions, the small number in the SE corner of each box denotes own weight, and the
bold number denotes the cumulative weight. For example, transaction F is directly
or indirectly approved by transactions A, B, C, E. The cumulative weight of F is
9 = 3 + 1 + 3 + 1 + 1, which is the sum of the own weight of F and the own weights
of A, B, C, E.
Let us define tips as unapproved transactions in the tangle graph. In the top
tangle snapshot of Figure 1, the only tips are A and C. When the new transaction X
arrives and approves A and C in the bottom tangle snapshot, X becomes the only
tip. The cumulative weight of all other transactions increases by 3, the own weight
of X.
We need to introduce two additional variables for the discussion of approval algorithms. First, for a transaction site on the tangle, we introduce its
 height: the length of the longest oriented path to the genesis;
 depth: the length of the longest reverse-oriented path to some tip.
For example, G has height 1 and depth 4 in Figure 2 because of the reverse path
F, D, B, A, while D has height 3 and depth 2. Also, let us introduce the notion of
the score. By definition, the score of a transaction is the sum of own weights of
all transactions approved by this transaction plus the own weight of the transaction
itself. In Figure 2, the only tips are A and C. Transaction A directly or indirectly
approves transactions B, D, F, G, so the score of A is 1+3+1+3+1 = 9. Analogously,
the score of C is 1 + 1 + 1 + 3 + 1 = 7.
In order to understand the arguments presented in this paper, one may safely
assume that all transactions have an own weight equal to 1. From now on, we stick
to this assumption. Under this assumption, the cumulative weight of transaction X
becomes 1 plus the number of transactions that directly or indirectly approve X, and
the score becomes 1 plus the number of transactions that are directly or indirectly
approved by X.
Let us note that, among those defined in this section, the cumulative weight is
(by far!) the most important metric, although height, depth, and score will briefly
enter some discussions as well.

5

D
6

11
1

A
1
1

13

1

F

1

9

4
3

3

B

10
1

2

1
1

1

E

C

9

14
1

4
1

1

16
1

12

7
3

3

13

X
3
3

1

5

4
1

1

Figure 1: DAG with weight assignments before and after a newly issued transaction, X. The boxes represent transactions, the small number in the SE corner of each
box denotes own weight, and the bold number denotes the cumulative weight.

6

D
genesis

A
9
1

1

3

3

B

F
1

7

G
1

E

1

C

Figure 2: DAG with own weights assigned to each site, and scores calculated for
sites A and C.

3

Stability of the system, and cutsets

Let L(t) be the total number of tips in the system at time t. One expects that the
stochastic process L(t) remains stable 9 . More precisely, one expects the process to be
positive recurrent, see Sections 4.4 and 6.5 of [11] for formal definitions. In particular,
positive recurrence implies that the limit of P[L(t) = k] as t   should exist and
be positive for all k  1. Intuitively, we expect that L(t) should fluctuate around a
constant value, and not escape to infinity. If L(t) were to escape to infinity, many
unapproved transactions would be left behind.
To analyze the stability properties of L(t), we need to make some assumptions.
One assumption is that transactions are issued by a large number of roughly independent entities, so the process of incoming transactions can be modeled by a Poisson
point process (cf. e.g. Section 5.3 of [11]). Let  be the rate of that Poisson process.
For simplicity, let us assume that this rate remains constant in time. Assume that
all devices have approximately the same computing power, and let h be the average
time a device needs to perform calculations that are required to issue a transaction.
Then, let us assume that all nodes behave in the following way: to issue a transaction, a node chooses two tips at random and approves them. It should be observed
that, in general, it is not a good idea for the honest nodes to adopt this strategy
because it has a number of practical disadvantages. In particular, it does not offer
enough protection against lazy or malicious nodes (see Section 4.1 below). On the
other hand, we still consider this model since it is simple to analyze, and may provide
insight into the systems behavior for more complicated tip selection strategies.
9

Under an additional assumption that the process is time-homogeneous.

7

Next, we make a further simplifying assumption that any node, at the moment
when it issues a transaction, observes not the actual state of the tangle, but the one
exactly h time units ago. This means, in particular, that a transaction attached to the
tangle at time t only becomes visible to the network at time t+h. We also assume that
the number of tips remains roughly stationary in time, and is concentrated around a
number L0 > 0. In the following, we will calculate L0 as a function of  and h.
Observe that, at a given time t we have roughly h hidden tips (which were
attached in the time interval [t  h, t) and so are not yet visible to the network);
also, assume that typically there are r revealed tips (which were attached before
time t  h), so L0 = r + h. By stationarity, we may then assume that at time t
there are also around h sites that were tips at time t  h, but are not tips anymore.
Now, think about a new transaction that comes at this moment; then, a transaction
it chooses to approve is a tip with probability r/(r + h) (since there are around r
tips known to the node that issued the transaction, and there are also around h
transactions which are not tips anymore, although that node thinks they are), so the
mean number of chosen tips is 2r/(r + h). The key observation is now that, in the
stationary regime, this mean number of chosen tips should be equal to 1, since, in
average, a newcoming transaction should not change the number of tips. Solving the
equation 2r/(r + h) = 1 with respect to r, we obtain r = h, and so
L0 = 2h.

(1)

We also note that, if the rule is that a new transaction references k transactions
instead of 2, then a similar calculation gives
(k)

L0 =

kh
.
k1

(2)
(k)

This is, of course, consistent with the fact that L0 should tend to h as k  
(basically, the only tips would be those still unknown to the network).
Also (we return to the case of two transactions to approve) the expected time for
a transaction to be approved for the first time is approximately h + L0 /2 = 2h. This
is because, by our assumption, during the first h units of time a transaction cannot
be approved, and after that the Poisson flow of approvals to it has rate approximately
2/L0 . (Recall Proposition 5.3 of [11], which says that if we independently classify
each event of a Poisson process according to a list of possible subtypes, then the
processes of events of each subtype are independent Poisson processes.)
Observe that10 at any fixed time t the set of transactions that were tips at some
10

At least in the case where the nodes try to approve tips.

8

moment s  [t, t + h(L0 , N )] typically constitutes a cutset. Any path from a transaction issued at time t0 > t to the genesis must pass through this set. It is important
that the size of a new cutset in the tangle occasionally becomes small. One may then
use the small cutsets as checkpoints for possible DAG pruning and other tasks.
It is important to observe that the above purely random approval strategy is
not very good in practice because it does not encourage approving tips. A lazy user
could always approve a fixed pair of very old transactions, therefore not contributing
to the approval of more recent transactions, without being punished for such behavior11 . Also, a malicious entity can artificially inflate the number of tips by issuing
many transactions that approve a fixed pair of transactions. This would make it possible for future transactions to select these tips with very high probability, effectively
abandoning the tips belonging to honest nodes. To avoid issues of this sort, one
has to adopt a strategy that is biased towards the better tips. One example of such
a strategy is presented in Section 4.1 below12 .
Before starting the discussion about the expected time for a transaction to receive
its first approval, note that we can distinguish two regimes (Figure 3).
 Low load: the typical number of tips is small, and frequently becomes 1. This
may happen when the flow of transactions is so small that it is not probable
that several different transactions approve the same tip. Also, if the network
latency is very low and devices compute fast, it is unlikely that many tips
would appear. This even holds true in the case when the flow of transactions
is reasonably large. Moreover, we have to assume that there are no attackers
that try to artificially inflate the number of tips.
 High load: the typical number of tips is large. This may happen when the
flow of transactions is large, and computational delays together with network
latency make it likely that several different transactions approve the same tip.
This division is rather informal, and there is no clear borderline between the the
two regimes. Nevertheless, we find that it may be instructive to consider these two
different extremes.
11

We remind the reader that we do not try to enforce any particular tip selection strategy. An
attacker can choose tips in any way they find convenient.
12
The authors feeling is that the tip approval strategy is the most important ingredient for
constructing a tangle-based cryptocurrency because attack vectors are hiding in this element of the
system. Also, since there are usually no ways to enforce a particular tip approval strategy, there
must be a good reason for nodes to voluntarily choose to follow a common strategy. A possible
reason is knowing that a good portion of other nodes are following the same tip approval strategy.

9

Figure 3: Low load (top) and high load (bottom) regimes of incoming transaction
flow. White squares represent verified sites, while gray squares represent tips.
The situation in the low load regime is relatively simple. The first approval
happens on an average timescale of order 1 since one of the first few incoming
transactions will approve a given tip.
Let us now consider the high load regime, the case where L0 is large. As mentioned above, one may assume that the Poisson flows of approvals to different tips are
independent and have an approximate rate of 2/L0 . Therefore, the expected time
for a transaction to receive its first approval is around L0 /(2)  1.45h (1).
However, it is worth noting that for more elaborate approval strategies13 , it may
not be a good idea to passively wait a long time until a transaction is approved by
the others. This is due to the fact that better tips will keep appearing and will be
preferred for approval. Rather, in the case when a transaction is waiting for approval
over a time interval much larger than L0 /2, a good strategy would be to promote
this latent transaction with an additional empty transaction14 . In other words, a
node can issue an empty transaction that approves its previous transaction together
with one of the better tips to increase the probability that the empty transaction
receives approval.
It turns out that the approval strategies based on heights and scores may be
vulnerable to a specific type of attacks, see Section 4.1. We will discuss more elaborate
13

That favor better quality tips in future implementations of iota.
An empty transaction is a transaction that does not involve any token transfer, but still has to
approve two other transactions. It should be noted that generating an empty transaction contributes
to the networks security.
14

10

strategies15 to defend against such attacks in that section. In the meantime, it is still
worth considering the simple tip selection strategy where an incoming transaction
approves two random tips. This strategy is the easiest to analyze, and therefore may
provide some insight into the qualitative and quantitative behavior of the tangle.
Conclusions:
1. We distinguish between two regimes, low load and high load (Figure 3).
2. There are only a few tips in the low load regime. A tip gets approved for the
first time in (1 ) time units, where  is the rate of the incoming flow of
transactions.
3. In the high load regime the typical number of tips depends on the tip approval
strategy employed by the new transaction.
4. If a transaction uses the strategy of approving two random tips, the typical
number of tips is given by (1). It can be shown that this strategy is optimal
with respect to the typical number of tips. However, it is not practical to adopt
this strategy because it does not encourage approving tips.
5. More elaborate strategies are needed to handle attacks and other network issues.
A family of such strategies is discussed in Section 4.1.
6. The typical time for a tip to be approved is (h) in the high load regime,
where h is the average computation/propagation time for a node. However, if
the first approval does not occur in the above time interval, it is a good idea
for the issuer and/or receiver to promote that transaction with an additional
empty transaction.

3.1

How fast does the cumulative weight typically grow?

Assume that the network is in the low load regime. After a transaction gets approved several times, its cumulative weight will grow with speed  because all new
15

In fact, the authors feeling is that the tip approval strategy is the most important ingredient for
constructing a tangle-based cryptocurrency. It is there that many attack vectors are hiding. Also,
since there is usually no way to enforce a particular tip approval strategy, it must be such that the
nodes would voluntarily choose to follow it knowing that at least a good proportion of other nodes
does so.

11

transactions will indirectly reference this transaction16 .
In the case where the network is in the high load regime, an old transaction with
a large cumulative weight will experience weight growth with speed  because essentially all new transactions will indirectly reference it. Moreover, when the transaction
is first added to the tangle it may have to wait for some time to be approved. In this
time interval, the transactions cumulative weight behaves in a random fashion. To
characterize the speed with which the cumulative weight grows after the transaction
receives several approvals, let us define H(t) as the expected cumulative weight at
time t (for simplicity, we start counting time at the moment when our transaction
was revealed to the network, i.e., h time units after it was created) and K(t) as the
expected number of tips that approve the transaction at time t. Let us also abbreviate h := h(L0 , N ). We make a simplifying assumption that the number of tips
remains roughly constant at a value of L0 over time. We work with the approve two
random tips strategy in this section. It is expected that the qualitative behavior
will be roughly the same for other reasonable strategies.
Recall that a transaction entering the network at time t typically chooses two tips
to approve based on the state of the system at time t  h because the node must do
some calculations and verifications before actually issuing the transaction. It is not
difficult to see that (assuming, though, that K() is the actual number of tips, not
just expected number) the probability of the transaction approving at least one of
2
K(th)
K(th) 17
=
2

. Analogous to
our tips in the tangle is 1  1  K(th)
L0
L0
L0
Example 6.4 of [11], we can write for small  > 0
H(t + ) = H(t) + 

K(t  h) 
K(t  h) 
2
+ o(),
L0
L0

and thus deduce the following differential equation
dH(t)
K(t  h) 
K(t  h) 
2
.
=
dt
L0
L0

(3)

In order to be able to use (3), we need to first calculate K(t). This is not a trivial
task since a tip at time t  h may not be a tip at time t, and the overall number of
tips approving the original transaction increases by 1 in the case where an incoming
transaction approves such a tip. The crucial observation is that the probability that
16

Recall that we assumed that the own weights of all transactions are equal to 1, so the cumulative
weight is just the number of transactions that directly or indirectly reference a transaction plus 1.
17
The expression on the left-hand side is 1 minus the probability that the two approved tips are
not ours.

12

a tip at time t  h remains a tip at time t is approximately 1/2. (To verify this,
recall the discussion from Section 3: the typical number of tips is 2h, and during
the interval of length h new h tips will substitute a half of old ones.) Therefore,
at time t approximately one half K(t  h) tips remain in the unconfirmed tip state,
while the other half will have received at least one approval. Let A denote the set
of K(t  h)/2 tips at time t  h that are still tips at time t, and let B denote the
remaining set of K(t  h)/2 tips that were already approved by time t. Let p1 be
the probability that a new transaction approves at least 1 transaction from B and
does not approve any transactions from A. Furthermore, let p2 be the probability
that both approved transactions belong to A. In other words, p1 and p2 are the
probabilities that the current number of our tips increases or decreases by 1 upon
arrival of the new transaction. We have
 K(t  h) 2
K(t  h) 
K(t  h) 
1
,
+2
p1 =
2L0
2L0
L0
 K(t  h) 2
p2 =
.
2L0
To obtain the first expression, observe that p1 equals the probability that both approved tips belong to B plus twice the probability that the first tip belongs to B and
the second tip does not belong to A  B. Analogous to (3), the differential equation
for K(t) is:
K(t  h) 
K(t  h) 
dK(t)
= (p1  p2 ) = 
1
.
(4)
dt
L0
L0
It is difficult to solve (4) exactly, so we make further simplifying assumptions. First
of all, we observe that after the time when K(t) reaches level L0 for a fixed  > 0,
it will grow very quickly to (1  )L0 . Now, when K(t) is small with respect to L0 ,
we can drop the last factor in the right-hand side of (4)18 . We obtain a simplified
version of (4) by recalling that Lh0 = 12 :
dK(t)
1

K(t  h),
dt
2h

(5)

with boundary condition K(0) = 1. We look for a solution of the form K(t) =
exp(c ht ); after substituting this into (5), we obtain
 t
 t

c
1
exp c

exp c  c ,
h
h
2h
h
18

It would be a constant close to 1, so the right-hand side would be equivalent to  K(th)
.
L0

13

therefore


t
t
 exp 0.352
(6)
h
h
is an approximate solution, where W () is the so-called Lambert W -function.19 Taking
the logarithm of both sides in (6), we find that the time when K(t) reaches L0 is
roughly

h
1

. 2.84  h ln L0 .
(7)

ln
L

ln

t0 
0
W 12

K(t) = exp W

1
2

Returning to (3) and dropping the last term on the right-hand side, we obtain that
during the adaptation period (i.e., t  t0 with t0 as in (7)), it holds that
dH(t)
2

K(t  h)
dt
L0

1


exp
W
h exp W ( 21 )


t
W 12
=
exp W 12
h
h

1
2

t
h

and therefore


t
t
H(t)  exp W
 exp 0.352 .
(8)
h
h
Let us remind the reader that after the adaptation period, the cumulative weight H(t)
grows linearly with speed . We stress that the exponential growth in (8) does not
mean that the cumulative weight grows very quickly during the adaptation period.
Rather, the behavior is as depicted in Figure 4.


1
2

Conclusions:
1. After a transaction gets approved multiple times in the low load regime, its
cumulative weight will grow with speed w, where w is the mean weight of a
generic transaction.
2. In the high load regime, there are two distinct growth phases. First, a transactions cumulative weight H(t) grows with increasing speed during the adaptation period according to (8). After the adaptation period is over, the cumulative
weight grows with speed w (Figure 4). In fact, for any reasonable strategy
19

Also known as the omega function or product logarithm; for x  [0, +) it is characterized by
the relation x = W (x) exp(W (x)).

14

cumulative weight



tan  = 

time

0
adaptation period

Figure 4: Plot of cumulative weight vs. time for the high load regime.
the cumulative weight will grow with this speed after the end of the adaptation
period because all incoming transactions will indirectly approve the transaction
of interest.
3. One can think of the adaptation period of a transaction as the time until most
of the current tips indirectly approve that transaction. The typical length of
the adaptation period is given by (7).

4

Possible attack scenarios

We start by discussing an attack scenario where the attacker tries to outpace the
network alone:
1. An attacker sends a payment to a merchant and receives the goods after the
merchant decides the transaction has a sufficiently large cumulative weight.
2. The attacker issues a double-spending transaction.
3. The attacker uses their computing power to issue many small transactions that
approve the double-spending transaction, but do not approve the original transaction that they sent to the merchant either directly or indirectly.

15

4. It is possible for the attacker to have a plethora of Sybil identities which are
not required to approve tips.
5. An alternative method to item 3 would be for the attacker to issue a big doublespending transaction using all of their computing power. This transaction would
have a very large own weight20 , and would approve transactions prior to the
legitimate transaction used to pay the merchant.
6. The attacker hopes that their dishonest subtangle outpaces the honest subtangle. If this happens, the main tangle continues growing from the doublespending transaction, and the legitimate branch with the original payment to
the merchant is orphaned (Figure 5).
In fact, it can be shown that the strategy of one large double-spending transaction
increases the attackers chances of being successful. In the ideal situation of this
mathematical model, this attack always succeeds.
Let W (n) be the time needed to obtain a nonce that gives the double-spending
transaction a weight of at least 3n . One may assume that W (n) is an exponentially distributed random variable with parameter21 3n , where  represents the computing
power of the attacker.
Assume that the merchant accepts the legitimate transaction when its cumulative
weight becomes at least w0 , which happens t0 time units after the original transaction.
It is reasonable to expect that the cumulative weight grows with linear speed w,
where  is the overall arrival rate of transactions issued on the network by honest
nodes, and w is the mean weight of a generic transaction. The typical total weight
of the legitimate branch at that time is w1 = wt0 .


Let dxe be the smallest integer greater than or equal to x, define n0 = lnlnw31 , so
that 3n0  w1 22 . If the attacker managed to obtain a nonce that gives the doublespending transaction a weight of at least 3n0 during the time interval of length t0 ,
then the attack succeeds. The probability of this event is
P[W (n0 ) < t0 ] = 1  exp(t0 3n0 )  1  exp(t0 w11 ) 

t0 
.
w1

This approximation is true in the case where tw0 1 is small, which is a reasonable assumption. If this immediate attack does not succeed, the attacker may continue to
20

Here we assume that the own weight of a transaction may vary. It will become clear in the
discussion below why it is a good idea to let the own weight vary.
21
With expectation 1 3n .
22
In fact, 3n0  w1 if w1 is large.

16

legitimate transaction

double-spending

Figure 5: The large weight attack
look for the nonce that gives weight 3n for n > n0 , and hope that at the moment they
find it, the total weight of the legitimate branch is smaller than 3n . The probability
of this event occurring is


P[wW (n) < 3n ] = 1  exp  3n0  (3n0 /w) = 1  exp(/w) 
.
w

should typically be a small number, at each level n the attack
That is, although w
succeeds with a constant probability. Therefore, it will a.s. succeed. The typical
w
time until it succeeds is roughly 3  . Although this quantity may be very large, the
probability that the first23 attack succeeds is not negligible. Therefore, we need
countermeasures. One such countermeasure would be limiting the own weight from
above, or even setting it to a constant value. As mentioned in Section 3, the latter
may not be the best solution because it does not offer enough protection from spam.

Now, let us discuss the situation where the maximum own weight is capped at a
value of 1, and estimate the probability that the attack succeeds.
Assume that a given transaction gained cumulative weight w0 in t0 time units
after the moment when it was issued, and that the adaptation period for that transaction is over. In this situation, the transactions cumulative weight increases linearly
with speed . Now, imagine that the attacker wants to double-spend on this transaction. To do so, the attacker secretly prepares the double-spending transaction, and
starts generating nonsense transactions that approve the double-spending transaction at the time24 when the original transaction was issued to the merchant. If the
23
24

During the time t0 .
Or even before; we discuss this case later.

17

attackers subtangle outpaces the legitimate subtangle at some moment after the merchant decides to accept the legitimate transaction, then the double-spending attack
would be successful. If that does not happen, then the double-spending transaction
would not be approved by others because the legitimate transaction would acquire
more cumulative weight and essentially all new tips would indirectly approve it. The
double-spending transaction would be orphaned in this scenario.
As before, let  stand for the computing power of the attacker. We also make a
simplifying assumption that the transactions propagate instantly. Let G1 , G2 , G3 , . . .
denote i.i.d. exponential random variables with parameter 25 , and define Vk = Gk ,
k  1. It follows that V1 , V2 , V3 , . . . are i.i.d. exponential random variables with
parameter 1.
Suppose that at time t0 the merchant decides to accept the transaction with
cumulative weight w0 . Let us estimate the probability that the attacker successfully
double-spends. Let M () = (1  )1 be the moment generating function of the
exponential distribution with parameter 1 (Section 7.7 of [14]). It is known26 that
for   (0, 1) it holds that
P

n
hX

i

Vk  n  exp  n() ,

(9)

k=1

where () =  ln +1 is the Legendre transform of ln M (). As a general fact,
it holds that () > 0 for   (0, 1). Recall that the expectation of an exponential
random variable with parameter 1 also equals 1.
0
< 1, otherwise the probability that the attackers subtangle evenAssume that t
w0
tually outpaces the legitimate subtangle would be close to 1. Now, to outweigh w0 at
time t0 , the attacker needs to be able to issue at least w0 transactions with maximum
own weight m during time t0 . Therefore, using (9), we find the probability that the
25

With expected value 1/.
This is a consequence of the so-called Large Deviation Principle. See the general book [13], and
Proposition 5.2 in Section 8.5 of [14] for a simple and instructive derivation of the upper bound, and
Section 1.9 of [5] for the (not so simple) derivation of the lower bound.
26

18

double-spending transaction has more cumulative weight at time t0 is roughly
P

0 /m
h wX

i

Gk < t0 = P

k=1

w0
hX
k=1
w0
hX

Vk < t0

i

t0 i
w0
k=1

0
 exp  w0  t
.
w0
=P

Vk < w0 

(10)


0
cannot be very
For the above probability to be small, wm0 needs to be large and  t
w0
small.
Note that, at time t  t0 , the cumulative weight of the legitimate transaction is
roughly w0 + (t  t0 ) because we assumed that the adaptation period is over, so the
cumulative weight grows with speed . Analogous to (10), one finds the probability
that the double-spending transaction has more cumulative weight at time t  t0 is
roughly

t
exp  (w0 + (t  t0 )) w0 +(tt
.
(11)
0)
0
  since the cumulative weight grows with
Then, it must be true that we have t
w0
speed less than  during the adaptation period. It can be shown that the probability
of achieving a successful double spend is of order

0 
,
)
.
(12)
exp  w0  max( t
w0 

For example, let  = 2,  = 3 so that the attackers power is only a bit less than
that of the rest of the network. Assume that the transaction has a cumulative weight
0 
, ) = 34 ,  43  0.03768, and (12) then gives the
of 32 by time 12. Then, max( t
w0 
upper bound approximately 0.29. If one assumes
that  = 1 and keeps all other pa
t0 
3
3
rameters intact, then max( w0 ,  ) = 8 ,  8  0.3558, and (12) gives approximately
0.00001135, quite a drastic change.
From the above discussion it is important to recognize that the inequality  > 
should be true for the system to be secure. In other words, the input flow of honest transactions should be large compared to the attackers computational power.
Otherwise, the estimate (12) would be useless. This indicates the need for additional security measures, such as checkpoints, during the early days of a tangle-based
system.
When choosing a strategy for deciding which one of two conflicting transactions
is valid, one has to be careful when using cumulative weight as a decision metric.
19

This is due to the fact that cumulative weight can be subject to an attack similar
to the one described in Section 4.1, namely the attacker may prepare a doublespending transaction well in advance, build a secret subtangle referencing it, and
then broadcast that subtangle after the merchant accepts the legitimate transaction.
A better method for deciding between two conflicting transactions might be the one
described in the next section: run the tip selection algorithm and see which of the
two transactions is indirectly approved by the selected tip.

4.1

A parasite chain attack and a new tip selection algorithm

Consider the following attack (Figure 6): an attacker secretly builds a subtangle that
occasionally references the main tangle to gain a higher score. Note that the score
of honest tips is roughly the sum of all own weights in the main tangle, while the
score of the attackers tips also contains the sum of all own weights in the parasite
chain. Since network latency is not an issue for an attacker who builds a subtangle
alone27 , they might be able to give more height to the parasite tips if they use a
computer that is sufficiently strong. Moreover, the attacker can artificially increase
their tip count at the moment of the attack by broadcasting many new transactions
that approve transactions that they issued earlier on the parasite chain (Figure 6).
This will give the attacker an advantage in the case where the honest nodes use some
selection strategy that involves a simple choice between available tips.
To defend against this attack style, we are going to use the fact that the main
tangle is supposed to have more active hashing power than the attacker. Therefore,
the main tangle is able to produce larger increases in cumulative weight for more
transactions than the attacker. The idea is to use a MCMC algorithm to select the
two tips to reference.
Let Hx be the current cumulative weight of a site. Recall that we assumed all
own weights are equal to 1. Therefore, the cumulative weight of a tip is always 1,
and the cumulative weight of other sites is at least 2.
The idea is to place some particles, a.k.a. random walkers, on sites of the tangle
and let them walk towards the tips in a random28 way. The tips chosen by the walks
are then the candidates for approval. The algorithm is described in the following way:
1. Consider all sites on the interval [W, 2W ], where W is reasonably large29 .
27

This is due to the fact that an attacker can always approve their own transactions without
relying on any information from the rest of the network.
28
There is not a canonical source of randomness. The nodes just use their own (pseudo)random
number generators to simulate the random walks.
29
The idea is to place the particle deep into the tangle so that it will not arrive at a tip straight

20

2. Independently place N particles on sites in that interval30 .
3. Let these particles perform independent discrete-time random walks towards
the tips, meaning that a transition from x to y is possible if and only if y
approves x
4. The two random walkers that reach the tip set first will sit on the two tips that
will be approved. However, it may be wise to modify this rule in the following
way: first discard those random walkers that reached the tips too fast because
they may have ended on one of the lazy tips.
5. The transition probabilities of the walkers are defined in the following way:
if y approves x (y  x), then the transition probability Pxy is proportional to
exp  (Hx  Hy ) , that is
Pxy

 X
1
= exp  (Hx  Hy )
exp  (Hx  Hz )
,
z:z

(13)

x

where  > 0 is a parameter to be chosen31 .
Note that this algorithm is local, meaning one does not need to traverse the tangle
back to the genesis to perform relevant calculations. In particular, observe that one
does not need to calculate the cumulative weights for the whole tangle. At most one
needs to calculate the cumulative weights for the sites that indirectly approve the
starting point of the walker.
To check that the algorithm works as intended, first consider the lazy tips.
These tips intentionally approve some old transactions to avoid doing verification
work (Figure 6). Even if the particle is on a site approved by a lazy tip, it is not
probable that the lazy tip would be selected because the difference between cumulative
weights would be very large and Pxy would be small.
Next, consider this alternate attack style: the attacker secretly builds a chain
containing a transaction that empties their account balance to another account under
away. However, the particle should not be placed too deep because it needs to find a tip in a
reasonable time. Also, the interval [W, 2W ] is arbitrary. One could chose [W, 5W ], etc. There are
also other ways to select the walkers starting points. For example, a node can simply take a random
transaction received between t0 and 2t0 time units in the past, where t0 is some fixed time point.
30
This choice is largely arbitrary. We use several particles instead of just two for additional
security. The idea is that if a particle were to accidentally jump to the attackers chain, which is
supposed to be long, then it would spend a lot of time there and other tips will be chosen first.
31
One can start with  = 1.

21

lazy tips

main tangle

good tips

parasite chain

Figure 6: Visual representation of the tip selection algorithm for honest tips, as well
as the parasite chain. The two red circles indicate an attempted double-spend by an
attacker.
their control, indicated as the leftmost red circle in Figure 6. Then, the attacker issues
a transaction on the main tangle, represented by the rightmost red circle, and waits
for the merchant to accept it. The parasite chain occasionally references the main
tangle. However, the cumulative weight is not very large in the parasite chain. It
should be noted that the parasite chain cannot reference the main tangle after the
merchants transaction. Furthermore, the attacker might try to artificially inflate the
number of tips in their parasite chain at the moment of the attack (Figure 6). The
attackers idea is to make the nodes issuing new transactions reference the parasite
chain so that the honest branch of the tangle will be orphaned.
It is easy to see why the MCMC selection algorithm will not select one of the attackers tips with high probability. The reasoning is identical to the lazy tip scenario:
the sites on the parasite chain will have a cumulative weight that is much smaller
than the sites that they reference on the main tangle. Therefore, it is not probable
that the random walker will ever jump to the parasite chain unless it begins there,
and this event is not very probable either because the main tangle contains more
sites.
As an additional protecting measure, we can first ran a random walk with a
large  (so that it is in fact almost deterministic) to choose a model tip; then,
use random walks with small  for actual tip selection, but verify if the (indirectly)
referenced transactions are consistent with the model tip.
Observe also that, for a random walk that always moves towards the tips it is very
simple and rapid to calculate the exit probability distribution using a straightforward
recursion; this is something that we do not want the nodes to do. However, it is
22

possible to modify our approach in the following way: on each step, the random
walk may backtrack (i.e., go 1 step away from the tips) with probability (say) 13 (and
divide the remaining 23 as before). The walk will reach the tips very queckly anyway
(because it has a drift towards the tips), but it will not be so easy to calculate the
exit measure.
Let us comment on why the nodes would follow this algorithm. Recall from
Section 1 that it is reasonable to assume that at least a good proportion of the
nodes will follow the reference algorithm. Also, because of computational and network
delays, the tip selection algorithm would rather work with a past snapshot of the
tangle with respect to the moment when a transaction is issued. It may be a good
idea to intentionally move this snapshot to a time point further in the past32 in the
reference algorithm for the reasons that we explain in the sequel. Imagine a selfish
node that just wants to maximize the chances of their transaction being approved
quickly. The MCMC algorithm of this section, which is adopted by a considerable
proportion of nodes, defines a probability distribution on the set of tips. It is clear that
a natural first choice for a selfish node would be to choose the tips where the maximum
of that distribution is attained. However, if many other nodes also behave in a selfish
way and use the same strategy, which is a reasonable assumption, then they all will
lose. Many new transactions will approve the same two tips at roughly the same time,
therefore generating too much competition between them for subsequent approval.
It should also be clear that nodes will not immediately feel the cumulative weight
increase caused by this mass approval of the same two tips since the nodes are using a
past snapshot. For this reason, even a selfish node would have to use some random tip
approval algorithm33 with a probability distribution for tip selection that is close to
the default probability distribution produced by the reference tip selection algorithm.
We do not claim that this aggregated probability distribution would be equal to
the default probability distribution in the presence of selfish nodes. However, the
above argument shows that it should be close to it. This means that the probability
of many nodes attempting to verify the same bad tips would remain small. In any
32
First the random walker finds a former tip with respect to that snapshot, and then it continues
to walk towards the actual tips on the current tangle.
33
as noticed before, for a backtracking walk there seem to be no easy way to discover which tips
are better (that is, more likely to be selected by honest nodes) other than running the MCMC
many times. However, running MCRW many times requires time and other resources; after one
spends some time on it, the state of the tangle will already change, so one would possibly even have
to start anew. This explains why nodes do not have reasons to abandon the MCMC tips selection
strategy in favor of something else, at least if they assume that a considerable proportion of the
other nodes follow the default tips selection strategy.

23

case, there is not a large incentive for the nodes to be selfish because possible gains
only amount to a slight decrease in confirmation time. This is inherently different
from other decentralized constructs, such as Bitcoin. The important fact is that nodes
do not have reasons to abandon the MCMC tip selection algorithm.
We would like to mention that the definition of transition probabilities, as given
in (13), has not been set in stone. Instead of the exponent, one can use a different
function that decreases rapidly, such f (s) = s3 . There is also freedom for choosing W
and N as well. At this point in time, it is unclear if there are any theoretical arguments
that show exactly in which way these parameters should be chosen. In sum, we feel
that the main contribution of this section is the idea of using MCMC for tip selection.

4.2

Splitting attack

Aviv Zohar suggested the following attack scheme against the proposed MCMC algorithm. In the high-load regime, an attacker can try to split the tangle into two
branches and maintain the balance between them. This would allow both branches
to continue to grow. The attacker must place at least two conflicting transactions
at the beginning of the split to prevent an honest node from effectively joining the
branches by referencing them both simultaneously. Then, the attacker hopes that
roughly half of the network would contribute to each branch so that they would be
able to compensate for random fluctuations, even with a relatively small amount
of personal computing power. If this technique works, the attacker would be able to
spend the same funds on the two branches.
To defend against such an attack, one needs to use a sharp-threshold rule that
makes it too hard to maintain the balance between the two branches. An example
of such a rule is selecting the longest chain on the Bitcoin network. Let us translate
this concept to the tangle when it is undergoing a splitting attack. Assume that
the first branch has total weight 537, and the second branch has total weight 528.
If an honest node selects the first branch with probability very close to 1/2, then
the attacker would probably be able to maintain the balance between the branches.
However, if an honest node selects the first branch with probability much larger
than 1/2, then the attacker would probably be unable to maintain the balance. The
inability to maintain balance between the two branches in the latter case is due to
the fact that after an inevitable random fluctuation, the network will quickly choose
one of the branches and abandon the other. In order to make the MCMC algorithm
behave this way, one has to choose a very rapidly decaying function f , and initiate the
random walk at a node with large depth so that it is highly probable that the walk
starts before the branch bifurcation. In this case, the random walk would choose the
24

heavier branch with high probability, even if the difference in cumulative weight
between the competing branches is small.
It is worth noting that the attackers task is very difficult because of network
synchronization issues: they may not be aware of a large number of recently issued
transactions34 . Another effective method for defending against a splitting attack
would be for a sufficiently powerful entity to instantaneously publish a large number
of transactions on one branch, thus rapidly changing the power balance and making
it difficult for the attacker to deal with this change. If the attacker manages to maintain the split, the most recent transactions will only have around 50% confirmation
confidence (Section 1), and the branches will not grow. In this scenario, the honest
nodes may decide to start selectively giving their approval to the transactions that
occurred before the bifurcation, bypassing the opportunity to approve the conflicting
transactions on the split branches.
One may consider other versions of the tip selection algorithm. For example, if
a node sees two big subtangles, then it chooses the one with a larger sum of own
weights before performing the MCMC tip selection algorithm outlined above.
The following idea may be worth considering for future implementations. One
could make the transition probabilities defined in (13) depend on both Hx  Hy and
Hx in such a way that the next step of the Markov chain is almost deterministic
when the walker is deep in the tangle, yet becomes more random when the walker is
close to tips. This will help avoid entering the weaker branch while assuring sufficient
randomness when choosing the two tips to approve.
Conclusions:
1. We considered attack strategies for when an attacker tries to double-spend by
outpacing the system.
2. The large weight attack means that, in order to double-spend, the attacker
tries to give a very large weight to the double-spending transaction so that it
would outweigh the legitimate subtangle. This strategy would be a menace
to the network in the case where the allowed own weight is unbounded. As a
solution, we may limit the own weight of a transaction from above, or set it to
a constant value.
3. In the situation where the maximal own weight of a transaction is m, the best
attack strategy is to generate transactions with own weight m that reference the
34

The real cumulative weights may be quite different from what they believe.

25

double-spending transaction. When the input flow of honest transactions is
large enough compared to the attackers computational power, the probability
that the double-spending transaction has a larger cumulative weight can be
estimated using the formula (12) (see also examples below (12)).
4. The attack method of building a parasite chain makes approval strategies
based on height or score obsolete since the attackers sites will have higher
values for these metrics when compared to the legitimate tangle. On the other
hand, the MCMC tip selection algorithm described in Section 4.1 seems to
provide protection against this kind of attack.
5. The MCMC tip selection algorithm also offers protection against the lazy nodes
as a bonus.

5

Resistance to quantum computations

It is known that a sufficiently large quantum computer35 could be very efficient for
handling problems that rely on trial and error to find a solution. The process of finding
a nonce in order to generate a Bitcoin block is a good example of such a problem. As
of today, one must check an average of 268 nonces to find a suitable hash that allows
a new block tobe generated. It is known (see e.g. [15]) that a quantum computer
would need ( N ) operations to solve a problem that is analogous to the Bitcoin
puzzle stated above. This same problem would need (N ) operations
on a classical

34
68
computer. Therefore, a quantum computer would be around 2 = 2  17 billion
times more efficient at mining the Bitcoin blockchain than a classical computer. Also,
it is worth noting that if a blockchain does not increase its difficulty in response to
increased hashing power, there would be an increased rate of orphaned blocks.
For the same reason, a large weight attack would also be much more efficient
on a quantum computer. However, capping the weight from above, as suggested
in Section 4, would effectively prevent a quantum computer attack as well. This is
evident in iota because the number of nonces that one needs to check in order to find
a suitable hash for issuing a transaction is not unreasonably large. On average, it is
around 38 . The gain of efficiency for an ideal quantum computer would therefore be
of order 34 = 81, which is already quite acceptable36 . More importantly, the algorithm
used in the iota implementation is structured such that the time to find a nonce is
35
36

Still a hypothetical
construct as of today.


Note that ( N ) could easily mean 10 N .

26

not much larger than the time needed for other tasks that are necessary to issue a
transaction. The latter part is much more resistant against quantum computing, and
therefore gives the tangle much more protection against an adversary with a quantum
computer when compared to the (Bitcoin) blockchain.

Acknowledgements
The author thanks Bartosz Kusmierz, Cyril Grunspan and Toru Kazama who pointed
out several errors in earlier drafts, and James Brogan for his contributions towards
making this paper more readable.

References
[1] Iota: a cryptocurrency for Internet-of-Things. See http://www.iotatoken.com/,
and https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1216479.0
[2] bitcoinj. Working with micropayment channels.
https://bitcoinj.github.io/working-with-micropayments
[3] people on nxtforum.org (2014) DAG, a generalized blockchain.
https://nxtforum.org/proof-of-stake-algorithm/dag-a-generalized-blockchain/
(registration at nxtforum.org required)
[4] Moshe Babaioff, Shahar Dobzinski, Sigal Oren, Aviv Zohar (2012) On
Bitcoin and red balloons. Proc. 13th ACM Conf. Electronic Commerce, 5673.
[5] Richard Durrett (2004) Probability  Theory and Examples. Duxbury advanced series.
[6] Sergio Demian Lerner (2015) DagCoin: a cryptocurrency without blocks.
https://bitslog.wordpress.com/2015/09/11/dagcoin/
[7] Yonatan Sompolinsky, Aviv Zohar (2013) Accelerating Bitcoins
Transaction Processing. Fast Money Grows on Trees, Not Chains.
https://eprint.iacr.org/2013/881.pdf
[8] Yonatan Sompolinsky, Yoad Lewenberg, Aviv Zohar (2016) SPECTRE:
Serialization of Proof-of-work Events: Confirming Transactions via Recursive
Elections. https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/1159.pdf
27

[9] Yoad Lewenberg, Yonatan Sompolinsky, Aviv Zohar (2015) Inclusive
Block Chain Protocols.
http://www.cs.huji.ac.il/~avivz/pubs/15/inclusive btc.pdf
[10] Joseph Poon, Thaddeus Dryja (2016) The Bitcoin Lightning Network:
Scalable Off-Chain Instant Payments.
https://lightning.network/lightning-network-paper.pdf
[11] Sheldon M. Ross (2012) Introduction to Probability Models. 10th ed.
[12] David Vorick (2015) Getting rid of blocks. slides.com/davidvorick/braids
[13] Amir Dembo, Ofer Zeitouni (2010) Large Deviations Techniques and Applications. Springer.
[14] Sheldon M. Ross (2009) A First Course in Probability. 8th ed.
[15] Gilles Brassard, Peter Hyer, Alain Tapp (1998) Quantum cryptanalysis
of hash and claw-free functions. Lecture Notes in Computer Science 1380, 163
169.

28

MinexCoin Legal Opinion
MinexCoin Concept
Introduction and Background
To proceed with the legal analysis, it is important to first lay the grounds by way of introducing the different
cryptocurrencies that exist and how the cryptocurrency industry has evolved over time.
Classic cryptocurrency, that is Bitcoin, is a cryptocurrency in its traditional sense, since it has characteristics
customary to usual currencies because Bitcoin acts as an account within the system, a store of value and a
medium of exchange. It is, however, digital and virtual in nature by being encrypted. The key innovative feature
is that it is the first decentralized currency powered by an open public ledger technology that records and
validates all transactions, called the Blockchain.
Over time, other categories of cryptocurrencies came into existence and those include tokens and so-called
alternative cryptocurrency coins (altcoins), the latter is a cryptocurrency that aims to be an alternative to
Bitcoin, usually built on its open-sourced original protocol but differ in underlying codes and, thus, in key
features. Token is often a representation of a particular asset, which is fungible and tradeable, hence why it can
be anything from commodities to loyalty points, or representation of a utility, that usually resides on top of the
blockchain. The key difference between cryptocurrencies and tokens is that with the latter there is no need to
create or modify any underlying code, since tokens can be created on top of the platform (e.g. Ethereum)
powered by smart contracts. The main differentiating factor between cryptocurrency and token can, thus, be
narrowed down to an answer to the following question: was a coin intended to act as a separate currency with
its own separate blockchain or was created on top of the already existing platform.
Another crucial differentiating factor between tokens and cryptocurrencies that is worth noting at the outset,
is that tokens emission is centralized whilst cryptocurrencies are decentralized in nature and are the
consequence of mining, hence, they cannot be influenced in any away and are only subject to market forces.
MinexCoin Legal Design
Based on the above, MinexCoin falls under the definition of cryptocurrency since it was intended to act as an
alternative type of cryptocurrency asset with innovative features based on Bitcoins open source code. In
summary, MinexCoin presents itself as a decentralized open-source cryptocurrency that can be used by anyone
but can be influenced by no one since it is akin to Bitcoin- decentralized cryptocurrency controlled only by
market forces. Due to the fact that the code of cryptocurrency is open-source, all users are equal in the ability
to create any services or applications in which this cryptocurrency will be used.

US Securities Laws
Background
By way of a background, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has a three-part mission: protection
of investors, maintenance of fair, orderly and efficient markets and facilitation of capital formation. In order to
implement its mission SEC has quite a wide mandate on reviews and enforcement actions it may undertake in
upholding its mission.

On 25 July 2017, it was announced that SEC issues investigative report concluding that DAO tokens were, in
fact, securities.1 The idea behind DAO was to create a decentralized autonomous venture fund. The SEC came
to a conclusion that DAO tokens were securities that are regulated as a matter of the U.S. securities regulation
because the enterprise was essentially a pooled investment vehicle. The reason being the nature of the DAO
token that gave investors a right to vote on the projects that should be funded and receive profits from those
projects as a return on their investments.
It is important to note, that U.S. securities regulation does not regulate the investment instrument as such, but
the transactions that relate to it, which is why it is crucial to analyze whether a transaction may involve a security
by way of applying the Howey Test2 described below. If that is the case, then the transaction has to be registered
subject to the available securities exemption. Registration, in turn, entails disclosure of certain information
including description of security being offered and information about companys management.
Violation of registration requirements can lead to holding the person, who offers or sale securities without any
registration, liable in respect of the person purchasing such security from. The security purchaser may then sue
to recover the consideration paid for such security with interest thereon, less the amount of any income
received thereon, upon the tender of such security, or for damages if he no longer owns the security (Sec. 12 of
Securities Act of 1933 of the USA).
Is MinexCoin a Security?
In the context of coins and ICO, the relevant test applied by the U.S. Courts is the Howey Test. It is used to
determine whether an instrument qualifies as an investment contract as defined by federal and state securities
laws.
The seminal Supreme Court case for determining whether an instrument meets the definition of security
is SEC v. Howey, 328 U.S. 293 (1946). The Supreme Court has reaffirmed the Howey analysis as recently
as 2004. Howey focuses specifically on the term investment contract within the definition of security,
noting that it has been used to classify those instruments that are of a more variable character that
may be considered a form of contract, transaction, or scheme whereby an investor lays out money in a
way intended to secure income or profit from its employment. Not every contract or agreement is an
investment contract and the Supreme Court developed a four-part test to determine whether an
agreement constitutes an investment contract and therefore a security.
In the case of United Housing Foundation, Inc. v Forman (1975), The U.S. Supreme court summarized the test
the following way:
the basic test for distinguishing the transaction from other commercial
dealings is whether the scheme involves an investment of money in a
common enterprise with profits to come solely from the efforts of others. . .
This test, in shorthand form, embodies the essential attributes that run
through all of the Court's decisions defining a security. The touchstone is
the presence of an investment in a common venture premised on a
reasonable expectation of profits to be derived from the entrepreneurial or
managerial efforts of others. By profits, the Court has meant either capital
appreciation resulting from the development of the initial investment, . . .
or a participation in earnings resulting from the use of investors' funds, . . .
Report of Investigation Pursuant to Section 21(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: The Dao, SEC Release No. 34-81207
(July 25, 2017), (https://www.sec.gov/litigation/investreport/34-81207.pdf ).
2 Securities and Exchange Commission v. W. J. Howey Co., 328 U.S. 293 (1946) case.
1

In such cases, the investor is "attracted solely by the prospects of a return"
on his investment. . .. By contrast, when a purchaser is motivated by a
desire to use or consume the item purchased. . . - the securities laws do
not apply.
Based on the above and later cases, that have expanded the term money to include investments of assets
other than money, we can deduce the following key parts to the Howey test:
1. It is an investment of money or other tangible or definable consideration
2. The investment of money is in a common enterprise
3. There is an expectation of profits from the investment, which comes solely from the efforts of others
Applying the test above to MinexCoin, we find the following:
1. It is an investment of money or other tangible or definable consideration
On this point, it is crucial to note that MNXs, being the cryptocurrency akin to Bitcoin as described earlier, can
be mined, which in turn means that their emission is decentralized. Overall, this leads to the conclusion that
one can obtain them without investing any money or other tangible or definable consideration but just the
computing power. One can purchase MNXs on exchange, but, being only one of the ways of getting the
cryptocurrency, we consider this factor to be only partly satisfied.
2. The investment of money is in a common enterprise
The law on the common enterprise element is somewhat unclear and not easily susceptible to analysis.
However, there are three approaches to define whether common enterprise exists:





under the horizontal approach, a common enterprise is deemed to exist where multiple
investors pool funds into an investment and the profits of each investor correlate with those of
the other investors;
under the narrow vertical approach, a common enterprise exists, if the profits of investor are
tied to the promoter;
under the broad vertical approach, a common enterprise exists, if the success of investor
depends on the promoters expertise.

We do not consider this factor to be satisfied, since, although relationship between market-actors is horizontal
in nature, there is no common enterprise as such; the system created is completely decentralized blockchainbased financial system where actors are completely autonomous from one another.
3. There is an expectation of profits from the investment, which comes solely from the efforts of others
In our case as MNXs are used only as a cryptocurrency, which can be traded on exchange and that aims to act
as part of the global ecosystem of digital assets. It is an autonomous crypt-asset, which can be mined, not only
purchased. All this negates the possibility of this factor to be satisfied.
Summary
As we see in our case the only one factor of the Howey test that is partly satisfied, in our opinion, is the
investment of money or other tangible or definable consideration. Other two factors we consider not to be
satisfied. For token to be considered a security all three elements have to be present, thus, there is a low risk
that the MinexCoin will fall under the definition of securities according to the U.S. federal and state laws,

especially considering that its build on the decentralized principles and can be obtained by way of mining. We
find that MinexCoin is not securities since it is an open-source cryptocurrency, meaning it can be used by
anyone.

Final Conclusion
Based on the above analysis we find that MinexCoin, being the decentralized cryptocurrency akin to Bitcoin,
has very low legal risks due to its decentralized nature meaning there is no way one can influence the MinexCoin
price setting apart from general market forces.
Disclaimer: Juscutum Attorneys Association cannot and does not intend to guarantee that the information given above will coin cide
with the position of the regulatory authorities. By giving the disclaimer herein Juscutum Attorneys Association disclaims any
responsibility for the consequences (whether direct or indirect) that may arise due to differences in the regulatory approaches and
approaches identified in this Legal Opinion.

Whitepaper
MobileGo Token
www.mobilego.io
After two years of development with gaming industry leaders, Datcroft
LTD., Gamecredits is close to completion of development of the first crypto
mobile gaming store. This mobile gaming store has a proprietary payment
gateway that allows gamers to use Gamecredits to buy in-game content.
Gamecredits can be acquired with credit cards and other local payment
methods within this gateway. Over 300 games from 150 developers are
already signed on and the Gamecredits Mobile Store is scheduled to
release in early Q2 of 2017.
The MobileGo crowdsale and MobileGo token issuance will help fund marketing and branding of the Gamecredits Mobile Store and the development
of smart contract technology within the platform using the Ethereum
blockchain.
MobileGo tokens will be used to gamify the mobile platform, and to incentivize gamers for loyalty and participation through rewards. MobileGo tokens will also allow smart contract technology. MobileGo tokens will allow the development of a decentralized virtual mobile gamer marketplace, the ability for gamer vs. gamer decentralized match play, and
decentralized tournaments run on smart contracts.

Market and Industry
In 2016, global gaming industry revenue was $99.6 billion. By 2019, the
industry is expected to grow by 20% to $118.6 billion.

!

* http://resources.newzoo.com/global-mobile-market-report
Of that growth, the global mobile gaming market is the fastest growing sector. The mobile gaming market was $36.7 billion in 2016. At current growth
rates, the mobile gaming market is expected to grow 58% to $58.1 billion
by 2020.

*https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/global-games-market-reaches-99-6-billion-2016-mobile-generating-37/

!



The region of greatest growth in mobile gaming markets is Asia, which
consists of 49% of all smart phones users.

!

* http://resources.newzoo.com/global-mobile-market-report

Current Mobile Gaming Platforms and Stores
The largest concentration of mobile gaming platforms is in China. China
represents 30.2% of the worlds smartphone users. 73.3% of these smartphones are Android. As a result, the majority of mobile gaming revenues are
generated on Android devices. In China, there are over 200 successful third
party mobile stores.

!



Outside of China, Google Play and Apple currently control over 98% of
the mobile gaming market, creating lack of competition from other 3rd
party gaming platforms.
This monopolization of the market puts major restrictions on most
gaming developers and gamers.
The Gamecredits Mobile Store is an alternative choice and the first one
built around cryptocurrency to solve issues in the larger gaming industry.
This mobile gaming store app is in final testing now and will be available
on Android in early Q2 2017.

Gamecredits Gaming Store and Mobile Platform
Current screenshots of Gamecredits Mobile Store:

!

This mobile platform currently has over 300 games from 150 developers
scheduled for its initial launch. We estimate that this platform will have over

1000 games available for play sometime in mid to late 2017. Names of
these games and developers will be released beginning in April 2017.

Benefits for Game Developers
The response we have received from game developers has been
overwhelmingly positive. The reasons are many.
Currently game developers using Google Play and Apple Store pay up to
30% of their revenues to these platforms. Our platform revenue model will
take only 10% of revenues.
In addition, mobile gaming companies have to wait up to 60 days for
pay-outs. Our platform will make payouts much more quickly.
Game developers also have long waiting periods to have their new
releases added to these platforms. Our platform allows for quick and easy
integration of SDKs. We achieve this by having an integration environment
that allows developers to upload their APK file. Our system then checks
Google Play for verification and downloads the vetted APK from there. In
this way, we avoid any backlog while maintaining quality control. From
there our system integrates the SDK and all connections without requiring
any development resources from the game developer.

!



On average, 1k games are added to platforms like Google Play and Apple
every day.* The vast majority of those are never seen by games on these
platforms while the largest games such as Pokemon Go, Candy Crush
and Clash of Clans are featured for months at a time. We will actively work
in conjunction with developers to help gain exposure on our platform.

*http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/apple-app-store-growing-by-over-1000-apps-per-day-1504801
For a complete list of 11 advantages our platform offers to game developers go to www.gamecredits.com.

Benefits to Gamers
Gamers will get more for their money using our mobile store. Game
developers will incentivize gamers to use Gamecredits through in-game
coupons and rewards. MobileGO token holders will be able to earn additional
dis-counts when using Gamecredits to purchase in-game content.

Our platform payment gateway allows gamers many more options for
payment. Google and Apple only allow deposits from credits cards. The
Gamecredits Mobile Game app will allow the use of credit cards,
Gamecredits, and local payment methods.
Unlike Google and Apple that have strict deposit limit amounts, our platform
will allow for unlimited deposits.

The Opportunity With MobileGO Crowdsale
With a $50 billion mobile market, acquiring just a fraction of market
penetration results in large revenues: 0.2% market share alone is $100
million a year.
The MobileGo crowdsale will fund us to expand more quickly to acquire this
market share.
A minimum of 50% of all funds raised in the crowdsale will be used for
marketing. A large component of marketing will be direct gamer acquisition
knows as installs. Installs will be purchased from many different traffic
sources, including Facebook, Google Adwords, offer walls and specialized
gaming traffic sources.
In addition to traditional forms of marketing, the functionality of
MobileGo token smart contract technology allows us to create a number
of unique value-added features for the mobile platform.

MobileGo Tokens and the Gamification of the Mobile Platform
Gamers that use the mobile platform will create a profile. A profile will have
a certain social status based on games played, referrals, and social
interaction on the platform.

!



Gamers that achieve certain levels of status will be rewarded with
MobileGo tokens. Gamers that own or have acquired a certain number of
MobileGo tokens may be eligible for the following incentives:
A) Coupon reward discounts when using Gamecredits to purchase ingame content.
B) Free entrance into VIP gaming tournaments with real cash prizes
C) Private beta testing of certain new release games in the store.

Real Money Tournaments
Through tournaments on our mobile platform, we aim to duplicate the
success that BigPoint had in the PC/Web gaming market.
At its height, BigPoint attracted hundreds of thousands of new users daily
to its web gaming platform by having tournaments and free cash pools.
The Gamecredits Mobile platform will have both centralized and
decentralized gaming tournaments.

Decentralized Tournaments
Decentralized tournaments on the platform will be set up and run by users
of the platform who have MobileGo tokens. MobileGo tokens will be the
only token in the decentralized tournament ecosystem.
As FirstBlood plans to use smart contracts to allow gamers to create
tournaments for Web/PC games, the Gamecredits Mobile Store will
similarly allow gamers to create tournaments for mobile MMOs.
Similar to FirstBlood, these tournaments will be under full control of
the players, with witnesses to verify the tournaments.

One difference is that with the Gamecredits Mobile Platform these
tournaments will not need their own independent mobile app
environment. Instead, they will be run inside the Gamecredits mobile
platform.

Centralized Tournaments
Centralized gaming tournaments will be run through gaming developers on
the platform to promote their games. These tournaments will be sponsored
tournaments to encourage player participation within a particular game.

Gamers that have achieved a certain profile status based on MobileGo tokens earned or held may have special eligibility into some or all of these
tournaments.

!

Decentralized Virtual marketplace
MobileGo tokens will be the centerpiece for a decentralized virtual
market-place within the Gamecredits mobile platform.

This marketplace will allow gamers to trade virtual items from mobile
games directly with each other using MobileGo tokens. These trades will
occur on the Ethereum blockchain.

Profit Generation on the Mobile Platform
Industry averages for the cost of acquiring a gamer range from $.83 $1.71. The average amount spent by gamers on mobile platforms ranges
from $1.15-$4.40.

!

To estimate profits on the platform we will take the three largest markets Asia, North American and Western Europe. On average the marketing cost
to acquire a gamer is $1.50. The average revenue spent on the platform
month per gamer is $3.71.
With this example we should expect for every $1.50 spent in marketing the
platform to receive $3.71 in monthly revenue as a baseline.

In addition, industry platform averages show that for every one gamer
acquired for a popular game you can expect two referrals. We prefer to
project at a 1 to 1 ratio of gamer to referral. Therefore, for every $1.50
spent we will assume $7.42 in monthly revenue. If we adjust for a 10%
monthly attrition rate, the total annual platform revenue would be $53.16.
Our platform will take 10% commission on all game and in-game revenue.
Based on these averages, we expect to make around $5.13 of annual
commissions per gamer on our platform. Subtracting the cost to acquire a
gamer ($1.50) our annual profit per gamer would be $3.81. It is our goal is
to be profitable by Q4 of 2017.

Profits To Burn MobileGo Token
We will use a percentage of the profits from the Gamecredits mobile store
to buy back and to burn MobileGo tokens.
Once the crowdsale is completed, a marketing fund will be created with a
minimum of 50% of funds raised. The allocation of these resources and
the profits that these resources generate will be audited and made
available to MobileGo Token holders.
A percentage of our profits will be used to continue marketing and a
percentage of profits will be used to buy back MobileGo tokens.

Allocation of MobileGo Tokens
100 Million MobileGo Tokens will be created. These will be issued once
the crowdsale is completed.
Discounts will be available for first day crowd sale participants. Discounts
may be available for interested parties prior to the crowd sale. For
information contact crowdsale@mobilego.io.
MobileGo Tokens can be purchased with BTC, ETH, WAVES, and GAME.
All funds will be received and held in multi-signature wallets.

Distribution of MobileGo Tokens
100 Million Total
70 Million to crowdsale participants
30 Million retained by the MobileGo Foundation for crowdsale marketing,
mobile platform partnerships, employee expansion and future development
over the next 5 years. These tokens will be held in a multi-signature wallet.

Distribution of Funds
All funds received will be disbursed by the special company,
established by MobileGo Foundation. Minimum 50% towards
direct marketing for gamer installs.
20% for development of decentralized virtual marketplace, decentralized
gamer vs. gamer match wagering, and decentralized tournament
environment.
Up to 30% retained for legal, payment processing float, future development
related to gamification of the mobile gaming platform and expansion related
to marketing.

Current Development and Release Roadmap
April 25th - May 24th: MobileGo crowdsale
May - June: Gamecredits Mobile Store Public Launch
May - June: Gamecredits accepted for mobile store games and ingame content purchases
June - August: marketing funds deployed
July - August: first centralized tournaments on platform
Q4 2017 - complete gamification of mobile platform including MobileGo
token integration into player profiles, statuses, and rewards
Q4 2017 - complete decentralized virtual gamer marketplace
Q1 2018 - complete integration of decentralized gamer matches and decentralized gamer tournaments

Crowdsale Schedule
Dates for the crowdsale launch April 25 3pm UTC until May 24th 3pm
UTC.
This timeline will coincide closely with the public launch of the Gamecredits
mobile store.
Official dates and discount schedules will be announced in the
coming weeks.
Before the crowdsale begins, we will begin releasing daily reports on the
details of the games and game developers that will be a part of our
initial mobile platform release.

MobileGo Tokens and Gamecredits
While they serve two separate functions, it is important to note the
symbiotic relationship between MobileGo tokens and Gamecredits.
A successful MobileGo crowdsale should have a positive impact on the
Gamecredits ecosystem, economy and price by financing the acquisition of
millions of gamers for the Gamecredits mobile gaming platform.
The more gamers that use the Gamecredits mobile platform the more
Gamecredits should be purchased and spent in games. This should
create more demand for Gamecredits.
In return, the success of the platform should result in a large economy for
the gamification of the platform and the usability of MobileGo tokens
including increased demand for the decentralized marketplace,
decentralized tournaments and gamer vs. gamer matches.

Technical Aspects of Issuance
MobileGo Token Dual Blockchain Issuance
The MobileGo Token will be the first crypto token to be simultaneously issued on the Waves platform and the Ethereum platform. Using a new
technology comprised of a web interface, locked wallets and smart
contracts on the Ethereum side, MobileGo tokens will be dynamically
interchangeable from one blockchain to another as the end user wishes.

Technical Specifications
The token has a fixed supply of 100 million tokens, with the full supply created
on both blockchains. Tokens purchased in ETH will be released to users
wallets on the Ethereum blockchain, with the balance being locked in a smart
contract. Tokens purchased in fiat, GAME, BTC and WAVES will be

released on the WAVES blockchain, with the balance locked in a
WAVES wallet.
As such, the balance of the ETH smart contract is equal to the liquidity of
the WAVES tokens, and the balance of the WAVES locked wallet is equal
to the liquidity of the ETH token.
At any point that an ETH token holder wants to convert a ETH MobileGo
token for a WAVES token, they send a WAVES address and their ETH tokens to the smart contract, locking the ETH tokens, and releasing the
corresponding WAVES token by sending them to the nominated address.

Likewise, if a WAVES token holder wants to move his token onto the ETH
blockchain they visit the web interface, nominate an ETH address, and
send their WAVES token to the locked wallet. The ETH token is
forwarded immediately.

!

At any given moment there will be no more than 100 Million available (unlocked) MobileGo tokens.



Example:
$10 million raised in crowdsale:
$4 million raised in ETH
$6 million raised in BTC, GAME and Waves
100 million MobileGo Tokens issued on the Ethereum blockchain;
40 million will be sent to users wallets
60 million will remain in the smart contract
100 million MobileGo tokens issued on WAVES blockchain;
60 million will be sent to users WAVES wallets
40 million will remain locked on a WAVES node.

Proof Of Concept
A proof of concept smart contract and token flipper is nearing completion the smart contract code is available for review at https://etherscan.io/address/0x2c875e5ea4706b1978a41b59edf2d3af31d60e70#code

Advantage of Dual Blockchains

!



Ethereum
As mentioned throughout the paper, smart contract technology will be used
to implement many new decentralized features on the Gamecredits Mobile
Gaming Platform.

WAVES
WAVES offers several platform characteristics that we find appealing.
These include an intuitively easy to use universal Chrome wallet and
UI and the ability for fiat gateways.
WAVES decentralized asset exchange allows for native token trading without inherent 3rd part regulation and fees. This exchange will be used to
buy back MobileGo tokens with platform profits.

Redundancy and Sustainability
Another security advantage of the dual blockchain issuance is redundancy.
If at any point in the future a critical technical issue were to occur on either
the WAVES platform or Ethereum blockchain, MobileGo tokens would
have the capacity to move to the fully functioning and stable blockchain.
Since data would be in the blockchain, in the event that one blockchain
were to become non-functioning, users would be able to sign a transaction
on a private blockchain proving their ownership. Upon proof of ownership,
tokens would be unlocked from the healthy remaining blockchain and issued to owners.

Synergy
MobileGo Tokens will be built around a synergistic alignment of talents from
different corners of the crypto world. Our core business model aims to be

the first crypto project to successfully bridge the gap between crypto
technologies and the elusive global mainstream consumer base.
MobileGo tokens will help fund marketing that will greatly enhance the
utility and value of Gamecredits. Likewise, we look forward to using the
advantages of WAVES and Ethereum to further build and enhance our
quality products.

Technical Aspects of Payment Gateway
Technological Advances Within Payment Gateway
The Gamecredits mobile store will use a customized and proprietary
centralized payment gateway solution built by our developers. This
payment gateway is currently being beta tested in Datcroft Ltd. games.
This gateway will offer Gamecredits as a featured payment option for
purchasing in-game content. Gamers will be able to acquire Gamecredits
directly within the payment gateway with Bitcoin, credit cards, and other
local payment methods without ever having to leave the mobile app.
Our payment gateway was built for security, scalability and ease of use.
Our Codepay platform is based on Hadoop and HBase. We are also using
Omid as a transactional framework. Also, we have a SQL-over-NoSQL layer which allows easier analytical access to the data. Our goal is to process
Big Data at high speeds. To that end, we have built an analytical cluster
which allows for easy customization.
Load-wise, we have successfully tested 7,000 transactions per second in
a test environment. Results can be seen here:
https://monosnap.com/file/qbb3y3MSZ7e92TS1pRv1lBvXXPWcL8

!



Development Team
Combined, the MobileGo team has over 25 years experience in game
development, managing gaming revenues and game marketing,
successfully acquiring over 13 million gamers to their games. In addition,
the team has over 15 years combined experience in payment processing
engineering, big data technology and enterprise solution development.
Sergey Sholom, PhD. As a teenager, Sergey was a championship level
gamer and created the first large gamer group tournaments in Russia for
Quake. After receiving a PhD in mathematical modeling, Sergey founded
Datcroft Games Ltd. in 2004. Over the last 13 years, Datcroft has
developed multiple worldwide popular games with registered users
exceeding 13 million gamers. Sergey continues to oversee a company of
over 100 employees that continues to bring new cutting edge games to
market. Datcrofts latest game Pixel Wars, to be released in May, has
already received critical acclaim. Sergey has been a proponent of using
blockchain technology to solve many problems in the gaming industry. He
has traveled the world giving lectures and talks about the need for payment
processing solutions and gameplay environments that give game
developers more profits and gamers more options and experiences by
using the blockchain.
Maxim Sholom, PhD. Maxim brings more than 12 years in gaming
industry. Maxim has been the award-winning producer of games like Get
The Gun. Maxims game development projects have brought him respect
worldwide in the gaming industry. For the last two years Maxim has been
overseeing the development and design teams behind the Gamecredits
Mobile Store. As chief architect of the mobile platform, Maxim has
overseen the functional integration and intuitive design of the system.
Rob Wilson, Advisor. Rob is the founder of Bitscan and Incent and is the
the brainchild for dual blockchain tech. Rob also has extensive experience
running successful crowdsales. Robs formative career was in the military,
where he enjoyed 2 front-line commands and lectured strategy at USNWC.
Today, though his companies, Rob has developed a portfolio of high level
business relationships in which he is advising on customized solutions using blockchain technology including the use of WAVES assets.

Bok Khoo, Ethereum Dev. BEc, AIAA, Director and Consultant. Bok is an
actuary and quantitative software developer with over 28 years of industry
experience. Bok has been working with clients from bank and corporate
treasuries, investment managers, government entities, exchanges and
financial soft vendors in Australia, New Zealand, Asia, the UK and Europe.
Bok, also known as the BokkyPooBah on Ethereum.StackExchange.com,
github.com and reddit.com/r/ethereum, is now working to bring
decentralized trustless exchanges (https://cryptoderivatives.market/) and
traditional fiat financial instruments to the Ethereum trusted and
decentralized blockchain platform.

MobileGo (MGO) Crowdsale: Terms & Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions (Terms) govern the offer and sale of MobileGo cryptographic tokens
(MGO) by the MobileGo Foundation to crowdsale participants (Purchasers collectively, and Purchaser
individually).
This document describes the initial sale in which the MobileGo token (MGO) is sold. It is not a solicitation
for investment and does not pertain in any way to an offering of securities in any jurisdiction. Individuals,
businesses, and other organizations should carefully weigh the risks, costs, and benefits of acquiring MGO
early in the initial sale versus waiting to purchase MGO on open, third-party exchanges.
IMPORTANT
Ownership of MGO carries no rights express or implied. Purchases of MGO are non-refundable. Purchasers should
have no expectation of influence over governance of the GameCredits Mobile Platform. The MobileGo Token
crowdsale fund is not owned by GameCredits Inc. This fund is primary owned by the MobileGo Foundation to be
furtherly transferred to a special company incorporated in Singapore as a separate entity and solely independent
ownership structure.
By participating in the sale of MGO, you expressly acknowledge and represent that you have carefully reviewed the
Terms and fully understand the risks, costs, and benefits of purchasing MGO and agree to be bound by these Terms.
As set forth below, you further represent and warrant that, to the extent permitted by law, you are authorized to
purchase MGO in your relevant jurisdiction, are of a legal age to be bound by these Terms, and will not hold liable
for any losses or any special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected to the sale
of MGO, now or in the future, MobileGo Foundation and its affiliates and successors, and the officers, directors,
agents, joint ventures, employees and suppliers of MobileGo or its affiliates, including Datcroft Games and
GameCredits Inc.
WARNING: DO NOT PURCHASE MGO IF YOU ARE NOT AN EXPERT IN DEALING WITH
CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS AND BLOCKCHAIN-BASED SOFTWARE SYSTEMS.
Purchases of MGO should be undertaken only by individuals, entities, or companies that have significant experience
with, and understanding of, the usage and intricacies of cryptographic tokens, like bitcoin (BTC), and blockchainbased software systems. Purchasers should have functional understanding of storage and transmission mechanisms
associated with other cryptographic tokens. While the MobileGo Foundation will be available to assist Purchasers of
MGO during and after the sale, the MobileGo Foundation will not be responsible for lost BTC or MGO resulting
from actions taken by, or omitted by Purchasers. Note, in particular, that MGO Purchasers should take great care to
write down their wallet password and not lose it so as to be sure that they will be able to access their MGO when it
becomes available after the initial sale. If you do not have such experience or expertise, then you should not
purchase MGO or participate in the pre-sale of MGO.
WARNING: CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS MAY EXPERIENCE EXTREME PRICE VOLATILITY.
MobileGo tokens do not represent any formal or legally binding investment. Cryptographic tokens that possess
value in public markets, such as BTC, have demonstrated extreme fluctuations in price over short periods of time on
a regular basis. A Purchaser of MGO should be prepared to expect similar fluctuations, both down and up, in the

price of MGO denominated in BTC or United States dollars (USD) or currencies of other jurisdictions. Such
fluctuations are due to market forces and represent changes in the balance of supply and demand. MobileGo
Foundation cannot and does not guarantee market liquidity for MGO and therefore there may be periods of time in
which MGO is difficult to buy. Additionally, due to different regulatory dictates in different jurisdictions and the
inability of citizens of certain countries to open accounts at exchanges located anywhere in the world, the liquidity
of MGO may be markedly different in different countries and this would likely be reflected in significant price
discrepancies. By purchasing MGO, you expressly acknowledge and represent that you fully understand that MGO
may experience volatility in pricing and will not seek to hold any of the MobileGo Foundation Parties liable for any
losses or any special, incidental, or consequential damages arising from, or in any way connected to, the sale of
MGO.
WARNING: THE PURCHASE OF MGO ENTAILS A NUMBER OF RISKS.
The purchase of MGO carries with it a number of risks. Prior to purchasing MGO, you should carefully consider the
risks listed below and, to the extent necessary, consult an appropriate lawyer, accountant, or tax professional. If any
of the following risks are unacceptable to you, you should not purchase MGO. By purchasing MGO, and to the
extent permitted by law, you are agreeing not to hold any of the MobileGo Foundation Parties liable for any losses
or any special, incidental, or consequential damages arising from, or in any way connected, to the sale of MGO,
including losses associated with the risks set forth below.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. Overview of Initial Sale of MGO
The MobileGo Foundation will produce a quantity of MGO in a pre-sale event called the initial sale, to be conducted
on its web site at https://mobilego.io (the initial sale). The MobileGo Token crowdsale fund is not owned by
GameCredits Inc. This fund is primary owned by the MobileGo Foundation to be furtherly transferred to a special
company incorporated in Singapore as a separate entity and solely independent ownership structure.
Purchasers in the initial sale will acquire MGO in exchange for BTC, WAVES, ETH and GAME at the USD value of
each investment at the time of investment. Purchasers of MGO in the initial sale will be granted user accounts on the
aforementioned website that will enable them to claim their purchase at the end of the initial sale. All MGO pre-sold
in this manner will be created on the Waves and Ethereum networks after the end of the initial sale, although there
are no guarantees that this will occur within a given timeframe. MGO purchased with BTC, WAVES and GAME
will be created on the Waves blockchain. MGO purchased with ETH will be created on the Ethereum blockchain.
MobileGo Foundation will allocate the purchased MGO to the corresponding user account on the web site,
delivering it to their control.
2. Creation of MGO

MGO will be the first crypto token to be simultaneously issued on the Waves platform and the Ethereum platform.
100 million MGO will be created on the Waves blockchain. A further 100 million MGO will be created on the
Ethereum blockchain. Using a new technology comprised of a web interface, locked wallets and smart contracts on
the Ethereum side, MGO will be dynamically interchangeable from one blockchain to another as the end user
wishes. A total of 100 million tokens will be available, across both blockchains, at any given time. The remaining
100 million will remain locked. No further MGO will ever be created.

TIMING OF SALE
The initial sale will begin on April 25, 2017. The sale will run for 30 days.
MobileGo Foundation reserves the right to change the date when the initial sale will begin and further reserves the
right to extend the sale duration for any reason, including the unavailability of the website https://mobilego.io or
other unforeseen security or procedural issues. Though it does not currently anticipate doing so, MobileGo
Foundation also reserves the right to shorten the sale duration for any reason.
3. MGO Pricing
Based on the performance of other recent blockchain project launches MobileGo management has determined that
this initial sale shall be partitioned and sold at decreasing discount rates as the sale proceeds. Full details about these
price points will be provided in a timely manner to Purchasers in the initial sale and will be available on the website
at the time of purchase.
4. Disclosure of Purchases
To enable MGO Purchasers to have as much information as possible to guide their decision-making process,
MobileGo Foundation will disclose in real time the total funds collected in the MGO initial sale to enable the
Purchaser to develop an understanding of the size of the existing MobileGo funding pool at the time of their MGO
purchase.
5. Purchase of MGO from the mobilego.io Website
MobileGo Foundation will maintain a store interface, which can be used to purchase MGO. The store interface will
be available on the MobileGo website (https://mobilego.io). Instructions for purchasing MGO with BTC and other
cryptocurrencies using the store interface will be embedded and available for review on the MobileGo website
during the duration of the initial sale. Failure to follow these instructions may limit, delay, or prevent a Purchaser
from obtaining MGO. Any questions about these instructions should be directed to support@mobilego.io.
6. Obligation to Determine If Purchaser Can Purchase MGO in Purchasers Jurisdiction
The initial sale constitutes the offer and sale of a software product under law of Singapore. This product sale is
conducted primary by MobileGo Foundation, to be furtherly transferred to a special company operating under law
of Singapore. It is the responsibility of each potential Purchaser of MGO to determine if the Purchaser can legally
purchase MGO in the Purchasers jurisdiction.
7. Acceptance of Terms and Conditions of the MobileGo Sale

As a first step in the purchase process, MobileGo Foundation will present the Purchaser with these Terms, and
associated documents. By placing an order for MGO, the Purchaser: (i) consents and agrees to the Terms; (ii)
represents and warrants that the Purchaser is legally permitted to purchase MGO in the Purchasers jurisdiction; (iii)
represents and warrants that the Purchaser is of a sufficient age to legally purchase MGO or has received permission
from a legal guardian who has reviewed and agreed to these Terms; (iv) represents and warrants that the Purchaser
will take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with the purchase of MGO as set forth below;
and (v) represents and warrants that the Purchaser has an understanding of the usage and intricacies of cryptographic
tokens, like BTC, and blockchain-based software systems.
8. Independent Confirmation of Purchases
During the purchase process on the https://mobilego.io website, MobileGo Foundation will provide Purchasers with
a unique intermediary cryptocurrency address. Using this address, Purchasers can track and confirm that the
Purchasers cryptocurrency has been received at that address and has been subsequently and automatically sent to
the escrow address. Knowledge of the unique intermediary address does not constitute a purchase receipt or indicate
in any way that any party possessing such knowledge has rights to or ownership of the purchased MGO.
9. Receipt of MGO and the Purchase Email
As part of the purchase process, and in order to purchase MGO, a Purchaser will need to provide an email address
(the Purchase Email). The Purchase Email will be used to email the Purchaser a notice of the creation of the
Purchasers account on its website. By purchasing MGO, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the
Purchaser agrees not to hold any of the MobileGo Foundation Parties liable for any losses or any special, incidental,
or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected to, Purchasers failure to secure their account.
10. MGO Will Only Be Available For Sale on the MobileGo Website
MobileGo Foundation will only sell MGO through the MobileGo website, available at https://mobilego.io. To the
extent that any third-party website or service offers MGO for sale during the initial sale or facilitates the sale or
transfer of MGO in any way during the initial sale, such third-party websites or services are not sanctioned by
MobileGo Foundation or its affiliates and have no relationship in any way with the MobileGo Foundation Parties.
As a result, MobileGo Foundation prohibits the use of these third-party websites or services for the purchase of
MGO prior to the end of the initial sale.
11. Fraudulent Attempts to Double Spend BTC
MobileGo Foundation will monitor all potential transactions for fraudulent attempts to double spend BTC. Any
detected double spend of BTC will result in no MGO being delivered to the associated Purchaser.
12. MobileGo Foundation Will Not Purchase MGO During Initial Sale
MobileGo Foundation warrants that it will not purchase MGO in its own sale. Furthermore MobileGo Foundation
warrants that it will not purchase MGO from any third party, or acquire MGO in any manner, or acquire future
control of MGO, during the period of the initial sale.
13. Certain Risks Associated with the Purchase of MGO

The purchase of MGO carries with it significant risk. Prior to purchasing MGO, the Purchaser should carefully
consider the below risks and, to the extent necessary, consult a lawyer, accountant, and/or tax professionals prior to
determining whether to purchase MGO.
i.It is possible that the value of BTC will drop significantly in the future, depriving MobileGo Foundation of
sufficient resources to continue to operate.
ii.MGO will be stored in a wallet, which can only be accessed with a password selected by the Purchaser. If a
Purchaser of MGO does not maintain an accurate record of their password, this may lead to the loss of
MGO. As a result, Purchasers must safely store their password in one or more backup locations that are
well separated from the primary location. In order to access ones MGO the password that the Purchaser
entered is required; loss of this may lead to the loss of a Purchasers MGO.
iii.Any third party that gains access to the Purchasers Purchase Email may be able to gain access to the
Purchasers MGO. The Purchaser must take care not to respond to any inquiry regarding their purchase of
MGO, including but not limited to, email requests purportedly coming from the mobilego.io website or a
similar-looking domain.
iv.Cryptocurrencies have been the subject of regulatory scrutiny by various regulatory bodies around the globe.
The GameCredits Mobile Platform and MobileGo Foundation could be impacted by one or more regulatory
enquiries or regulatory action, which could impede or limit the ability of GameCredits Inc to continue to
develop the GameCredits Mobile Platform.
v.It is possible that the GameCredits Mobile Platform will not be used by a large number of external businesses,
individuals, and other organizations and that there will be limited public interest in the use of peer-to-peer
currencies for gaming. Such a lack of interest could impact the development of the GameCredits Mobile
Platform. MobileGo Foundation cannot predict the success of its own marketing efforts or the efforts of
other third parties. There is no guarantee of revenues or profits resulting from the marketing activities of the
MobileGo Foundation.
vi.The Purchaser recognizes that the GameCredits Mobile Platform is currently under development and may
undergo significant changes before release. The Purchaser acknowledges that any expectations regarding
the form and functionality of the GameCredits Mobile Platform held by the Purchaser may not be met upon
release of the GameCredits Mobile Platform, for any number of reasons including a change in the design
and implementation plans and execution of the implementation of the GameCredits Mobile Platform.
vii.The Purchaser understands that while the GameCredits Team will make reasonable efforts to complete the
GameCredits MobileGo Platform software, it is possible that an official completed version of the
GameCredits Mobile Platform may not be released and there may never be an operational GameCredits
Mobile Platform.
viii.Hackers or other groups or organizations may attempt to steal the BTC and cryptocurrency revenue from the
initial sale, thus potentially impacting the ability of MobileGo Foundation to promote the GameCredits
Mobile Platform. To account for this risk, MobileGo Foundation has and will continue to implement
comprehensive security precautions to safeguard the BTC and cryptocurrency obtained from the sale of
MGO. Multi-factor security measures will be taken to protect cryptocurrency and MGO including but not
limited to physical elements, multi-signature keys, splitting of funds, hot/cold wallet partitioning and
diversification. Moreover, regular security audits of hot and cold wallets will be conducted by internal and
external teams.

ix.Advances in code cracking, or technical advances such as the development of quantum computers, could
present risks to cryptocurrencies and the GameCredits Mobile Platform, which could result in the theft or
loss of MGO or GAME. To the extent possible, GameCredits Inc intends to update the protocol underlying
the GameCredits Mobile Platform to account for any advances in cryptography and to incorporate
additional security measures, but cannot it cannot predict the future of cryptography or the success of any
future security updates.
x.As with other cryptocurrencies, the gamecredits blockchain used for the GameCredits Mobile Platform is
susceptible to mining attacks, including but not limited to double-spend attacks, majority mining power
attacks, selfish-mining attacks, and race condition attacks. Any successful attacks present a risk to the
GameCredits Mobile Platform and expected proper payment operations.
xi.The loss or destruction of a private key by MobileGo Foundation used to access may be irreversible.
MobileGo Foundations loss of access to its private keys or a data loss relating to MobileGo Foundation
could adversely affect the value of GameCredits Mobile Platform.
xii.GameCredits Mobile Platform is a new product, thus contributing to price volatility that could adversely
affect the value of MGO. The factors affecting the further development of the digital assets industry, as well
as the GameCredits Mobile Platform, include:
a) continued worldwide growth in the adoption and use of MGO and other digital assets;
b) government and quasi-government regulation of MGO and other digital assets and their use, or
restrictions on or regulation of access to and operation of the GameCredits Mobile Platform or similar
digital asset systems;
c) the maintenance and development of the software of the GameCredits Mobile Platform;
d) changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences;
e)

the availability and popularity of other similar products; and

f)

general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to the GameCredits Mobile
Platform and digital assets.

xiii.Intellectual property rights claims may adversely affect the operation of the GameCredits Mobile Platform.
Third parties may assert intellectual property claims relating to the holding and transfer of digital assets and
their source code. Regardless of the merit of any intellectual property or other legal action, any threatened
action that reduces confidence in the GameCredits Mobile Platforms long-term viability or the ability of
end-users to hold and transfer GAME may adversely affect the value of MGO. Additionally, a meritorious
intellectual property claim could prevent end-users from accessing the GameCredits Mobile Platform or
holding or transferring their GAME.
xiv.Cryptocurrency exchanges on which MGO may trade may be relatively new and largely unregulated and
may therefore be more exposed to fraud and failure than established, regulated exchanges for other
products. To the extent that the cryptocurrency exchanges representing a substantial portion of the volume
in MGO trading are involved in fraud or experience security failures or other operational issues, such
cryptocurrency exchange failures may result in a reduction in the price and can adversely affect the value of
MGO. A lack of stability in the cryptocurrency exchanges and the closure or temporary shutdown of
cryptocurrency exchanges due to fraud, business failure, hackers or malware, or government-mandated
regulation may reduce confidence in the GameCredits Mobile Platform and result in greater volatility in the
price.

xv.Political or economic crises may motivate large-scale sales of MGO, which could result in a reduction in the
price and adversely affect the value of MGO. Digital assets such as MGO, which are relatively new, are
subject to supply and demand forces based upon the desirability of an alternative, decentralized means of
transacting, and it is unclear how such supply and demand will be impacted by geopolitical events. Largescale sales of MGO would result in a reduction in the price.
xvi.It is possible that a digital asset other than MGO could have features that make it more desirable to a
material portion of the digital asset user base, resulting in a reduction in demand for MGO, which could
have a negative impact on the use and price of MGO. It is possible that a comparable product could become
materially popular due to either a perceived or exposed shortcoming of the GameCredits Mobile Platform
that is not immediately addressed by the GameCredits Team, or a perceived advantage of a comparable
product that includes features not incorporated into the GameCredits Mobile Platform. If this product
obtains significant market share, it could have a negative impact on the demand for, and price of, MGO.
xvii.MGO transactions are irrevocable and stolen or incorrectly transferred MGO may be irretrievable. As a
result, any incorrectly executed MGO transactions could adversely affect the value of MGO.
Cryptocurrency transactions are not, from an administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and
active participation of the recipient of the transaction or, in theory, control or consent of a majority of the
processing power on the host blockchain platform. Once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a
block that is added to the blockchain, an incorrect transfer of MGO or a theft of MGO generally will not be
reversible and there may be no compensation for any such transfer or theft. Such loss could adversely affect
the value of MGO.
xviii.Some MGO tokens may be issued on the Ethereum blockchain. As such, any malfunction or unexpected
functioning of the Ethereum protocol may impact the Purchasers ability to transfer or securely hold MGO.
Such impact could adversely affect the value of MGO.
xix.Some MGO tokens may be issued on the Waves platform. As such, any malfunction or unexpected
functioning of the Waves platform may impact the Purchasers ability to transfer or securely hold MGO.
Such impact could adversely affect the value of MGO.
xx.It is possible that, due to any number of reasons, including without limitation the failure of business
relationships or marketing strategies, that the GameCredits Mobile Platform and all subsequent marketing
from the money raised from the same of MGO may fail to achieve success.
14. All Purchases of MGO Are Non-Refundable
ALL PURCHASES OF MGO ARE FINAL. PURCHASES OF MGO ARE NON-REFUNDABLE. BY
PURCHASING MGO, THE PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT NEITHER MOBILEGO FOUNDATION
NOR ANY OTHER OF THE MOBILEGO FOUNDATION PARTIES ARE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A
REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT THE PURCHASER WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER
COMPENSATION FOR ANY MGO THAT IS NOT USED OR REMAINS UNUSED.
15. Taxation of MGO and Taxation Related to the Initial Sale
MobileGo Foundation makes no representations concerning the tax implications of the sale of MGO or the
possession or use of MGO. The Purchaser bears the sole responsibility to determine if the purchase of MGO with
BTC or the potential appreciation or depreciation in the value of MGO over time has tax implications for the

Purchaser in the Purchasers home jurisdiction. By purchasing MGO, and to the extent permitted by law, the
Purchaser agrees not to hold any of the MobileGo Foundation Parties liable for any tax liability associated with or
arising from the purchase of MGO.
16. Privacy
Although MobileGo Foundation requires that Purchasers provide an email address, MobileGo Foundation will not
publish any identifying information related to MGO purchases, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser.
Purchasers may be contacted by email by MobileGo Foundation regarding a purchase. Such emails will be
informational only. MobileGo Foundation will not request any information from Purchasers in an email.
17. Disclaimer of Warranties
THE PURCHASER EXPRESSLY AGREES THAT THE PURCHASER IS PURCHASING MGO AT THE
PURCHASERS SOLE RISK AND THAT MGO IS PROVIDED ON AN AS IS BASIS WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE (EXCEPT ONLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW
WITH ANY LEGALLY REQUIRED WARRANTY PERIOD TO THE SHORTER OF THIRTY DAYS FROM
FIRST USE OR THE MINIMUM PERIOD REQUIRED). WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NONE OF
THE MOBILEGO FOUNDATION PARTIES WARRANT THAT THE PROCESS FOR PURCHASING MGO
WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
18. Limitations Waiver of Liability
THE PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
ANY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DISCLAIMERS OF LIABILITY CONTAINED HEREIN APPLY TO ANY AND
ALL DAMAGES OR INJURY WHATSOEVER CAUSED BY OR RELATED TO USE OF, OR INABILITY TO
USE, MGO OR THE GAMECREDITS MOBILE PLATFORM UNDER ANY CAUSE OR ACTION
WHATSOEVER OF ANY KIND IN ANY JURISDICTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ACTIONS
FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) AND
THAT NONE OF THE MOBILEGO FOUNDATION PARTIES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF
PROFITS, GOODWILL OR DATA, IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR
INABILITY TO USE, OR PURCHASE OF, OR INABILITY TO PURCHASE, MGO. THE PURCHASER
FURTHER SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT MOBILEGO FOUNDATION PARTIES ARE NOT
LIABLE FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING OTHER PURCHASERS OF MGO, AND
THAT THE RISK OF PURCHASING MGO RESTS ENTIRELY WITH THE PURCHASER. TO THE EXTENT
PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL ANY OF THE
MOBILEGO FOUNDATION PARTIES BE LIABLE TO ANY PURCHASER FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT
THE PURCHASER MAY HAVE PAID TO MOBILEGO FOUNDATION FOR THE PURCHASE OF MGO.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE
LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES. THEREFORE, SOME
OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION AND ELSEWHERE IN THE TERMS MAY NOT APPLY

TO A PURCHASER. IN PARTICULAR, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL AFFECT THE STATUTORY
RIGHTS OF ANY PURCHASER OR EXCLUDE INJURY ARISING FROM ANY WILFUL MISCONDUCT OR
FRAUD OF MOBILEGO FOUNDATION.
19. Dispute Resolution
a)

MobileGo Foundation and Purchaser (the Parties) agree to make good faith efforts to resolve any dispute,
controversy or claim arising between them relating to this pre-sale and their respective rights and
obligations hereunder arising under this Agreement (a Dispute).

b) If the Parties, or their designated representatives, are unable to resolve the Dispute within ten (10) business
days after referral of the matter to them, the Parties will submit the Dispute for resolution pursuant to
paragraph c. of this Section.
c)

Except with respect to Disputes concerning (i) the right of either Party to apply to a court of competent
jurisdiction for an interim or interlocutory injunction or other provisional remedy to preserve the status quo
or prevent irreparable harm or (ii) any Disputes that may arise in connection with a breach of a Partys
obligations of confidentiality hereunder, if any Dispute is not resolved pursuant to paragraphs a. and b.
above, the Parties will, acting reasonably, agree mutually on the forum for resolution of the Dispute by
arbitration as set out in this Section.

d) After the completion of the procedures set forth in paragraph b. and agreement by the Parties to enter into

e)

binding arbitration in accordance with paragraph c. of this Section, either Party may within thirty (30)
calendar days refer the Dispute to arbitration by serving written notice of its intention to arbitrate the
Dispute to the other Party.
The arbitration will be conducted by a single arbitrator to be mutually agreed to by the Parties within three
(3) business days following the date of the referral of the Dispute to arbitration.

20. Force Majeure
MobileGo Foundation is not liable for failure to perform solely caused by:
 unavoidable casualty,


delays in delivery of materials,



embargoes,



government orders,



acts of civil or military authorities,



acts by common carriers,



emergency conditions (including weather conditions), or



any similar unforeseen event that renders performance commercially implausible.

If an event of force majeure occurs, the party injured by the others inability to perform may elect to suspend the
Agreement, in whole or part, for the duration of the force majeure circumstances. The party experiencing the force
majeure circumstances shall cooperate with and assist the injured party in all reasonable ways to minimize the
impact of force majeure on the injured party.
21. Complete Agreement

These Terms set forth the entire understanding between each Purchaser and MobileGo Foundation with respect to
the purchase and sale of MGO. For facts relating to the sale and purchase, the Purchaser agrees to rely only on this
document in determining purchase decisions and understands that this document governs the sale of MGO and
supersedes any public statements about the initial sale made by third parties or by MobileGo Foundation or
individuals associated with any MobileGo Foundation parties, past and present and during the initial sale. There are
no warranties, representations, covenants, or agreements, express or implied, between the parties except those
expressly set forth in this Agreement. This Agreement may only be amended by a written document duly executed
by the parties.
22. Severability
The Purchaser and MobileGo Foundation agree that if any portion of these Terms is found illegal or unenforceable,
in whole or in part, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective solely to the extent of such
determination of invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other
manner or jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining provisions of the Terms, which shall continue to be in full
force and effect.
23. No Waiver
The failure of MobileGo Foundation to require or enforce strict performance by the Purchaser of any provision of
these Terms or MobileGo Foundations failure to exercise any right under these agreements shall not be construed as
a waiver or relinquishment of MobileGo Foundations right to assert or rely upon any such provision or right in that
or any other instance. The express waiver by MobileGo Foundation of any provision, condition, or requirement of
these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with such provision, condition or
requirement. Except as expressly and specifically set forth in this these Terms, no representations, statements,
consents, waivers, or other acts or omissions by MobileGo Foundation shall be deemed a modification of these
Terms nor be legally binding, unless documented in physical writing, hand signed by the Purchaser and a duly
appointed officer, employee, successor or agent of MobileGo Foundation.
24. Updates to the Terms and Conditions of the MGO Initial Sale
MobileGo Foundation reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of the
Terms at any time during the sale by posting the amended Terms on the MobileGo website (https://mobilego.io). Any
Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted such changes by purchasing MGO. The Terms may not be otherwise
amended except in a signed writing executed by both the Purchaser and MobileGo Foundation. For purposes of this
agreement, writing does not include an e-mail message and a signature does not include an electronic signature. If
at any point you do not agree to any portion of the then-current version of the Terms, you should not purchase MGO.
25. Cooperation with Legal Authorities
MobileGo Foundation will cooperate with all law enforcement enquiries, subpoenas, or requests provided they are
fully supported and documented by the law in the relevant jurisdictions. MobileGo Foundation will endeavour to
publish any legal enquiries upon receipt.
26. Further Information

For further information regarding the MGO sale, please contact support@mobilego.io.

Table of Contents
1.0
2.0
3.0
4.0

Abstract
Manifesto
Problem Overview
Product Overview
4.1 BitcoinRush.io
4.2 Peerbet.org
4.3 Bit777.com
5.0 ICO Overview
6.0 Exchanges
7.0 Benefits
8.0 Economics: Monster Byte B2C Revenue Model
5.1 Sportsbook
5.2 Casino Edge
5.3 Peerbet
9.0 Economics: Monster Byte B2B Revenue Model
10.0 Competitive Analysis
12.0 Marketing Plan
12.0 Developmental Roadmap
13.0 ICO Fund Allocation
14.0 Conclusion

1.0 Abstract
Monster Byte Inc. is a technology company which owns a suite of long-standing and
profitable Cryptocurrency Gambling websites, all of which have been custom-built
with proprietary technology owned by Monster Byte Inc.
Our company is seeking expansion and revenue growth by increased marketing and
product development while also entering into wholesale B2B operations via
white-labeling all existing software for resale and licensing purposes.
Since its inception, Monster Byte Inc. has been on a mission to become the worlds
premier destination for cryptocurrency gamblers to not only wager on sports, but
also bet on casino games like Blackjack, Roulette, and Baccarat. We have a distinct
advantage over our competitors as we can cater towards both the sports betting
and casino game demographic. Further, our B2C portals are all well-established and
have a great reputation within the bitcoin gaming community.

2.0 Manifesto
Our mission is to leverage the powerful nature of cryptocurrencies (such as Bitcoin)
as the perfect medium for a fast, safe, and fun gaming chip which is rapidly gaining
mainstream acceptance within the online gambling community. We aim for
complete customer satisfaction by offering a fair, safe, and superior customer
experience.

3.0 Problem Overview
Various problems affect traditional online gaming sites, affecting both operators and
players, Monster Byte is well positioned to address these needs in the industry.
Issues affecting operators: The principal issue affecting online gaming operators is
fraud. Whether its a credit card scammer attempting to play with others money, or
a player attempting a chargeback after losing their deposit, traditional fiat gaming
sites leave room for fraudulent activity by its users. Additionally, most banks and
internet financial institutions (such as PayPal) are weary of supporting gaming
websites.

Monster Bytes solution: Through the use of cryptocurrencies, the risk of
chargebacks is completely eliminated. Cryptocurrencies also eliminate the need of
using third party financial partners to handle transfers of funds.
1

Issues affecting players: The issues affecting players are more diverse than those
affecting the operator. They include the following:


Speed of deposits and withdrawals: Players at traditional fiat gaming
websites need to wait for their bank wire (if they are not using a credit card)
to get to the sites in-game wallet before being able to play. Regardless of
their deposit method, the player must wait several days to receive their
withdrawal if they decide to stop playing and cash-out.



High House Edge and Stacked Decks: While online gaming websites have
much lower house edges relative to that of physical casinos, the return to the
player is still low considering online establishments do not have nearly the
overhead that physical casinos have. Most online games have a house edge
around ~5%. On top of that, it is nearly impossible for players to tell if they
were cheated or simply had terrible luck after an unlikely loss.



Lack of privacy: If a player does not want their spouse to know they are
wagering, it is difficult to remain discreet when their credit/bank statements
would show that they made a deposit, or received a payment from a gaming
site.

Monster Bytes solution: Monster Byte is prepared to meet player needs where its
fiat counterparts have failed.


Cryptocurrency deposits are nearly instant, and withdrawals are handled
immediately.



Monster Byte offers games with as low as a 0% house edge, as well as a dice
game with a flat 1% house edge. Players get a lot more bang for buck.
Further, all games built by Monster Byte are built with using the Provably Fair
paradigm.
 At a high level, Provably Fair Shuffling is a technique that Monster Byte
leverages which allows the user to reshuffle the deck before it is dealt.
The system first shuffles the deck once, and then presents the user
with a hash of the the shuffled deck before any wagers are made.
Then, whenever the user places a wager, he can optionally provide a
client_seed. The system then uses the client_seed provided to
reshuffle the deck in a deterministic way. At the end of the wager the
software reveals the initial shuffle, which allows the user to verify that
the system presented them with a valid hash, and also reshuffled the
deck in the correct way. Since there is no way of the system to know
2

the value of the client_seed until the moment the hand was dealt,
there is no way to manipulate the outcome of the shuffle of the deck.

Example of Provably Fair Verification



Finally, the ability to play without having to show forms of identification, and
not having your record of deposits/withdrawals appearing on a monthly
statement ensure that players privacy is respected.

4.0 Product Overview
4.1 BitcoinRush.io

3

Founded in 2013, BitcoinRush.io (formerly known as CasinoBitco.in) was the first
Bitcoin Sportsbook to offer Provably Fair Bitcoin Casino Games, starting with
Blackjack. Overtime, based on player feedback and demand, we have been able to
expand and enhance these offerings. No download is required, and all games are
available for free across all browser types and mobile devices. BitcoinRush.io is a
credible and established leader in the Bitcoin Gambling space.
Generally speaking there are three main sets of products on BitcoinRush.io, the
Sportsbook, Casino, and Peer to Peer Games.
Sportsbook
 Since 2013, we have handled almost 17,000 bitcoin worth of wagers
(~$45MM US at time of authoring) within the sportsbook.
 BitcoinRush.io supports over 24 different wagering markets, from US Football
all the way down to exotics like Auto Racing.
 Spreads, Moneylines, Totals, Parlays, Halftime, and Asian Markets offered.
 Competitive leaderboard system based on volume of bettors.

Provably Fair Casino
 Since inception, users have wagered 18,000 bitcoin (~$50MM US at time of
authoring) in our casino.
 BitcoinRush.io utilizes a Provably Fair system with its Casino games.
 Games Provided
 Blackjack
 Roulette
 Hi-Lo
4




Baccarat
Video Poker

Peer to Peer Games
 Bitcoin Rush is a Peer to peer multiplayer game which offers a new refreshing
way to bet BTC, all head to head.
 Super Bowl and March Madness Squares Contests
4.2 Peerbet

4.5.1 Dice
Bitcoin dice games are definitely the most well-known Bitcoin powered
casino game accessible online. Bitcoin dice allows players to enter the
game with provable odds on their rolls, decide their own risk, all while
the house takes just a 1% edge, the lowest of any gambling game
online.
4.5.2 Wheel
The Betting Wheel on PeerBet offers a new way of gambling but
without the usual house edge. On this wheel based game users will
find the wheel is divided up into different segments, and the aim of the
game is to predict which segment of the wheel is going to spin in
opposite the winning pointer. Users can choose to place a bet on any
of the segments or by the laying of those bets, and when doing the
latter then if the player loses you will win their stake amount, however
if that player correctly predicts the segment of the wheel that is spun
in and wins then you need to pay them out their winnings.
4.5.3 Raffles
5

The Raffles on PeerBet are another game where there is no house
edge involved and as such everyone taking part in it has a fair and
more importantly equal chance of winning when playing it, just like a
lottery. Once all of the tickets for your Raffle have been sold then the
draw will take place, and the winners will then be announced and they
will instantly be paid their winnings.
4.3 Bit777

Bit777 was one of the first Bitcoin casinos, founded in 2012, to offer a full-suite of
interactive games to the gaming community. The games available on the site,
which are flash-based, were developed by UltraPlay, one of the largest online
gaming software companies. Over its 5-year life, Bit777 has handled over 100,000
Bitcoin in wagers. Monster Byte acquired Bit777, and the software which powers
Bit777, in early 2014 from UltraPlay.
While not Provably Fair, Bit777 utilizes the Mersenne Twister randomizing
technology and its games have been RNG tested. Bit777 offers users a plethora of
games that are not available on Monster Bytes provably fair casino, Bitcoinrush.io.
Bit777 also runs a mystery jackpot, so that users have a chance of winning even
when they lose their wager.
Bit777 currently offers the following games:
 Roulette (6 variations)
 8 Wheel Roulette
 3 Wheel Roulette
6



















 American Roulette
 European Roulette
 French Roulette
 La Boule
Blackjack (8 variations)
 Blackjack SH
 Blackjack MH
 Blackjack Switch
 Blackjack Surrender
 Blackjack Exposure
 Blackjack Snapjax
 Blackjack Pontoon
Video Poker (4 variations)
 Jacks or Better
 Jokers Export
 Deuces Wild
 All American
Slots (4 variations)
 Blazin 7s
 Royal Bars
 The Pawn Machine
 Hot Fruits
Sic Bo
Red Dog
Let Em Ride
Baccarat
Casino War
Tri-Card Poker
Trey Poker
3 Card Brag
Caribbean Stud
Stud Poker
Texas Hold Em (as well as Texas Hold Em Bonus)

5.0 ICO Overview
The ICO presale will begin on July 3rd 2017 at 16:00 UTC, and extend until July 8th
16:00 UTC or whenever the presale is sold out, whichever occurs first. During the
7

pre-sale, 2,500,000 Monster Byte tokens will be sold at $0.08 USD, a 31.5%
discount over the general sale.
The general sale will open at July 8th at 16:00, 7,500,000 Monster Byte tokens will
then be sold at $0.11 USD.
All tokens will be sold exclusively on the Monster Byte ICO portal,
https://www.monsterbyte.io. Users can purchase tokens with Bitcoin, Waves,
Litecoin, Dash, Ethereum, and Shapeshift.
In total, we anticipate raising $1,025,000 USD which will give Monster Byte a $4.4M
post-money valuation*. We chose not to have an open cap as savvy investors
should know exactly what they are buying into, with a well-defined capitalization
model.
*If there is an extremely high demand, Monster Byte reserves the right to issue a third ICO
wave in which principals will offer their tokens up for sale to the general public at a price
TBD. If this were to occur, we would provide 5 days notices via various mediums.

6.0. Exchanges
The Monster Byte token is a Waves platform based token. We anticipate that the
majority of Monster Byte trading will occur in the Waves Decentralized Exchange
(DEX). However, in an effort to increase liquidity and exposure of Monster Byte to a
broader population, we will also endeavour to include Monster Byte tokens in some
classic exchanges.
As such, our efforts will be concentrated in listing Monster Byte on (in order of
priority):
Must:
1. DEX
2. Tidex
Should:
3. Bittrex
4. Other exchanges may be added if a good opportunity is presented.
We will also submit Monster Byte in Coinmarketcap which as solid way to
ensure that we expose Monster Byte to the wider population.
7.0 Benefits

8

Monster Byte Token holders will benefit from us listing this token on the Waves
Platform due to the ability to easily trade tokens against other assets and
cryptocurrencies all within the DEX, a very liquid decentralized exchange in the
Waves LiteApp Wallet.
On a quarterly basis, all Monster Byte token holders are entitled to their share of
our collective profit (revenue - expenses). Dividends will be paid in bitcoin, and
detailed quarterly reports will be published to provide full transparency on our
operations. An example of a recent report is located here: Q1 2017 Report
8.0 Economics: Monster Byte B2C Revenue Model
Since we are not a startup, and have very valuable and practical experience in this
space, we have the ability to share our Historic, and Projected, P&L:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14hV9RUtrdPeDusRDwdjyFzwmMep3tVOE
daVuOSd4J3M/edit?usp=sharing
5.1 Sportsbook
The sportsbook as a whole has been a very good lesson learned, we
were handling risk at first, then offset with a third party (who went
bankrupt and left us holding the bad) then we handled the risk
ourselves again a bit more intelligently.
Without going into some our intellectual property, we now have a new
model that allows us to earn anywhere from 2%-4% on all bets
placed, regardless of the user wins or loses.
5.2 Casino Edge
Its true, the house always wins. In the casino, we hold anywhere from
1-7% edge based on the game being played in both BitcoinRush.io and
Bit777.com.

5.3 Peerbet
In Dice, the house retains a 1% edge; and just like other dice sites;
however, this bankroll is still all crowdfunded; so we make a small
commission of the profits (and losses) the investor endures on
PeerBet. In addition, we also charge smaller altcoins a commission
(paid in btc) to list their coin on PeerBet, a recent example of this is
PepeCoin.

9

9.0 Economics: Monster Byte B2B Revenue Model
Syndication of our products and intellectual property is a new venture for Monster
Byte, and something we aim to have off the ground in late 2017. Most pricing
models that other gaming providers support is a monthly license fee, in addition to
a share of the operators revenue.
We strive to achieve an extremely similar model; however, will likely offer
significant discounts and potential premiums to first-time tenants or operators of
our software to not only test the software, but also the support model necessary to
support such a line of business.

10.0 Competitive Analysis
Cryptocurrency Gaming has a rather complex barrier of entry due to the highly
technical nature of handling cryptocurrencies safely, as well as catering to the
needs of cryptocurrency players (e.g. Provably Fair Gaming); however, online
gambling as a whole is an extremely competitive marketplace. In order to be
successful, we need to be able to differentiate ourselves from the competition by
offering more gambling options, a rich and interactive experience, all while
providing the best rewards to keep players coming back.
Most of our competitors are leveraging the same off-the-shelf solutions provided
by European gaming providers. While this software is tangibly best in class, our
competitors run into consistent challenges being able to differentiate themselves.
Due to the fact that we own all our intellectual software, and can modify it at will,
we believe we properly compete with all the competitors below.
Main competitors
-

-

Bitcasino.io
- Launched January 2014
- Games offered: Baccarat, Blackjack, Casual Games, Hd Slots, Jackpot
Games, Live Games, Lottery, Roulette, Slots, Table Games, Video
Poker
- Disadvantage: Not Provably Fair, Software is in the control of BetSoft.
Betcoin.ag
- Launched February 2014
- Games offered: Blackjack, Card Games, Dice, Hd Slots, Live Games,
Roulette
- Disadvantage: Not Provably Fair, Software is in the control of BetSoft.
10

-

-

-

-

Bitstarz.com
- Launched June 2014
- Games offered Dice, Hd Slots, Jackpot Games, Live Games, Slots,
Table Games
- Accepts BTC as well as fiat currency
- Disadvantage: Not Provably Fair, does not own its software
FortuneJack.com
- Launched September 2014
- Games offered Bingo, Blackjack, Dice, Hd Slots, Keno, Live Games,
Slots
- Accepts BTC, Ethereum, and fiat currency
- Disadvantage: Not Provably Fair, Poor community presence, deemed
untrustworthy by most
CloudBet.com
- Launched November 2013
- Has a wide-ranging sportsbook
- Casino games offered: Baccarat, Blackjack, Craps, Hd Slots, Roulette,
Slots
- Disadvantage: Not Provably Fair
Nitrogensports.eu
- Launched February 2013
- Sportsbook offering 30+ sporting options to bet on, easily the leader in
the Bitcoin Sportsbook space
- Contains a Poker game which offers Cash Games, Sit & Gos, and
Tournaments.
- Has a casino which offers the following games: Blackjack, Poker, Dice
- Disadvantage: While having a superior sportsbook, NitrogenSports.eu
has a very limited Casino Offering

11.0 Marketing Plan
By virtue of already being established and reputable for years, we will focus a fair
amount of our attention on acquiring new customers via aggressive giveaways and
play based promotions across our portals. This effort includes hiring staff that will
serve as community managers helping promote our various brands in social media
and forums.
Historically, weve also found our biggest ROI when it comes to marketing has
always been improvement with our SEO rankings. So In parallel with the
promotions above, we will outsource our organic and paid search efforts to a
professional firm that has proven experience in the online gambling marketplace.
11

12.0 Developmental Roadmap
While we do have very well-established gaming portals, with active users, there is a
clear need to update the user experience across the board, as well as better market
our collective brand.
Immediately following the ICO, our near-term development and marketing
initiatives are as follows:
1. July 2017: Hire additional marketing staff, including community managers
for both BitcoinRush.io and PeerBet.org to entice more play, and
camaraderie, within the community. Amazingly in the past four years we
have not had any dedicated marketing staff, or community presence. With
more active community presence we believe we will convert, or win back
many users that havent been to our consumer sites in years based on the
many advantages our sites have (automated comps based on volume of play
not wins or losses, strong affiliate brand, etc).
2. August 2017: Launch the Updated BitcoinRush.io Sportsbook, this includes
a complete overhaul of the UX (designed in a responsive manner for mobile
users), also includes the new risk-management platform, which allows
Monster Byte to retain 2%-4% of every bet placed regardless if the players
wins or loses.

3. August 2017: PeerBet.org, one of the oldest dice sites around, will be
relaunched with a far more modern look and feel; built with a responsive
design for mobile and tablet play.

12

4. September 2017: We will natively add additional coin support on
BitcoinRush.io. Just ahead of the US NFL season, we will begin accepting
other cryptocurrency coins, including Waves, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, and
others. This broadens our reach of players by substantially lowering the
barrier of entry, and cost for customers around the world to place wagers in
both the Casino and Sportsbook
5. November 2017: B2B APIs. Casino and Sportsbook APIs will be available
for consumption by third party operators that want the benefit of our no-risk
sportsbook, and provably fair casino platform. Monster Byte will charge a
yearly platform licensing fee, as well as partake in a share of the operator's
revenue.
6. January 2018: As part of a broader global strategy, we will launch
additional language support on all consumer sites we own and operate.
Starting with Mandarin Chinese, we anticipate a large lift with Asian gamblers
that are entering the cryptocurrency marketplace in force, and also have
always historically embraced gambling.

13.0 ICO Token Allocation
The following is the exact breakdown of Monster Byte tokens. In total there are
40,000,000 Monster Byte tokens. We will not issue any beyond that amount. If the
ICO were to sell out completely, it would give Monster Byte a run rate of 12
months, so Principals, Owners, and New Hires would not execute any tokens on the
open market. However, If there is a need for additional capital beyond the 12

13

month period, Principals / Owners will sell tokens OTC, or in a controlled and
responsible way as to avoid impact of the price of Monster Byte Inc.
# of tokens
Principals / Owners / New Hires

51.10%

20,588,428

Havelock Unit Holders

20.15%

8,061,572

Waves Sale

25.00%

10,000,000

Bounties

1.50%

600,000

Advisors

1.88%

750,000

14.0 Conclusion
We stand firm that the Monster Byte ICO is an extremely unique and exciting
opportunity you will not find in the plethora of ICOs launching daily. This is
primarily due to:




Our proven track record, as weve been operating in the cryptocurrency
gaming space since 2013.
This is not an idea or startup, we are post-revenue, all our products are
launched and have active usage.
Our team has collective over 40 years experience in the internet technology
and gaming sector. We are confident we can execute on the roadmap weve
set for ourselves.

This is your chance to invest in one of the fastest growing industries. Sports betting
and online gambling is one of the best use cases for cryptocurrencies. Currently,
online gambling as a whole is a $46 Billion/year market. Depending on estimates, it
is expected to be approximately $50 Billion/year by 2019. At the same time, due
the benefits of both the player and operator, cryptocurrency gambling is going to
eat into this market gradually year over year.
Please visit our website and sign up for our newsletter to get the latest updates on
the ICO and presale.
Web: https://www.monsterbyte.io/ico
Slack:https://join.slack.com/monsterbyte/shared_invite/MjAyMzg4Njk4OTMzLTE0O
TgxNjk2MDQtOTgyMjRmYzI0Mg
Bitcointalk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1980482

14

Press Release

Mycelium Wallet
Crowdsale
Dear fellows!
Bitcoiners, blockchain enthusiasts, crypto anarchists, libertarians,
scientists, coders, big thinkers, journalists, and even bankers, payment
processing guys, regulators and politicians!
El momento de la verdad has come.
We have decided to distribute  % of Mycelium Wallet (whose name will
change to Mycelium by the end of this year with the release of a radical
upgrade) among its users and bitcoin / cryptocurrency / blockchain
technology developers and supporters.
We want Mycelium users to be Mycelium stakeholders.
There are three reasons for this.
We need money to support the current version and update it from time to
time with the new features.
We need a lot more money to develop the new Mycelium and we have
already started working on it about six months ago you will find the
brief description of the new Mycelium here: wallet.mycelium.com; we
plan to roll it out this fall.
We think that it is much better when the stakeholders are the users,
partners and customers of the product. You know how good Mycelium
Wallet is, we know how much you trust us, and you can be sure the new
Mycelium will blow you away!



We want you to decide how valuable Mycelium is by participating in the
first in history Mycelium Wallet Crowdsale.
Our team has been working untiringly to make Mycelium into a very
functional, reliable product, serving the needs of both beginners and
professional bitcoiners; now we are ready to bring Mycelium to the next
level.
Many of you have been our users from the very beginning and you are the
most loyal and valuable users, forgiving us the geeky , the nerdy  and
the missing iOS version (though we had it for a while).
New Mycelium will inherit all of the bitcoin functionality that the
Mycelium Wallet has now and will get a lot more; it is being designed for
both Android and iOS from the very beginning; but what is more
important, it will be much closer to non-bitcoin (blockchain) users utilizing
blockchains (!) for managing fiat and will have tons of features making
routine economic / financial experience of the user simpler and easier.
We think we have found the best solution to be legally compliant, but legal
does not always mean right, or true, or secure, or honest. Personally, I would
not even bother with trying to get all the papers and legal documents for
this, instead just trusting the blockchain records for this much more and
waiting for the first precedent protecting the rights written in the
blockchain. A public promise to make something is still considered an
obligation to do so, and this is exactly what I am doing here. Just to assure
you that this crowdsale is legally sound, we have gone through all the
necessary internal legal procedures to make this happen.
Until recently the problem we all could not solve was how to simply and
securely issue the asset, register the rights for it, and easily transfer those
rights to someone else. Now we have the instruments for that and you are
smart enough to understand and use it. We are using Colu.co protocol for
this crowdsale; next time we will be using Waves or Ethereum. Or maybe
something else. The beauty of blockchain is saving the world, literally. And
we are happy to be able to take part in it and see you joining us!
Sincerely,
Alexander Kuzmin
Mycelium, 


+
White Paper
July 2017

Social is a cryptocurrency that will be
used within Nexus, a secure and private
decentralized social network with integrated
marketplace and ad platform

CONTENT
Abstract
What are Socials?
What is Nexus?
Market
Functionality
Multi-Wallet
Debit Card
Marketplace
Tor & VPN Integration
Crowdfunding
Decentralization
Friends & Followers
Image Editor
Instant Messaging
Mobile Applications
Privacy
Account Types
Additional Features

Technical Information
Instant Access Debit Card
Blockchains
VPN
Tor
Multi-Wallet
Ad Platform

Pre-ICO
Pre-ICO Details
Pre-ICO Funds

2

3
4
4
5
6
6
7
7
8
8
8
8
8
9
9
9
9
10
11
11
11
12
12
12
12
12
12
12

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

Main ICO
ICO Details
Coin Distribution
Unsold Coins
Minimum Goal
Funds Allocation
Bonus Rates

Why Contribute
Ad Platform
On-Selling

Contributing Rules
Exchanges
Roadmap and Development Plan
Q4 2017
Q1 2018
Q2 2018
Q3 2018
Q4 2018
Beyond

Smart Contract
Company Information
Australian Registration
Trademark

Team
Advisors
Contact & Support

12
12
13
13
13
13
14
15
16
16
16
16
17
17
17
17
17
17
17
18
18
18
18
19
20
21

ABSTRACT
Almost 2.5 billion people on Earth use some form of social
networking. Account data is harvested, and accessed by large
corporations every day.
Nexus is a new generation of social network. All data and
uploads will exist on the blockchain instead of centralized
servers. Nexus is a feature rich platform that allows you to
communicate with friends and family in multiple different and
unique ways, while providing state-of-the-art security and
privacy.
By decentralizing and encrypting all data and uploads,
Nexus hopes to eliminate all invasion of privacy that
large corporations are currently performing. End-to-end
message encryption ensures only you and the person youre
communicating with can read what is sent, and nobody in
between, not even Nexus. Imagine a full decentralized social
network where all data and multimedia is stored on the
blockchain instead of centralized servers.
The network will contain its very own native cryptocurrency
to be used for all purchases, called Social. SCL can be used to
buy goods and services from other users, purchase ad spaces
from the integrated ad platform, donate to crowd funding
campaigns, and much more.
Nexus will create a gateway between Social coins and the real
world by offering an instant access debit card that can be used
almost anywhere on Earth.
Be a part of history by participating in the Initial Coin Offering.
By getting in early, youll have the chance to be the first in
the world to hold Social coins. As more users join Nexus, the
demand for Social will increase, while the total amount of
coins will never exceed 50 million.
Nexus is giving the power back to the people.

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

3

WHAT ARE
SOCIALS?
Social aims to be the native
cryptocurrency coin/token
for Nexus. Social coins will be
used throughout the Nexus
marketplace and to buy and
sell goods and services.

WHAT IS
NEXUS?
Nexus is a social network
built on modern technologies
that also integrates popular
features of e-commerce and
crowdfunding. The network
primarily concentrates on
privacy, control of settings,
security and listening to the
voice of the community.
Nexus is a platform that is
already available to the public
to sign up and use on iOS,
Android and the web.
Web: https://nexus.social,
iOS: https://bit.ly/nexus-ios-app,
Android: https://bit.ly/nexus-android-app

4

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

Socials will also be used
within the integrated Nexus
ad platform. Impressions and
clicks will be exchanged for
Socials. These ads will be
displayed within the users
news feed. The Nexus ad
platform will aim to be a far
more affordable advertising
method than other networks.

MARKET
Nexus will target two major markets: social and e-commerce. Both markets are multibillion-dollar
industries that are currently controlled by large corporations.
Nexus, along with its Social coins, hopes to create a decentralized social network paired with an
online marketplace and much more.
Market Statistics
Social media advertising spend is projected to reach nearly $36 billion globally in 2017, with the
U.S. and Canada spending the most and eclipsing $12.5 billion in 2016.
E-commerce sales is expected to grow almost 12% in the next few years. Global retail ecommerce
sales will reach $1.915 trillion in 2016, accounting for 8.7% of total retail spending worldwide. 71%
of shoppers believe they will get a better deal online than in stores.
Number of social media users worldwide
from 2010 to 2021 (in billions)

Number of digital buyers worldwide from
2014 to 2021 (in billions)

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

5

FUNCTIONALITY
Multi-Wallet
Nexus account wallets will be able to hold and store any
Ethereum ERC20 standard token.
ShapeShift.io integration will allow users to convert between
tokens seamlessly straight from their Nexus account.
Functionality will include converting Socials between
ShapeShift supported ERC20 standard tokens or buying Socials
directly with other ERC20 tokens. The Nexus account wallet is
planned for launch early 2018.

6

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

Marketplace

Debit Card

Nexus is a social platform
that incorporates e-commerce
functions. In simple terms,
you can create a product
post that represents a
good or service. Friends and
followers can see this and
then purchase it directly with
their Socials.

The Nexus debit card will
connect directly to the users
account wallet.

For example, if you wanted to
sell your old laptop. You would
simply take a few pictures of
it, attach a title, description,
optional location and your
price in Socials. Depending on
whether you set your product
post as public or private,
other users around the world
will be able to search for it via
keywords and/or location.

The debit card will allow users
to spend their Social coins as
fiat currency anywhere in the
world. Fees will be minimal
and as the card uses Visa
infrastructure you can use it
almost anywhere in the world.
Seamless Apple Pay and
Android Pay integrations will
follow shortly after.
The instant access debit card
will cost approximately $10 in
SCL to order the physical card,
and approximately $2 in SCL
to generate a virtual card for
Apply Pay or Android Pay.

If a user decides to purchase
your good or service, they can
simply click the Purchase
button attached to the post,
and Socials are automatically
transferred from their Nexus
account wallet, directly to
yours. Simple as that!
The marketplace is already
a working demo that exists
within both the mobile
applications and the web
platform. The automatic
purchasing functionality
will be developed after
the integration of the user
account web wallet in Q2 2018

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

7

Tor & VPN
Integration
By integrating the Tor API to
our mobile applications, we
hope to keep Nexus a secure
and private social network.
Tor functionality will be opt-in
and only used by the account
if requested.
We also have plans to use
a built-in VPN within both
mobile apps that can be
paired with Tor to offer
extreme browsing privacy
while using Nexus.

Crowdfunding
The Nexus platform also
incorporates crowdfunding
posts and functionality, called
Funds. Any user has the
ability to create a fund post
for a specific cause alongside
an image, description, and
goal. Other users on Nexus
can then donate Socials to the
fund post and have their name
displayed as a donator to that
post.
The fund posts are currently
operational within Nexus. The
donation functionality is not
yet automated as it is waiting
on the integration of Social
coins to the Nexus platform.
Fund posts will be operational
at the same time as product
posts.

Decentralization
Nexus plans to go completely
decentralized by utilizing
already existing blockchain
applications. All data and
multimedia uploads will be
stored on the blockchain by
the end of 2018, as stated in
our roadmap.

Friends & Followers
Nexus has developed a unique
way to develop connections
within the network. Any user
can follow any other user,
although if the required user
has approvals turned on,
the follow request will not be
initiated until it is approved.
If user A follows user B, and
then user B follows user A
back, this then becomes a
friendship. Friendships are
more powerful connections on
Nexus and they allow for more
functionality such as instant
messaging, faster searching,
tagging and much more.

Image Editor
Nexus incorporates an
advanced image editor that
is available both online
and through our mobile
applications.
Our editor allows for all
kinds of adjustments such as
cropping, rotating, zooming,
panning, flipping and even
adding photo filters.
Each of our photo filters was
handpicked and designed to
ensure a variety of different
styles to match your personal
preference.

8

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

Instant Messaging
Messaging is a feature that
almost every social platform
incorporates these days.
Nexus wants to take it one
step further and offer mini
features within the instant
messaging functionality.
While chatting with a friend
youll also have the ability
to send Socials instantly to
them, request Socials, send
multimedia attachments
(images, GIFs, videos), emojis
and much more. We also
plan on allowing the sending
and receiving of other ERC20
standard tokens through
instant messages.
Instant messages are the
most used feature within a
social networking platform, so
Nexus hopes to make it more
enjoyable and sociable for its
users.
Nexus hopes to integrate endto-end message encryption.
This ensures only you and the
person youre communicating
with can read what is sent,
and nobody in between, not
even Nexus.

Mobile Applications
Nexus is available for
download on both the iOS App
Store and Google Play Store.
All features available on the
web platform are also within
both mobile applications.

The mobile apps have the
ability to store your username
and password securely in the
devices encrypted storage for
easy and painless logins. Both
apps vary in download size
depending on the device, but
on average are less than 10MB
to install

Privacy
We ensure that users have full
control over both their data
and accounts privacy. This is
why we have created two very
basic privacy settings within
your account.
Visibility: Whether or not
you would like your profile
displayed publically.
Approval: Whether you would
like to approve each user as
they request to follow you.

Account Types
Nexus has created an account
type for both personal users
and businesses. Upon signing
up, users are prompted to
select an account type that
best suits them.
Business accounts consist of
slightly different settings,
while personal accounts are
best aimed for the average
every day user.
Users can switch between
account types at any time
simply from their account
settings page.

Both versions are compatible
with push notifications so that
you receive updates directly
to your phone in real time.

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

9

Additional Features
If you want to know all the
ins and outs of Nexus, we
recommend creating an
account. The platform has
much more to offer such as
events, groups, filtering, GIF
libraries, custom emojis, user
tagging, hash tagging, and
much more.

10

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

TECHNICAL INFORMATION
Instant Access Debit Card
We will use a technique called JITF (Just in Time Funding). Heres a breakdown on how an entire
transaction will work using the Nexus debit card:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.

User is issued a physical or virtual Nexus debit card that is linked to their account wallet
Card contains $0 at all times
User swipes card to pay for a purchase
Transaction is sent to our server
Server checks which fiat currency is requested (USD, AUD, EUR)
Nexus checks if user account wallet contains enough Social (SCL) to make the purchase
SCL is then sold for requested fiat
Fiat is moved to the debit card
Transaction is approved
Card balance is back to $0

The debit card will be built on Visa infastructure and will integrated with a Nexus back end API
for all transactions.

Blockchains
The Nexus platform will utilize multiple existing blockchains for SCL transfers, data storage and
multimedia uploads.
TRANSFERS
As SCL is an ERC20 based Ethereum token, it is only logical that Ethereum will be used for all
transactions within the marketplace, ad platform, crowdfunding, token swapping, and all other
related currency transfer features.
All marketplace purchases will be first sent through a master account controlled by Nexus, the
3% fee taken, and then rest forwarded to the sellers address. Both TX fees will be absorbed by
Nexus, not the seller.
MULTIMEDIA UPLOADS
As of current, the team plans on utilizing Storj for all multimedia uploads and storage. Storj
now allows for video and audio streaming over the blockchain which will be very beneficial to
a social network like Nexus. This decision may change before implementation as development
for decentralized storage is not planned until mid 2018 and new blockchain based multimedia
storage applications are being released often.
DATA STORAGE
Database storage will rely on BigchainDB. After investigating multiple blockchain based data
storage option, we found that BigchainDB had the best technology, fastest blockchain write
speeds and seamless integrations. As stated above, the decision of this may change before
implementation if a better decentralized database solution arises.

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

11

VPN
The built in VPN will be opt-in only and available within the iOS and Android applications only,
not the web version of Nexus. The functionality will be an integrated client and will rely on
the open source OpenVPN. The decision of which open source application to utilize may change
before implementation.

Tor
Tor offers multiple different integration solutions such as their open source packages (Orbit),
router API, Tor Browser, and much more. We plan on implementing features from Tor slowing to
make sure that they benefit our users instead of disturbing them. We will first offer a beta for a
Tor Browser integrated client to see how that goes with the community.

Multi-Wallet
Each user on Nexus will be assigned a multi-wallet that supports all ERC20 based tokens. The
wallet will rely on Ethereums open source Web3 project for transfers and signing transactions.
Users will not have the ability to export their private key. This is a feature that we may allow in
the near future.

Ad Platform
The Nexus ad platform will be semi-automatic and self-serve. Any user with a Nexus account and
SCL balance above 0 can create and submit an ad campaign through the platform.
All submited campaigns will be manually approved by Nexus support staff before going live on
the network to ensure quality and compliance. All costs will be in SCL, and will be based on CPC
(cost per click) and CPI (cost per impression).
The ad platform will show very basic metrics on first launch and may expand on this in the near
future.
Ads will not be target specific on first launch, although we do have plans to improve this in the
near future.

12

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

Pre-ICO
Our pre-ICO will begin on the 28th of July 2017 and will run for 10 days until the 7th of August
2017. All Socials will be available during the pre-ICO with no maximum (besides hard cap) and
no minimum.

Pre-ICO Details
Maximum for sale pre-ICO
Pre-ICO price
Minimum transaction amount
Pre-ICO sale period

47,500,000 SCL
1 ETH = 850 SCL
0.04 ETH
01:00am GMT Jul 28 2017 to
01:00am GMT Aug 7 2017

Coin distribution

Contract will distribute coins/tokens instantly upon
receiving ETH
No minimum

Minimum pre-ICO goal

Our pre-ICO has an exclusive bonus rate of 850 SCL per 1 ETH for the entire period. This
presale is aimed to raise funds to advertise and market the main ICO.

Pre-ICO Funds
Pre-ICO funds will go into marketing the main ICO. We are planning multiple approaches of
digital marketing such as banner ads, press releases, signature campaigns and social media.

Main ICO
Our ICO structure will perform an immediate exchange of Social coins from your contributed
Ether.

ICO Details
Role of coin/token
Symbol
Maximum supply (hard cap)
For sale this ICO

Used to buy goods, services and ad spaces on Nexus
SCL
50,000,000 SCL
47,500,000 SCL Emission rate

Emission rate
Accepted currencies
Price
Minimum transaction amount
ICO sale period

No new coins will ever be created
ETH only
1 ETH = 500 SCL
0.04 ETH
01:00am GMT Aug 17 2017 to 01:00am GMT Sep 15 2017

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

13

Coin distribution
Minimum goal
If minimum not met

Contract will distribute coins/tokens instantly upon
receiving ETH
250,000 SCL
Refunds will be issued via the smart-contract

Coin Distribution
95% of all coins are available for purchase during the ICO. A maximum of 5% of the total
supply of coins will be given to promote the product via multiple forms of digital marketing
and development.
Zero tokens will be distributed to the Nexus team, instead, we will be implementing a buyback program (see below). This will highly reduce the probability of a day one exchange
dump that happens to most new tokens that hit the market.
No coins are offered for bounties as all bounty payouts are in BTC.
Here is a breakdown on where all coins will be:
Nexus team
0 SCL
Marketing campaigns
2,500,000 SCL
Pre & Main ICO
47,500,000 SCL

Buy-Back Program
Instead of allocating X amount of SCL to the team during the ICO period, we will be
launching a buy-back program on the exchange. This way, SCL will be purchased with BTC
instead of being allocated free of charge to team members.
A total of 5% of all SCL in circulation will be purchased back during the first 24 hours to help
SCL enter a bullish trend.

Unsold Coins
Our smart contract is set to only create (mint) coins/tokens as it accepts ETH. Therefore,
there will be no unsold coins remaining after the ICO has been finalized.

Minimum Goal
We have strategically set a minimum funding goal for the crowdsale. If the minimum goal is
not set, full refunds will be made via the smart-contract.
If the main ICO does not pass the minimum specified, all remaining pre-ICO funds are
returned to the investors minus marketing expenses.

14

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

Funds Allocation
All raised funds from the ICO will be liquidated slowly to ensure no market disruptions.
Development
Security Audits
Legals
Hardware Upgrades
Advertising

65%
10% (max 3000 ETH)
10% (max 1000 ETH)
5% (max 100 ETH)
10%

Bonus Rates
Our main ICO will have an ongoing bonus structure for the entire crowdsale period.
First day
Week 1
Week 2
Week 3
Week 4

1
1
1
1
1

ETH
ETH
ETH
ETH
ETH

=
=
=
=
=

750
700
650
600
550

SCL
SCL
SCL
SCL
SCL

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

15

WHY CONTRIBUTE
The number of Social coins is limited to 50,000,000 and no further coins can be created due to
the strict laws of smart-contracts.
All coins sold within the pre-ICO and main ICO will be the only Socials ever in circulation. Once
Nexus is complete and integrates Social coins inside the marketplace, the demand of Socials will
increase, as more people demand it as a form of payment for their goods and services.
Due to our buy-back program, the chances of SCL entering a bullish market once it hits an
exchange is high. If the bullish trend sticks, the price of SCL should increase steadily.
Bonus rates are offered for every period of the ICO. This means that participating during the
ICO, the contributor will recieve the base rate of 1 ETH = 500 SCL plus the current bonus in
effect.

16

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

Ad Platform
Nexus plans to integrate a fully functional and semi-automatic ad platform
in Q3 2018. The ad platform will allow users to create ads that are displayed
within the news feed. All ad spaces will cost an amount in Socials that is yet
to be determined. Charges will cost per impression and per click and will
automatically deduct the amount in Social from the accounts web wallet.

On-Selling
All Socials that Nexus makes via the marketplace fees and ad spaces will be
on-sold via the Nexus website.
Socials will be sold for ETH, BTC or via USD from a credit card. The rate of
socials will be the last seven days high +2%. This will ensure the constant
price rise of Socials.
All ETH and BTC raised from fees on Nexus will only be liquidated when the
business requires further funds.

Contributing Rules
There are strict rules and precautions to follow while participating within the Socials ICO.
 Send ETH from your personal Ethereum wallet (such as MyEtherWallet, Metamask,
Parity, Mist or Ledger).
 Set Limit to 200,000.
 Do not send funds from exchanges like Coinbase, Poloniex etc.
 Do not send your funds before the crowdsale has begun.
 SCL will be sent immediately to the wallet from which the ETH arrived.
Before contributing to the ICO, please make sure you have read and agreed to our
crowdsale agreement document found below.
https://ico.nexus.social/pdfs/legals/Nexus-Crowdsale-Agreement.pdf

Exchanges
Nexus has prepared all required documentation to be listed on exchanges. We are
currently talking with a few exchanges and plan to be listed on at least one major
exchange shortly after the finaliztion of the ICO.

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

17

Roadmap and Development Plan
Our future roadmap and development plan is transparent and precise. We plan on
redeveloping the entire Nexus platform for speed, security and reliability.

Q1 2018
Q4 2017
Release new version of Nexus
front-end.
 Full front-end re-development
in Angular 4
 CI adaption for zero downtime
on new releases
 Open source front-end
 Split back-end API from frontend project

Q2 2018
Finalise integration of
Social coins into Nexus for
marketplace purchases and
fund donations.
Perform one or more third
party security audits.
Create secure web based
wallet for each user inside
their Nexus account.

Q4 2018
Move data and uploads to
decentralized and encrypted
storage.
Distribution of Nexus debit
card.

18

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

Release new version of Nexus backend.
 Re-evaluate and optimize
NodeJS backend
 Better security for API
 Post reactions
 Restructure models and
database for faster queries
 End-to-end message encryption
 Integrate 2FA

Q3 2018
Ad platform where Socials can
be traded for advertising.
Development and integration
of the Nexus debit card

Beyond
Just a few of the features we hope
to integrate in the near future.
 Integration of Tor API and builtin VPN
 Bidding system for purchasing in
the marketplace
 Multilingual functionality to suit
all users
 Send Socials and other stored
tokens through instant messages
 Allowing general public users to
become moderators and earn
Socials
 Single sign on functionality for
third party integrations
 Host multiple account logins
without logging out
 Continuously adding new
features suggested by the users

Smart Contract
Our contract follows the ERC20 standard Ethereum token code, so Socials can be stored in
any compatible ERC20 wallet.
Our crowdsale smart contract has been audited and is available for review online via the
following Etherscan link.
https://etherscan.io/address/0x582e3d8dcd41f586fbcc6559f16476d20b
2a3b95#code

Company Information
Nexus is a company trading under FatCat Group Pty Ltd in Australia. The original entity
name behind the ACN (Australian Company Number) was Nexus Social Network, but later
changed to FatCat Group so that all technology can be licensed under the same parent
entity.

Australian Registration
To view more information about our company and the entities under it, please visit the
following link:
http://abr.business.gov.au/SearchByAbn.aspx?abn=82169756343

Trademark
Nexus has a trademark registered in Australia for our slogan, The centre of all
connections and our logo. You can view information about our trademark via the
following link:
https://search.ipaustralia.gov.au/trademarks/search/view/1689010?q=1689010

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

19

Team

Jade Mulholland Mo Abbas
Founder & Lead Developer

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jade-mulholland/
https://stackoverflow.com/users/1799136/fizzix

Jade graduated from Bond University with
a Bachelor of Multimedia Design with a
double major in Information Technology and
advertising. Since then Jade has been working
as a full stack JavaScript developer with
modern technologies such as Angular, NodeJS,
TypeScript and Webpack.

Backend & Solidity Developer
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamad-abbas-16086115/
https://stackoverflow.com/uers/1592884/moes

Mohamad has been working as a backend
developer with Microsoft technologies for
decades. His experience varies from online
stock market platforms to fully integrated
custom CRM systems. Mos recent experience
includes Solidity development and smart
contracts with Ethereum.

Selena Bunting

Sara Fitzwilliam

Kelly Gooch

Selena is the head of all
public relations and business
communications for Nexus.
She leads international
promotions and also speaks
Chinese.

Sara is the lovely lady on
the other side of the screen
answering all customer
support enquires. Shes the
backbone of the organization
and helps keep everything on
track.

Kelly is the second half of our
Nexus support team. She leads
social media posts, instant
messages and also assists with
marketing.

Public Relations &
Communications

20

Nexus Support

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

Social Media

Advisors

Frank Bonnet Hansco Leek
Advisor Advisor

https://www.linkedin.com/in/frank-bonnet3b890865/

Frank is the founder and
lead developer of DCORP, an
autonomous, decentralized
and democratic organization
that exists on the blockchain
as a series of smart-contracts.
Frank provides his expertise
on Solidity development for
our smart-contracts.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/hansco-leek5bb86210/

Stockbroker, entrepreneur,
investor, early Bitcoin adopter
and co-owner/founder at
Autodealers (successful
Automotive IT company)
among others. Hansco assists
and advises with service
management and business
relations.

Nexus ICO White Paper  Social Coins

21

Contact & Support
If you have any questions about Nexus, Socials, our team, our technology, or
anything in between, feel free to reach out.
Website: https://nexus.social
ICO Info: https://ico.nexus.social
Email: support@nexus.social
BitcoinTalk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2100970
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/nexussocialnetwork
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/nexus_app
Twitter: https://twitter.com/nexus_socials
Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/nexus_social
Slack: http://slack.nexus.social/
Telegram: https://t.me/nexus_social
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoSx37iRR5KZ2TgMSzgk_mg

Nexxus Whitepaper
April 5, 2017

Bitcoin currently is the largest social economic experiment
ever conducted in the history of the world."
Gavin Andresen
Former lead bitcoin developer and one of a few individuals that
worked and communicated directly with Satoshi Nakamoto.

Contents
OVERVIEW ........................................................................................................................................ 2
Abstract ............................................................................................................................... 2
Introduction......................................................................................................................... 2
The Problem Bitcoin Solves ................................................................................................. 3
Solution Acceptance ............................................................................................................ 4
Solution Technology ............................................................................................................ 5
NEXXUS REWARDS............................................................................................................................ 6
Nexxus Rewards Technology ............................................................................................... 6
Merchant Value Proposition ............................................................................................... 7
Shopper Value Proposition.................................................................................................. 8
Nexxus Crypto-Caf ............................................................................................................. 9
Nexxus ATM......................................................................................................................... 9
SUPPORTING TECHNOLOGIES ........................................................................................................10
Nexxus University ..............................................................................................................10
Nexxus Barter ....................................................................................................................11
Nexxus HandUp .................................................................................................................11
Nexxus Sales Management ...............................................................................................12
DIGITAL TOKEN ...............................................................................................................................12
Role of the Nexxus Digital Token.......................................................................................12
MARKETING PLAN ..........................................................................................................................13
Go-To-Market Strategy......................................................................................................13
MANAGEMENT ...............................................................................................................................15
Nexxus Team .....................................................................................................................15
Nexxus Expertise ...............................................................................................................17
Nexxus Timeline ................................................................................................................19
References .........................................................................................................................20
(1)

OVERVIEW
Abstract
Nexxus Partners was established in January 2016 in Texas, USA as a services
company for the bitcoin and cryptocurrency industry. Nexxus has already
developed advanced technology and innovative business models preparing to
take cryptocurrency from the digital world to hometown communities all over
the world, with cryptocurrency cafs, ATMs and a shopper rewards program.
Nexxus recognizes that the mainstream public will adopt cryptocurrency only
after they understand what it is and how they can benefit from it. The new
emerging technology of cryptocurrency requires an ecosystem of support
services, which are provided by Nexxus to facilitate the mainstream adoption of
cryptocurrency.
Nexxus is empowering people to take back control of their money with the
biggest disruptive technology in modern history; an unstoppable grass-roots
movement that wont be trampled on by any government or bank. Its all about
the peoples freedom and reclaiming it.

Introduction
Bitcoin technology is uniquely ingenious, innovative and accomplishes the objectives described in the
2008 whitepaper titled Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System by Satoshi Nakamoto. The
Bitcoin whitepaper abstract states: A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow
online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial
institution.
As the Bitcoin technology matures and evolves with continual improvements for its safe and secure
use, an equally important question arises on how Bitcoin solutions will be delivered to the
marketplace. The former lead Bitcoin developer, Gavin Andresen, asserts that Bitcoin is the largest
social economic experiment ever conducted in the history of the world. This experiment must move
from the technology laboratory to the mainstream public in order to realize its full potential, described
by many experts as having the ability to impact human culture in a greater way than any other
disruptive technology in modern history.
Some say it will be bigger than the personal computer and the Internet combined because we are now
talking about disrupting the current worldwide political and financial establishments power structure
 the peoples money.

(2)

The Problem Bitcoin Solves
To fully appreciate the Bitcoin solution, one must first understand the problem that Bitcoin solves.
Leading up to the 2008 United States financial crisis, the number of lower-quality subprime mortgages
rose from 8% to over 20%, with 90% of those being adjustable-rate mortgages. The crisis was triggered
by a large decline in home prices after the collapse of a housing bubble that was caused by the
increased demand by subprime borrowers. The lower-credit quality ultimately caused massive defaults
and the devaluation of housing-related securities.
The poor-quality mortgages had been packaged together and fraudulently sold as high-quality
mortgage-backed securities, due to the over-generous A+ ratings by Moodys and Standard and Poors
who were paid by the banks offering the safe investments.
When U.S. home prices declined steeply after peaking in mid-2006, it became more difficult for
borrowers to refinance their loans. As adjustable-rate mortgages began to reset at higher interest rates
(causing higher monthly payments), mortgage delinquencies soared. Securities backed with mortgages,
including subprime mortgages, widely held by financial firms globally, lost most of their value, forcing
many large financial corporations into bankruptcy.
The United States 2008 financial crisis was only a symptom of the real problem of widespread
corruption by financial institutions, governments and central banks. Governments have the selfassigned ability to create money out of nothing, typically by politicians in order to fund their pet
projects to fulfill commitments made to campaign donors and the people that got them elected. The
problem is not unique to the United States and is very common with all governments around the
globe. Similar financial crises have hit many other countries like Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, South Korea,
Turkey, Cypress and Greece to name a few with corrupt and irresponsible governments that were
wildly spending other peoples money and borrowing well beyond their ability to repay. Some
governments even confiscated money from their citizens in order to pay for their debts.
These actions constitute a form of legalized theft from the people. When more currency is printed or
digitally created, the currency supply increases while the value of the currency decreases. Not only do
the people end up with less value and purchasing power in the currency they hold, they are also taxed
to pay for the newly created currency in the form of bonds, which constitute the bulk of the national
debt  a double slap in the face of the people. In the United States, the Federal Reserve was
established in 1913 and is one of many central banks worldwide designed to control the money and
thus control the people.
The former Director of the Bank of England, Sir Josiah Stamp shared his wise insights as follows:
"The modern banking system manufactures money out of nothing. The process is perhaps the most
astounding piece of sleight of hand that was ever invented. Banking was conceived in iniquity and
born in sin. Bankers own the earth. Take it away from them, but leave them the power to create
money and control credit, and with the flick of a pen, they will create enough money to buy it back
again... But if you want to continue as the slaves of bankers and pay the cost of your own slavery,
let them continue to create money and to control credit."
(3)

Bitcoin was specifically designed to solve and transcend all these problems. The fundamental principles
of Bitcoin and all cryptocurrencies include:
1. DECENTRALIZATION: Cryptocurrency is owned and controlled by the people. The public ledger
or blockchain is a decentralized, distributed ledger stored collectively on millions of
computers worldwide and is governed by consensus algorithms, math and the people, not by
governments, financial institutions or central banks.
2. PRIVACY: The consumer's identity is as anonymous as they want it to be. The blockchain
contains only cryptic numbers known as cryptocurrency coin addresses for the sender and
receiver of each transaction.
3. UNLIMITED USE: Cryptocurrency can be sent immediately to and from anyone, anywhere,
anytime, for anything, in any amount, with little or no fees.
4. CONTROLLED SUPPLY: No one can change the predetermined and published circulation
schedule of a cryptocurrency. The government cannot arbitrarily create more cryptocurrency
out of thin air and devalue it. Cryptocurrencies have many of the same characteristics as the
precious metals that were once used to back a currency. They work because of their controlled
and limited supply.
5. TRANSPARENCY: Everything is public. All technical specifications, whitepapers and source code
files are published for the public to see. All cryptocurrency transactions are recorded in the
blockchain for everyone to see with a publicly provided blockchain explorer.
No government or bank can create more bitcoins or any other cryptocurrency, nor can they confiscate
anyones money or tell anyone what they can and cant do with their money. Bitcoin is a grass-roots
movement driven by the people and is unstoppable in the exact same way that the Internet cannot be
stopped or shut down because it has no single point of control or failure.

Solution Acceptance
The challenge of gaining broad acceptance is not unique to Bitcoin. Every new technology faces the
same challenges as it strives to cross the chasm from early technology adopters to mainstream public
acceptance.
Personal computers were first invented in the mid-1970s as assembly kits. They were first used by
techie hobbyists and were of little to no interest to the public. It wasnt until there was a benefit for
them that they started paying attention to personal computers. The VisiCalc electronic spreadsheet by
Dan Bricklin in 1979 was the first application (or Killer App) for the personal computer that provided
benefits to non-techies and owners of small and medium sized businesses. The general adoption of
personal computers by the average Joe and Jane didnt happen until the Graphical User Interface (GUI)
had matured through three major versions of Microsoft Windows on May 22, 1990, with Windows 3.0.
The original Internet, ARPANET, was invented in 1969, with commercial Internet Service Providers (ISP)
starting to pop up in the late 1980s, followed by the first graphical Internet browser, Mosaic (Netscape)
by Marc Andreessen in 1993. However, mainstream adoption did not occur until the mid-to-late 1990s
with Killer Apps like electronic mail, information search engines, and electronic commerce.
(4)

The personal computer and the Internet took ten to fifteen years to achieve mainstream public
adoption. Bitcoin is only eight years old and is still searching for the Killer App that will attract the
general public. Cryptocurrency is currently where personal computers were with green screens and
floppy drives in the early-to-mid 1980s. Bitcoin solutions have a ways to go before they will be
considered easy, safe and convenient to use. Finding merchants in your community that will accept
bitcoin payments is not easy. The cryptocurrency industry will develop mature and convenient
solutions just as personal computers replaced an entire infrastructure of corporate computing.
The real question being asked by the general public is Whats in it for me?, Why should I use
bitcoin? after all, their credit cards still work just fine. There must be a good reason for people to buy
and use bitcoin. One might be tempted to think that the inherit benefits of decentralization, privacy,
unlimited use, controlled supply and transparency are sufficiently good reasons, except for the fact
that most people have never heard of cryptocurrency and have no idea what Bitcoin really is.
The ultimate delivery solution must accomplish multiple goals. First, it must help the general public
understand what bitcoin is, what problems it solves, why it is important, how it can benefit them, and
how to use it safely and securely. Second, it must provide a sufficient benefit for the general public to
use it. There must be a very good reason, a Killer-App if you will, possibly something like getting a
better deal from merchants when paying with cryptocurrency. But before they will recognize and
desire a benefit, they must first understand what it is.
Regarding merchants, bitcoin is currently being presented to them as a payment processing solution to
save a few percentage points in credit card processing fees. The opportunities are much greater for
merchants to benefit from bitcoin and other top cryptocurrency marketing solutions to significantly
increase their sales revenue by acquiring and retaining new customers.

Solution Technology
The complete bitcoin solution for the mainstream public adoption of cryptocurrency includes many
layers of technology, similar to computer technology that has a Central Processing Unit (CPU) to do the
main computing work, but also has layers of technology support services like user input devices
(keyboards, mice, microphones), user output devices (monitors, speakers, printers), storage devices
(RAM, hard drives, memory cards) and communication devices (network cards, Bluetooth, infrared, WiFi) that constitute the complete solution we call a computer.
Likewise, the core Bitcoin technology is the blockchain software, equating to a CPU. The blockchain
software is supplemented with technology support services like blockchain explorers, wallets, public
exchanges, price aggregators, payment processors, news propagators, industry watchdogs, educational
services and marketing solutions that make up the complete bitcoin solution for the end-users.
Each of these support service technologies is as important to the complete bitcoin solution as our arms
and legs are to our brain. The development and maturity of these technology support services will
define the usefulness and eventual adoption of cryptocurrency by the mainstream public.
Cryptocurrency blockchain software is constantly being improved and matured with the release of new
versions and even new cryptocurrencies. The technology support services are also maturing and new
services are being introduced to expand the reach and value of bitcoin solutions to the public.
(5)

As Bitcoin technology expands outward from the core blockchain software, to the end-user it provides
more opportunities for creative user experiences and innovative business models to play a significant
role in the complete bitcoin solution.

NEXXUS REWARDS

Nexxus Rewards Technology
Cryptocurrency is disruptive but more people need to understand it in order for it to be truly
transformational. Nexxus has chosen a suite of services designed to help popularize cryptocurrencies.
They pivot around the Nexxus Rewards  Global Rewards Community. Merchant loyalty programs
suffer from several problems that blockchain technology can uniquely solve. As Nexxus Rewards solves
some of those industry-specific problems, it will be helping the overall cause of cryptocurrency
adoption.
The core technology is Nexxus Rewards  a global rewards community. Nexxus Rewards facilitates the
use of cryptocurrency with a win-win-win situation for the merchants, shoppers and the local
community. Shoppers have mobile and desktop apps to find Nexxus merchants to collect and redeem
Nexxus Rewards points. Nexxus Merchants have Nexxus promotional advertising in their stores. The
Nexxus Rewards technology is already up and running in production with beta merchants currently
offering free cash back rewards to shoppers.
Nexxus merchants can come from all types of businesses in the local community like bakeries, salons,
restaurants, boutiques, dry cleaners, tire stores, flower stores, gift shops, cafes, pizza parlors, burger
joints, frozen yogurt shops, grocery stores, service stations, butcher shops, game centers, miniature
golf, movie theaters, home repairs, real estate, car dealerships, etc.
Nexxus Rewards is the first global rewards loyalty technology for bitcoin and other top
cryptocurrencies. Nexxus Rewards meets people where they are most comfortable today by accepting
any local fiat currency and eventually leading them to the virtues of cryptocurrency.
Nexxus Rewards plans for explosive growth worldwide with a trained and certified independent direct
sales force and a distribution strategy designed to create critical mass in local communities in order to
provide enough shoppers for the merchants and enough merchants for the shoppers.
Nexxus Partners has a strong technology background and has developed all of its technology internally
over many years. All technology, including the Nexxus Global Rewards system and its many supporting
services like the Nexxus University Learning Management System (LMS), the Nexxus Barter system and
the Direct Sales Management system are all developed, owned and controlled by Nexxus with no thirdparty dependencies for critical functionality. This enables Nexxus to move quickly with enhancements
and refinements to meet the changing needs of the business environment.

(6)

Merchant Value Proposition
Risk Free: Nexxus merchants have a completely risk-free solution to get and keep new customers.
There are no signup fees, no contracts, no special software and no special terminals to lease or
purchase. Merchants pay nothing until after they make the sale  no more Pay-n-Pray advertising.
Customer Acquisition: Merchants can acquire new customers by accessing Nexxus registered shoppers
with a text messaging (SMS) marketing system to send daily promotions at no additional cost.
Merchants can reach shoppers that may not even know they exist and reach them where they are  on
their mobile devices. Merchants also have an online presence on the mobile shopper application.
Customer Retention: Merchants can keep customers coming back again and again to collect and
redeem their cash back rewards. Merchants can offer cash back rewards that are redeemable at any
merchant in the network and they can offer exclusive recognition awards redeemable only at the
issuing merchant.
Flexible Pricing: Merchants can name their own price for the valuable Nexxus marketing services. Each
merchant decides how much cash back reward they will offer based on their profit margins. Even the
low 1% to 5% marketing fees are flexible and based on the offered cash back reward.
Additional Revenue: Merchants can create an additional
revenue stream by participating in the free Nexxus viral
marketing program that pays them for every transaction done
at any merchant by any shopper they refer and anyone those
shoppers refer to infinity.
Cryptocurrency Payments: Merchants also have unlimited
access to a cryptocurrency payment-processing gateway that
allows them to accept bitcoin and any other top
cryptocurrencies supported by Nexxus Rewards.
Merchant Portal:

(7)

Shopper Value Proposition
Global Rewards: The Nexxus shared rewards program allows shoppers to
register free of charge, collect free cash back reward points and redeem
them at any Nexxus merchant.
Dynamic Points: Shoppers can collect dynamic cash back reward points that
can increase in value as usage of Nexxus Rewards grows worldwide.
Referral Rewards: Shoppers can earn free referral shopping rewards for
every transaction done by any shopper they personally refer.

Shopper Portal:

(8)

Nexxus Crypto-Caf
The Nexxus strategy to take cryptocurrency from the digital world to home town communities all over
the world includes local physical Nexxus Crypto-Cafs as the community centers for everything
cryptocurrency. Nexxus Crypto-Cafs are community centers for the public to learn about and use
cryptocurrency. Every Nexxus Crypto-Caf will have a cryptocurrency automated teller machine (ATM)
for exchanging cryptocurrency to and from the local fiat currency.
The Nexxus Crypto-Caf is the local Nexxus sales headquarters supporting merchants and community
organizations, as well as training and supporting the independent Nexxus sales force.
Nexxus Crypto-Cafs will include lounge areas, classrooms, small offices, free Wi-Fi, food and beverage
services, ATMs and cryptocurrency promotional products and supplies for anyone in the community to
learn about, use and promote cryptocurrency. Cryptocurrency ticker tapes and cryptocurrency news
will be continually broadcast from the Nexxus Crypto-Cafs.
Nexxus Crypto-Cafs are licensed to qualified independent operators for explosive growth in
predeveloped global markets. Nexxus Crypto-Caf operators will be trained and certified at the CryptoCaf University. Operators can profit from the retail product sales, food and beverage sales, ATM
transaction fees and instructor-led class fees as well as Nexxus Rewards related sales and service
commissions and bonuses.

Nexxus ATM
The Nexxus Automated Teller Machines (ATM) will support the 2-way
exchange of bitcoin and other top cryptocurrencies to and from the local fiat
currency and are equipped to support KYC and AML requirements. Nexxus
ATMs will be located in every Nexxus Crypto-Caf and will be available for
licensing and placement in high traffic public locations.

(9)

SUPPORTING TECHNOLOGIES

Nexxus University
Nexxus Rewards is the core technology and has an
educational service, Nexxus University, to support the
eventual widespread use of Nexxus Rewards. The
public must first learn about cryptocurrency with the
Nexxus University, which has been providing many
educational courses on cryptocurrency since early
2016.
Many opportunities for learning are available on
services like Coursera and YouTube. Nexxus
University has organized a plethora of information
about cryptocurrency in an easy to learn way for the
average non-technical person. Nexxus has created a
structured environment with accurate and current
information to facilitate the learning process and test
if the student really learned the subject matter and to
recognize them accordingly.
Nexxus University courses are delivered on a
professional Learning Management System (LMS)
with multiple multimedia lessons per course, lesson
quizzes, exams and professional certificates. The
current courses include:
1.
2.
3.
4.

Cryptocurrency Enlightenment
The History of Money
The Bitcoin Solution
Understanding Cryptocurrency

Hard-core enthusiasts can become a Certified Cryptocurrency Specialist (CCS) by passing the tough
100 question final exam. All Nexxus Rewards direct sales reps and Nexxus Crypto-Caf operators are
required to pass the CCS exam as part of their certification.
All Nexxus University courses are currently available in English and Spanish with plans for future
support of many additional languages including Mandarin and Hindi.
Nexxus University provides cryptocurrency courseware at very affordable retail prices from $9.95 to
$24.95 per course for 12-month access for the student and their entire family, in an effort to educate
as many people as possible about cryptocurrency.

(10)

As part of an additional effort to share the virtues of cryptocurrency with everyone, Nexxus University
has an affiliate program enabling free registered affiliates to earn a share of the retail revenue by
promoting the Nexxus University courses.
Learn more at www.NexxusUniversity.com.

Nexxus Barter
Nexxus Rewards also includes support services for its end-users to trade their unwanted or surplus
products and services with each other in cash or cryptocurrency with Nexxus Barter.
Other services like Craigslist and ITEX bartering provide the ability for consumers to trade with each
other. Nexxus expands these existing services with a free bartering service that supports
cryptocurrency and provides a co-branded bartering service for local community affinity groups.
Anyone can join free of charge and list free barter ads to sell the stuff they no longer use or need.
Nexxus Barter is considered the Craigslist/eBay of cryptocurrency. In addition to unlimited free barter
ad listings, sellers can optionally feature and promote their barter ads on the Nexxus Barter search
page. Nexxus Barter is designed as a local community bartering system for in-person transactions.
Nexxus Barter was released in late 2016 and is undergoing beta testing as it accumulates barter ad
listings. The production system already includes barter area expansion, optional ad features, ad
campaign management and ad credit purchases for the optional ad upgrade services.
Nexxus Barter is an ideal solution for local organizations like churches, schools and charities to have a
co-branded bartering solution for their membership, which can create free fundraising for the
organization. Consumers that register free of charge have full access to all the Nexxus Rewards and
Nexxus Barter services.

Nexxus HandUp
Nexxus Partners supports the use of cryptocurrency for all people in all circumstances. Nexxus Partners
looks to help the underprivileged gain an advantage in the new evolving world of cryptocurrency with
full scholarships to Nexxus University for selected families in countries all around the world. Nexxus
Partners works with local community leaders and news media to identify and qualify scholarship
candidates.

(11)

Nexxus Sales Management
Nexxus provides a comprehensive sales management system for its direct sales representatives and its
affiliates. The Nexxus Sales Management software has been developed over 13 years and is owned and
maintained internally to provide all the sales and marketing tools required for a professional
independent sales force.
Sales reps have access to personalized sales and lead generation tools, university course inventory
management, order processing, sales commissions and bonuses, sales and support resource centers,
sales team management, sales territory management, sales training and certification, merchant and
organization management, mentoring system, support knowledgebase and support ticket system.
All direct sales representatives and affiliates have secured access to their personalized Nexxus backoffice with the enhanced security of Two Factor Authentication (2FA).

DIGITAL TOKEN

Role of the Nexxus Digital Token
The Nexxus Digital Token was developed in the early stages of product development of the Nexxus
ecosystem in 2016 by Nexxus Partners. It was designed from the beginning to be the internal currency
for value exchange within the various Nexxus solutions. Some Nexxus tokens were distributed for
product development funding in part to private angel investors and other contributors with the early
vision to see the potential of the Nexxus mission and business strategy. The Nexxus digital token
currently has a privately established value of $0.10 USD.
Internal Currency: The Nexxus internal reward points used for the cash back rewards represent a
digital token called the Nexxus Coin. It is the internal currency of Nexxus used throughout the Nexxus
ecosystem including Nexxus Rewards, Nexxus University and Nexxus Barter for purchases and the
internal exchange of products and services.
Technical Specifications: The Nexxus Coin utilizes the latest Proof-of-Stake (POS) protocol to secure its
network and had its genesis block created on March 1, 2016. Nexxus Coin was forked from and follows
Black Coin due to its strong developer community and implementation of POS 2.0 and POS 3.0 for
enhanced security. Nexxus Coin has a 60-second block time and an initial money supply of 299M with a
5% annual staking rate. Learn more about the Nexxus Coin specifications, block-chain explorer,
downloadable wallets and public GitHub source code repository at www.NexxusCoin.com.
(12)

Automatic Buyer Demand: The Nexxus Coin digital token has built in buyer demand as the internal
currency of Nexxus Rewards. Every purchase in any currency drives buyer demand and the value of the
Nexxus Coin digital token. Regardless of the currency used for the purchase, the cash back reward
percentage offered by the merchant is automatically purchased from the market in Nexxus Coins.
For example, if 10,000 merchants were issuing $1,000 a month in cash back rewards,
100M Nexxus Coins would be purchased from the market (at a price of $0.10). Thats
approximately 1/3 of the total money supply every month.
Reward Point Bonuses: Additional bonuses will be offered by the Nexxus University for meeting
Nexxus Reward point earning milestones. Users will receive free educational courses as they earn more
and more Nexxus Rewards points. For example, earning $25 in Nexxus Rewards points will earn a free
course certificate for the Cryptocurrency Enlightenment introductory course, which can be used for
any purpose. The reward points need only be earned, they do not need to be held and no points are
surrendered or redeemed for the course certificates. Meeting the reward point milestones is all that is
needed.
Distinctive Advantage: Many traditional loyalty programs are available today without blockchain
technology. The Nexxus Rewards blockchain solution has a distinct advantage over traditional exclusive
static loyalty points with SHARED and DYNAMIC Reward Points.
Token Utility: Similar to the Ether coin used by Ethereum, the Nexxus Coin digital token has utility as
the internal currency of the Nexxus ecosystem and can increase in value as usage of the Nexxus
Rewards solution grows worldwide. Ethereum provides computing services for a market of
programmers, while Nexxus provides commerce services for a much larger market of shoppers.

MARKETING PLAN
Go-To-Market Strategy
Viral Marketing
The most effective form of advertising is word-of-mouth. Nexxus Rewards includes a viral marketing
program designed to provide financial incentives to its merchants and shoppers for referring new
shoppers to Nexxus. Shoppers can earn free shopping reward points for every transaction at any
Nexxus merchant by anyone they personally refer. Shoppers can share Nexxus with their friends and
family and earn free shopping rewards.
Merchants can create an additional revenue stream on every transaction at any Nexxus merchant by
shoppers they refer and by anyone those shoppers refer to infinity. Both shoppers and merchants
earn 10% of the marketing fees generated from the transactions. Shoppers earn reward points and
merchants earn cash. Merchants could potentially offset all of their Nexxus marketing fees with the
additional viral marketing revenue stream.

(13)

Certified Direct Sales Force
Nexxus partners with independent entrepreneurs worldwide to create a trained and certified direct
sales force to build the merchant and shopper network. Qualified direct sales representatives set up,
train and support merchants and organizations in the local community. Direct sales reps work with
merchants and organizations to build large infinity shopper networks. Direct sales reps earn 20% of the
marketing fees generated from all purchases at any Nexxus merchant by any shopper in their entire
infinity shopper network.
Direct sales representatives typically have worked in related fields like credit card payment processing
services, advertising sales, business insurance sales, disability insurance sales like Aflac, etc. These are
all proven successful commission-based independent sales forces.
Development of the direct sales force will be initiated in major cities in the United States including; Los
Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle, Salt Lake City, Phoenix, Denver, Dallas, Chicago, Atlanta, Miami and
New York City. International expansion will be developed based on market penetration.
Nexxus promotes sales management from within to manage the worldwide direct sales force. A
worldwide management structure of supervisors, managers, directors and V.P.s share in 20% of the
generated marketing fees. The Nexxus Sales Management system provides direct sales reps with
secured access to sales and marketing tools, sales commissions and bonuses, a customer management
system, support knowledgebase and a sales support ticket system.
Community Outreach
Nexxus Rewards benefits the entire community by working with local non-profit organizations and
affinity groups to provide them with a perpetual fundraising program for their much-needed operating
funds. Organizations receive the same opportunity as the merchants to build a large infinity shopper
network and earn 10% of the marketing fees generated by every transaction at any merchant by any
shoppers they refer and anyone those shoppers refer to infinity.
Community organizations no longer need to send their kids out to sell candy bars and greeting cards.
They can now raise funds automatically every day, week and month from their shoppers that keep
shopping. And whats the likelihood that shoppers will stop shopping?
Critical Mass Strategy
Nexxus Rewards will be successfully launched in communities around the world by the qualified direct
sales force with a detailed 3-phase rollout strategy to build critical mass within sales territories defined
worldwide by postal code.
Phase 1 requires the establishment of a sufficient qualified direct sales force based on the population
of the sales territory. 1 Full Time Equivalent (FTE) is required per 25,000 population. 1 FTE is considered
40 hours per week. 2 qualified direct sales reps working 20 hours a week each would also equal 1 FTE.
Phase 2 requires the registration of a significant number of shoppers equal to 1% of the population of
the sales territory. For example, if a postal code has a population of 50,000, Nexxus requires 500
registered shoppers to complete phase 2 for that sales territory. Local organizations should provide the
momentum to easily meet the 1% requirement. Nexxus Barter can provide a valuable service for the
shoppers before the merchants are available.
(14)

Phase 3 is the start of setting up pre-sold merchants. Merchants will have been made aware of the
coming Nexxus marketing solution throughout phases 1 and 2. The risk-free solution and allure of 500
shoppers in their community looking for merchants just like them should make it easy to attract a large
number of local merchants in the sales territory.
Nexxus Rewards has a comprehensive Go-To-Market Strategy to ensure its success in the local
community through the use of viral marketing, a qualified direct sales force, community outreach and
a 3-phase rollout strategy for achieving critical mass.

MANAGEMENT
Nexxus Team
Robert A. Wood, Founder & CEO
Bob Wood is the founder and CEO of Nexxus Partners and is a senior technologist,
formerly working with Bill Gates company, Microsoft, and Ross Perots company,
Electronic Data Systems. In 2004, he founded Pinnacle Institute, a marketing and
technology consulting company to the direct sales industry for over 30 sales
organizations. In 1998 during the Internet gold rush, he founded Shabang.com
building it to a $200M e-commerce corporation as the first Internet product search engine, the
predecessor to Google, Amazon and eBay shopping.
Bob Wood has over 30 years of experience in corporate America designing and building the missioncritical architecture of distributed systems for Fortune 500 corporations. He was published in the
Microsoft Systems Journal, published the blue book on Re-engineering Software Development and
presented numerous executive lectures for Fortune 500 corporations on Re-engineering Software
Development.
Bob Wood has most recently been immersed in cryptocurrency since early 2014 and has been involved
in the development of three cryptocurrencies. He has been referenced and quoted in many
cryptocurrency news articles and has been a keynote speaker at Independence Conferences
advocating the virtues of cryptocurrency. Bob Wood is an industry analyst, researcher, consumer
advocate and industry watchdog, publishing articles to educate the public on recognizing the
differences between legitimate cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency scams.
Gary Berriochoa, Chief Operations Officer
Gary is an experienced executive in many areas of corporate operations wearing many
hats as a life-long entrepreneur. Gary worked in manufacturing with General Dynamics
and was a talent manager for the entertainment industry. He worked in direct sales
management with West Bend cookware and introduced the new emerging cell phone technology into
the North Texas market. Gary was a manager of international manufacturing and assembly plants in
Taiwan with Technical Chemical where he also worked as a Quality Control Manager and liaison to
(15)

Underwriters Laboratory. Gary also managed a team of 150 volunteers for the 1994 FIFA World Cup
Soccer tournament in the United States.
Mike Sorensen, Director of Technology
Mike is an experienced IT professional with over 30 years of systems engineering
experience in software, hardware, networking and data centers. He founded a software
development and technology consulting company specializing in technology solutions,
industry specific software and systems integration. Mike has worked, consulted and contracted with
many large companies including CompuCom Systems, Interstate Batteries and Easton-Bell Sports.
Bill Richardson, Financial Controller
Bill is an experienced business professional with a degree in accounting and finance from
the University of Texas at Dallas. Starting in the oil and gas industry, Bill has accumulated
20+ years of business experience in accounting, finance and related technologies, which
includes a background in hardware and financial software solutions, as well as back-end services
involving Internet and e-commerce. Bills experience also includes raising private placement capital and
securing strategic financial partnerships.
Jim Anderson, V.P. Business Development
Jim Anderson is a recognized and well-respected professional within the direct sales
industry. During his 29-year career, he has been centrally involved as a consultant, senior
executive and president for some of the industrys fastest-growing companies. One of the
start-up companies for which he was president grew from 5,000 distributors to more than 140,000
active distributors and annual sales in excess of $120 million within two years. He also served as the
Senior Director for Global Business Development of Mannatech, Inc. He functioned in this capacity
during its greatest growth stage when the company grew from $120 million to over $420 million in
annual sales and to more than 450,000 active distributors.
Dan Williquette, International Marketing Director
Dan is formally educated in Marketing and has successfully built his own wedding
photography & videography business for 20 years. He also has over 30 years of
experience in the direct sales industry proving what works and what does not work. Dan
has mastered a successful marketing strategy that fixes many of the flaws in network marketing. He
has proven with five different companies how to build successful teams in geographic locations that
will not only prevent orphans from struggling in the business, but will create teams of people with ONE
VISION all working together in harmony to successfully reach the highest levels in the compensation
plan.

(16)

Michael Bailey, Localization Director
Michael is a staunch cryptocurrency enthusiast driving the localization of Nexxus Partners
around the world. Michael has a BSc degree, graduating with honors in accounting and
computer science. He has decades of expertise in a wide variety of industries including
music/entertainment, construction, real estate development and property management
as Controller, Accounting Manager, IT Manager and Technical Support Engineer and is fluent in
Spanish. Michael translated all Nexxus University courses and Nexxus Rewards training courses into
Spanish. He is also deeply involved and committed to spirituality-based personal development.
Richard LeBlanc, Creative Director
Richard is a professionally trained guru in the art and science of graphic design and is an
associate professor at Collin College. Richard founded B12 Group as a strategic branding
firm dedicated to energizing business by creating: a look, attitude and place in the world
for the business, memorable brands that cause a stir, award-winning solutions that command
attention, innovative ideas that produce results and insightful plans that convert customers into
advocates.
Dr. Baloch Asif PhD, Chief Security Officer
Asif is a hard-core computer scientist with expertise in all aspects of cyber security and
cryptocurrency development.
Steven Wilkinson, Chief Compliance Officer
Steven is a cryptocurrency business expert, technology consultant and co-founder of the
Texas Bitcoin Conference.

Nexxus Expertise
The Nexxus executive management team has a unique combination of many fields of expertise aiding
in the successful design, development and implementation of the Nexxus solutions.
Technology
The technology staff of Nexxus has over 60 years of disciplined corporate experience in all aspects of
information technology including operating system services, business application software
development and data center operations, maintenance and security.
Nexxus Partners software applications are built on the same enterprise quality n-tier architecture as
the largest companies in the world. All Nexxus Partners software is owned and controlled internally by
the Nexxus technology team for maximum responsiveness to changing business requirements.
Cryptocurrency
(17)

Nexxus technologists have been intimately involved in the development of several cryptocurrencies
and have been immersed in the cryptocurrency phenomenon at a technical and business level for
several years. Nexxus prospered through the wild-wild-west frontier stage of cryptocurrency while
working closely with many industry experts and international hackers.

(18)

E-Commerce

Several Nexxus executives founded and worked closely with Shabang.com, a $200M e-commerce
platform for small businesses to sell their products and services on the Internet at the dawn of ecommerce.
Direct Sales
Many Nexxus executives have decades of experience in the direct sales industry as presidents, CTOs,
marketers, sales representatives, technologists and consultants, including technology and business
consulting services provided by the Pinnacle Institute since 2004 for over 30 sales organizations
employing independent direct sales strategies.
Loyalty Marketing
Nexxus executives have several years of experience in the loyalty marketing space for multiple clients
and provided consulting services for an international German-based loyalty company with over
100,000 sales agents.

Nexxus Timeline

(19)

References
FOUNDER BIOGRAPHY: View the Nexxus founder, Robert A. Woods professional bio at
http://www.WhoIsBobWood.com/about/
FOUNDER PERSONAL BACKGROUND: View the Nexxus founder, Robert A. Woods personal life
experiences, philosophies and accomplishments at http://www.WhoIsBobWood.com.
NEXXUS PARTNERS: View the Nexxus Partners website at http://www.NexxusPartners.com.
NEXXUS REWARDS: View the Nexxus Rewards website at http://www.NexxusRewards.com.
NEXXUS UNIVERSITY: View the Nexxus University website at http://www.NexxusUniversity.com.
NEXXUS COIN: View the Nexxus Coin website at http://www.NexxusCoin.com.
TWITTER NEXXUS REWARDS: View the Nexxus Rewards Twitter page at
https://twitter.com/NexxusReward.

(20)










Peerplays
A Provably Fair Blockchain-Based Gaming Platform
Jonathan Bahai, Michael P. Maloney
May 2016















Abstract
The online betting and gambling industry has been constantly plagued with accusations of
fraud and cheating by both players and system administrators. In the United States alone, over
a dozen online gaming sites have either gone bankrupt or been forcefully shut down by
authorities since 2011, resulting in tens of millions of dollars in deposits that have yet to be
returned to players. Despite these setbacks, the industry continues to grow, and players
continue to risk depositing their funds into centrally owned and operated gaming websites.
Provably fair online gaming is badly needed. Enter Peerplays, a solution for provably fair
blockchain-based gaming that allows users to design their own specialized tokens or chips,
buy or sell gateway tokens for popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin or Ether and then wager
these tokens in on-chain games.
There is no house in Peerplays, but instead players are matched with other users for
peer-to-peer gameplay through a series of smart contracts. These contracts escrow the funds
wagered by each player and then release them to the winner 
after specific conditions within a
game are met and verified. Smart contracts are built directly into the native blockchain code
rather than a virtual scripting machine, which makes transaction processing fast enough to
enable millions of players to interact almost simultaneously.

Table of Contents


Introduction

Blockchain Consensus
Native Smart Contracts
Provably Fair Gaming
Profit Sharing
Fee distribut
ion Flowchart

Mega-Jackpots and PowerUp Points
Open Source GUI
Trustless Asset Exchange
Wagering
Hosted (Public) Client Portals
Server-Side Tournament Hosting
Conclusion
References

Introduction
A Peer-to-Peer Marketplace is an online exchange that brings people and/or businesses
together to deal with each other directly without having to go through traditional slow and
expensive multi-party networks. In these marketplaces, motivated individuals with resources
and specific skills or talents can simply connect with willing customers through a 3rd party
dispatch service, consisting of either an online platform or mobile app to facilitate a
commercial exchange of goods or services and payment between the buyer and seller. Airbnb,
eBay, Etsy, Freelancer, Kickstarter, Mr. Delivery, and Uber are examples of the most successful
of Peer-to-Peer networking models today.
With the advent of blockchain technologies, and specifically the platform called 
Graphene
, it is
now possible to launch a peer-to-peer dispatch service that runs almost entirely on its own.
Graphene is 
an open-source, MIT licensed, decentralized blockchain technology that utilizes a
Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS) consensus mechanism, 
which leverages the power of
stakeholder voting to resolve consensus issues in a fair and democratic way. Commercial
interactions between users facilitated by Graphene are cheaper and faster than a traditional
company due to greatly reduced overhead costs, while membership and operational criteria is
still flexible enough to grow and adapt through a democratic process.
Even better, all actions on the blockchain are publicly accessible for audit and verification,
eliminating the possibility of cheating. And since decentralized blockchains cannot easily be
turned off or shut down by external agencies, blockchain-based companies may be among the
first organizations in history to enjoy complete global autonomy. This has recently sparked a
worldwide movement to promote and explore blockchain technologies as a potential catalyst
for new social, political, cooperative, and for-profit business models.
One such model addressed by Peerplays is the creation of a provably fair and auditable
gaming platform, because the online betting and gambling industry has been constantly
1
plagued with accusations of fraud and cheating by both players and system administrators.
Peerplays also offers an alternative for payment processing of wagers, as the current legacy
system often involves complex legal compliance hurdles which have to be dealt with separately
2
in each country of operation.
If payment processing can be outsourced to a decentralized
blockchain, 3rd party gaming partners can unburden themselves in ways that lower the barrier
to entry into the marketplace.

Blockchain Consensus
Graphene, the technology behind Peerplays, is the same platform used by BitShares, Steem,
and Muse. It currently offers the fastest block production times and the highest throughput of
any decentralized blockchain consensus mechanism available - supporting 3 second blocks
3
and a potential throughput capacity of over 100,000 transactions per second.
On a
Graphene-based blockchain, stakeholders elect trusted signing witnesses, and a periodic,
randomly chosen deterministic block signing order allows each witness to know when their
turn to sign is approaching. Thus, block production speed is only limited by the bandwidth
capacity of the signing nodes and the speed of light - which is about 1 second for a packet to
circle the globe - meaning a high bandwidth network could achieve about 1 second average
block times.
The high throughput capacity of a Graphene-based blockchain is due to a number of
architectural specifications modelled after the LMAX (online FX trading) exchange, which has
4
achieved upwards of 6 million transactions per second (TPS).
Some of these highly
streamlined design parameters include the 
limiting of the core business logic to a single thread,
the removing of cryptographic operations (hashes and signatures) from the core business logic,
the division of validation into state-dependent and state-independent checks, the use of an
5
object oriented data model, and keeping databases memory-resident.
Adding new features to a Graphene blockchain requires stakeholder approval, but this process
is a largely seamless experience for users because most will use the lightweight or hosted
clients, and only full nodes are required to upgrade. On the BitShares network, for example,
hard forks usually take a few hours and disruption for most users is minimal to none.













Native Smart Contracts
Here is what Daniel Larimer, lead developer for Graphene, says about running Smart Contracts
on Graphene:

The BitShares Decentralized Asset Exchange uses an order matching algorithm which is a
6
wonderful example of one such natively supported smart contract.
This feature allows buy
and sell orders between users to be filled instantly and has been proven in stress tests to
7
handle thousands of unique transactions per second.
Furthermore, we can use the analogy 
of
opening and filling orders within a marketplace to describe Peerplays 
player matching - the
operation through which players interact with one another using the gaming tournament smart
contracts.
To begin the process, each player opens an order which is then accepted and filled by the
appropriate on-chain smart contract. The smart contract then matches pairs or groups of
players together, arbitrates the terms and rules of the game between players and releases the
funds to the winner. We have coined the term 
Peerplays Marketplace
to describe this feature.
Step 1: A Player opens/broadcasts an 
Offer to Contract
, henceforth referred to as OTC,
into the Peerplays Marketplace. Each OTC contains the appropriate funds to buy-in to
the desired game, as well as other data required to define the terms in which he wishes
to engage in the desired game or tournament.
Step 2:
OTCs are matched by a player matching (order matching) algorithm.

Step 3: After players are matched, game play begins and players voluntarily interact
(compete) with each other to fulfill the conditions set forth by the rules of the particular
game or tournament and their agreement with the Smart Contract.
Step 4: Funds are unlocked by the Smart Contract and sent to the winner, minus any
fees which the blockchain automatically distributes to the appropriate places via profit
sharing (section 4).
Additionally, an essential element for most games on Peerplays includes the on-chain Random
Number Generator (RNG) and shuffle program which can generate numbers which are then
encrypted to a players private/public key pairing and published on the blockchain. Players are
then able to publish or reveal blinded cryptographic signatures to prove their positions or
holdings in the game, and fast and reliable block times means they can do so with the speed
and frequency necessary to facilitate real-time gameplay for on-chain casino card games,
popular board games, and other games of skill.

Provably Fair Gaming
Peerplays is a universally auditable platform. All smart contracts are written in open-source
code, so it is easy to verify that they are functioning as advertised. By broadcasting an OTC,
each player essentially enters into an arbitration agreement with the blockchain, after which
time their only recourse is to follow the rules. The release of escrowed funds is always
dependent on voluntary moves (or lack thereof) on the part of each player, so failure to perform
these actions in a timely manner, or failure to produce the winning hand automatically
removes a players eligibility to receive the jackpot payout.
By way of explanation, let us create a hypothetical game called 
High Card
. Here are the rules of
this game:
Two players place an initial wager (ante), and then each is dealt a single card from a 52 card
deck. After each player looks at her card, a round of betting ensues, or either player can fold. If
both remain, then each reveals their card and the highest card wins. (Note: suits would also
have to be ranked from high to low, for example diamonds low, then clubs, then hearts, and
then spades high.)
To play this game on Peerplays, each player opens an OTC for the game which includes the
appropriate ante. After they are matched, the smart contract locks up their funds and the RNG

deals each of them a card face down - meaning each players card is published on the
blockchain but encrypted to their private/public key pair.
Then, they are each be able to view their individual cards without revealing it to the other, and
make their decisions on whether to bet or fold. Betting involves sending additional funds to the
smart contract to escrow. If either player folds, then the smart contract releases the funds to
the other player. If one bets and the other calls, or if both pass on the round of betting, then it
is time to reveal the cards.
To do this, each user must publish the decrypted version of their secret, which can then be
proved to be equal to the encrypted version by re-encrypting it with their public key. This
proof is validated automatically by the blockchain code when the user publishes the
decrypted version. The smart contract then awards the funds to the player with the higher card.
If either player fails to reveal their proof within a certain time limit, they automatically forfeit the
jackpot.
At launch, Peerplays will allow players to choose single-elimination tournament brackets which
facilitate multi-player tournaments by pairing off players in head-to-head competition through a
series of rounds. The randomized player matching algorithm will prevent or greatly reduce the
ability for players to collude, and individual head-to-head games are not subject to collusion in
the same way as multi-player tables.
These are just a few of the basic tools and features which will be available on Peerplays. Using
only these functions we have outlined here, an almost unlimited variety of on-chain games can
be written and implemented.

Profit Sharing
The Peerplays network earns revenue from various operations like the creation and trading of
digital asset tokens by users, and the performance of certain custom operations, but most
notably from the rake - which is a percentage of each jackpot deducted as a fee. This model
allows the network to financially benefit from the trustless arbitration of each tournament and
thus prevents Peerplays from having to act as a house and bet against its users.
Every time a fee is collected, the blockchain automatically splits it into a virtual account
governed by a smart contract which distributes the fees in three directions. 
The largest
percentage is distributed at regular intervals into the accounts of Peerplays core token
holders as profit sharing. 
This means that core token holders receive a portion of every
jackpot paid in any of the 
certified wagering instruments
, along with a portion of the rest of the

network fees. Another term for the core tokens is 
Fee-Backed Assets or 
FBAs
, because they
8
entitle the holder to a portion of the fees collected by the network.The next portion is directed
towards blockchain maintenance, such as for paying block producers and fixing bugs. And the
third portion is sent to the 
Mega-Jackpot virtual accumulation account (outlined in the next
section). All of these fees and percentages are determined by the elected Peerplays Committee
members, who are voted for by the Peerplays token holders.

Theflowchartbelowexplainshowplayersfeesaredistributed
Note: Hosted clients never have control over players funds, they merely offer an access point into Peerplays.

Mega-Jackpots and PowerUp Points
Mega-Jackpot tournaments are a way for the Peerplays network to occasionally become the
sponsor of large tournament jackpots by utilizing the networks unique profit sharing
capabilities. Peerplays automatically allocates a small percentage of every network fee into a
smart contract-secured virtual account called the 
Mega-Jackpot Fund
. This smart contract
then automatically schedules and hosts Mega-Jackpot tournament events, and the funds are
unlocked and instantly transferred to the tournament winners.
PowerUp points are the user-reward tokens of the Peerplays network, and are distributed
according to win-loss records and amounts wagered, among other factors. PowerUp is the
only token accepted as the buy-in fee for Mega-Jackpot tournaments, so they will be in high
demand during Mega-Jackpot sign up periods. They are tradeable on the asset exchange, and

players can use them for purchases, rewards, or include them in sponsored Jackpot pools for
their own Custom tournaments.

Open Source GUI
Allthe operationsfor regular gameplayonPeerplayswillbeintegratedinto abasicopensource
Graphic User Interface (GUI) for a seamless user experience. This GUI will bepublished and
maintained, exposing all the basic blockchain functions including simple tools for players to
create their own buyin games, organize and host multiplayer tournaments, and buy, sell and
create tokens. It will also  supportlivegameplay for all onchain games.The user interfacewill
be translated into several languages, and will have a modified BSD licence for both personal
andcommercialuse.



Trustless Asset Exchange
As a Graphene Blockchain, Peerplays has the same asset creation and exchange features as
9 
BitShares,
enabling users to create their own tokens, and place buy and sell orders on the
internal market which are filled by the on chain order matching smart contract. They can also
transfer, buy and sell gateway tokens for popular cryptocurrencies like BTC and ETH and
price-stable 
SmartCoins from the BitShares platform from a growing number of reputable
gateway services. Players can even provide their own profitable gateway services by buying
and selling in-game assets for popular RPGs.

Wagering
The Peerplays tournament smart contract accepts any user issued token for wagering, but
charges a small fee if the tokens are not one of the 
certified wagering instruments
. These
instruments are chosen in accordance with standards of acceptable value as determined by
the committee. Certified instruments charge a 
rake fee in place of the standard registration fee,
which is automatically distributed as part of the profit sharing program. Users can also place
wagers with the Peerplays core token.

Hosted (Public) Client Portals
Hosted client portals are a way for users to access the Peerplays blockchain through their web
10
browser,
while their private keys are stored locally. They are more convenient than private
desktop clients, but like most cryptocurrency wallets they require backups to prevent

accidental loss of funds. 
Private desktop client portals operate much like lightweight wallets
that do not require the user to download a full node, but instead reference a series of trusted
public nodes. For the highest level of security, users can also run their own full node in
conjunction with the desktop client.
Operating a public hosted client portal is an opportunity for businesses to make extra income
through the referral program or by building and connecting an independent 3rd party website
to organize and host their own server-side tournaments.

Server-Side Tournament Hosting
Server-side game hosting is still a trusted and proven model in the eSports industry, and has
seen explosive growth in the past 5 years. Peerplays supports optional server-side hosting of
games while offering a variety of tools for business enhancement. For example, 
simply
connecting to Peerplays through the API allows anyone to utilize the decentralized network for
processing of wagers and jackpots 
while continuing to operate an independent website.
Peerplays customizable tournament management smart contract lets any game publisher,
advertiser, tournament host or vendor create their own 
tournament structures, fee schedules,
and wager collection & distribution methods for any off-chain (server hosted) game in the
world. And 
gaming partners can offer additional benefits and perks to users by designing their
own custom GUI or even by simply hosting the basic open-source Peerplays GUI on a public
server.
Peerplays also has a blockchain guaranteed referral program which automatically 
pays a
percentage of lifetime revenue for each new player referred to the network, which means
businesses can earn major kickbacks 
by plugging into Peerplays and getting all their existing
users to sign up for a Peerplays account.

Conclusion
Peerplays offers a unique value proposition to both end users and existing businesses. By
combining provably fair gaming with a decentralized blockchain-based wagering, Peerplays
effectively tackles several key industry challenges while offering strong incentives for existing
gaming platforms to integrate. Overall, the platform is well equipped for future growth and
adaptation to changing market conditions due to its next-generation voting and consensus
mechanisms, and is strongly positioned to become the premiere go-to provider for blockchain
based solutions in the online gaming industry.

References










[1] 
http://www.pokersites.com/defunct

[2]
http://www.gamblingsites.com/onlinegamblingjurisdictions/

[3]
https://bitshares.org/blog/2015/06/08/measuringperformance/

[4]
http://martinfowler.com/articles/lmax.html

[5]
https://bitshares.org/zh/technology/highperformanceandscalability/

[6]
http://docs.bitshares.org/bitshares/user/dex.html

[7]
https://bitsharestalk.org/index.php/topic,18684.0.html

[8]
https://github.com/bitshares/bsips/blob/master/bsip0007.md

[9]
https://docs.bitshares.org/bitshares/user/assets.html

[10]
https://github.com/bitshares/web_wallet





White Paper
2017 | Ver 1.0

The purpose of this paper is to
describe the concept of an international blockchain* lottery,
its principles and the business
rules which support its technical implementation, as well the
prize fund constitution, the marketing plan including the referral program, and the Token sale.
It will address all relevant aspects
related to the development, promotion and operation of the system in the international market.

*  A blockchain is a distributed database that maintains a continuously growing list of ordered records called blocks.
By design, blockchains are inherently resistant to modification of the data  once recorded, the data in a block cannot
be altered retroactively. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockchain

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

2

Summary........................................................................................................... 4
1. Introduction................................................................................................... 5
Gambling market overview............................................................................... 5
Blockchain technology in online gambling ..................................................... 7
Mission.............................................................................................................. 9
2. Operating scheme....................................................................................... 10
How does the draw take place and why is it transparent?........................... 10
Distribution of the prize fund.......................................................................... 11
3. Business model........................................................................................... 12
4. Marketing strategy...................................................................................... 13
5. Roadmap...................................................................................................... 14
6. Token Sale................................................................................................... 15
Why do we still need to sell Tokens? ............................................................. 15
ICO details....................................................................................................... 15
Raised funds distribution................................................................................ 17

Table
of contents

Escrow of the Token Sale funds..................................................................... 18
7. Token investment attractiveness............................................................... 19
8. Token technical aspects............................................................................ 22
Token smart contract functionality............................................................... 22
Token sale technical aspects........................................................................ 23
Rewards payouts............................................................................................ 23
Voting with tokens........................................................................................... 24
Lottery transparency ...................................................................................... 24
9. Lottery features........................................................................................... 25
Test period....................................................................................................... 25
Jackpot: increase and release....................................................................... 25
Calculation....................................................................................................... 25
Methods of depositing.................................................................................... 26
Payouts of winning.......................................................................................... 26
10. Further development roadmap introducing 3 new lotteries  27
11. The Project team...................................................................................... 29
Management.................................................................................................. 29
Developers...................................................................................................... 30
Marketing......................................................................................................... 31
Project advisors.............................................................................................. 31
12. Privacy...................................................................................................... 32
13. Conclusion ............................................................................................... 33
References...................................................................................................... 33

Summary
True Flip is a blockchain lottery platform. We have already developed a bitcoin-based and fair-proof lottery
6/49 (Powerball*) and plan to make at least 3 more lottery games. It is the first stage of the development and
we have done half the work already.
In order to fulfill our mission in the best possible way we are making the whole lottery fully transparent: every
ticket sold, every win, all the token holder rewards distributed and financial results will be published on the
blockchain.
The second goal is to make True Flip platform as decentralized as virtually possible. We also intend to use
decentralized hosting and multiple data centers so that discontinuation of one of them would have no effect
on the platform in general.
The third, probably the most ambitious goal is to create a platform which could be used by private companies,
charitable foundations and even governments to set up any kind of lotteries. Further details are set forth in
this Whitepaper.
As the first step, we plan to create True Flip tokens which will grant their holders an access to daily rewards
and entitle them to vote on the lotterys future development. We will also launch a Token Sale in order to
distribute 70% of all True Flip tokens within the community. The team will own 20% of the tokens to remain
motivated to keep on developing the project. The remaining 10% will be used to pay for advisers, escrow and
bounty services. All unsold tokens will be burned.
There will be 21`000`000 of the TFL Tokens issued at the rate of 0.0005 BTC per 1 Token. During the ICO
14`700`000 Tokens will be put on sale. 10 to 15% of the ticket sales revenues will be proportionally distributed
between all the TFL Token holders.
True Flip Group SRL is incorporated in Costa Rica, which officially allows online gambling.
Trueflip.io website contains Terms & conditions, Public offer, Privacy Policy and Referral System Agreement.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

4

1. Introduction
Gambling market overview
According to H2 Gambling Capital (www.h2gc.com), the casino business was a major revenue contributor to
the offline gambling market in 2016. In money equivalent, it accounted for $132.8 billion with a 37% market
share. The lottery segment occupied 30.9% (or $111 billion), followed by slot machines with 19.3% (or $69.4
billion).

Income structure of global offline gambling business
in 2016 (bln US Dollars and %)

3

10
19

37

Bingo $9.6 / 3%
Betting $36.5 / 10%
Slot machines $69.4 / 19%
Lottery $111.0 / 31%
Casino $132.8 / 37%

31

When it comes to the online gambling market, there were certain differences. The leader was Betting, with a
48.7% market share ($21.4 billion). It was followed by casino business and lotteries. Each with 26.8% ($11.8
billion) and 8.8% ($3.85 billion), respectively.
As online lottery has an added value and low market share in comparison to offline lottery, it seems that this
segment has strong market potential in the future.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

5

1. Introduction
Income structure of global online gambling business
in 2016 (billion US Dollars and %)

5

5

6

9

27

Bingo $2 / 5%
Logical $2.2 / 5%
Poker $2.75 / 6%
Lottery $3.85 / 9%
Casino $11.8 / 27%
Betting $21.4 / 49%

49

As a result, the size of offline gambling market accounted for $359.3 billion in 2016, while online gambling market was $44 billion. As can be seen from the graph below, both offline and online markets are gradually growing. It is notable that online gambling is increasing with a higher growth rate in comparison with offline one.
According to the H2 Gambling Capital forecast, the offline gambling industry will occupy only 11.5% of the
overall market revenue, whereas online one will keep increasing in the future. It is expected that revenues from
the online gambling market will exceed $60 billion by 2020, at a compound annual growth rate of around 10%.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

6

1. Introduction
Income of offline and online gambling (billion us dollars)
400
360

337,4

364,7

357,2

350

367,8

359,3

353,5

320
280
240
200
160
120
80
40
0

2011

32,1

29

26,4
2012

2013

Offline

35,9

2014

44

39,6

2015

2016

47,4

2017

Online

Blockchain technology in online gambling
Cryptocurrencies quickly seize the online gambling market, turning into the most popular means of payment
among gambling sites. Until recently, only several resources accepted Bitcoins, but today its integration into
payment systems has become ubiquitous.
Many participants of the online gambling market believe that the cryptocurrencies will continue to occupy this
industry. This mostly happens due to its lower regulators control relative to fiat money for both players and
online operators. Other advantages include:
- no need to identify users;
- no restrictions on the amount of transactions;
- acceleration of payments;
- lowering the minimum payment threshold.
It looks like cryptocurrencies are turning into the most reliable, transparent and profitable medium of circulation for the online gambling industry. Soon the online casinos on blockchain will become as familiar as the
Internet.
With the advent of blockchain technology, which gives transparency and cross-border dimension to the whole
industry, it became possible to make an honest international lottery. Moreover, thanks to the new trend of
smart contracts for Ethereum, this lottery can belong to the community and not to a handful of stakeholders.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

7

1. Introduction
So, when we talk about a lottery based on blockchain technology, we are talking about linking the wide lottery
participation in the whole gambling market to the constant and significant growth of Bitcoins* share in the
global financial market.

Fif th of population
par take in lot teries

Bitcoin market capitalization
is $21.1 bln. 150% grow th in
2016

$12.5 Million bitcoin
wallets registered
on Blockhain.info

$218 bln. spent on
lot teries throughout
the world in 2016

Combined, those trends bring about brand new opportunities for online gambling, especially considering the
increasing number of networked devices and the number of users who prefer to play online and anonymously.
Despite the turnover and the prevalence of lotteries as one of the most important games in the world, there are
numerous problems concerning fair play due to the issues surrounding the raffles and the awards.
As was mentioned above, presently a large number of issues involving prize distribution and fairness of raffles
are observed, which becomes even worse when associated with the difficulty of receiving the prize and the
high fees and taxes involved.
However, with the massive use of blockchain technology, we finally have the opportunity to solve these old
problems, bringing about the complete and total transparency of all the operations involving the True Flip platform as the main change and the most important advantage.
On True Flip platform, all lottery issues such as ticket purchase, random number generation for betting and
draws, prize fund composition, prize tickets verification, prize distribution and other operations are 100% implemented using blockchain technology and open source code available on GitHub**. TrueFlip token (TFL)
holders are entitled to enforce any changes suggested for the platform.

*  Bitcoin is both a cryptocurrency and an electronic payment system invented by an unidentified programmer, or
group of programmers, under the name of Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin was introduced on 31 October 2008 to a cryptography mailing list, and released as open-source software in 2009. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin
**  https://github.com/TrueFlip/prizecounter/blob/master/algorithm.py

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

8

1. Introduction
Mission
Lotteries give a chance to dramatically change ones life for the better. This chance has always drawn the
attention of millions of people around the world for the past 500 years, giving them hope to improve their
financial condition.
True Flips goal is to become the most popular and transparent blockchain lottery that belongs to international
community and offers the biggest Jackpot in the world.
Most of currently existing lotteries are totally centralized or even held by governments and are hardly transparent. Our mission is to build True Flip as a provably fair and decentralized lottery platform that neither any
nation state, nor a single authority, nor members of our team could control.

We also take into account the following points on the way to our goal:
- Online gambling is recognized as the fastest-growing sector in the industry;
- The synergy of the cryptocurrencies and gambling market opens up new opportunities for projects in this
industry;
- The size of the lottery market in the offline sector is about  100 billion, while in the online sector it is only
about  3.5 billion;
- By combining the advantages of Blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies (as a means of payment), we
will be able to seize the market share from classic lotteries by turning their disadvantages into our possibilities.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

9

2. Operating scheme
True Flip is the international anonymous lottery based on the blockchain technology with instant payouts and
the source code of the winning combination is publicly available.
Our game looks the same as any ordinary lottery (for example Powerball): you guess five numbers between
1 and 49 and one number between 1 and 26. We decided to significantly increase the probability of winning
by reducing the total quantity of numbers from 75 to 49, which makes the chance of winning 1.3 times higher
than in Powerball. After that, our system randomly draws six numbered balls and the whole process is totally
transparent.
However, these are all similarities to classic lotteries. Our advantage comes from the fact that our lottery is
fully based on Bitcoin blockchain. Everything concerning draw process must be transparent to every user and
exclude any possibility of meddling with results. We applied those advanced IT technologies to completely
overhaul the rules of the game that had not seen any major changes for almost 500 years. Our goal is to make
it more convenient, open, fair, and valuable.

How does the draw take place and why is it transparent?
The Trueflip.io lottery system works by taking the first block in blockchain which fits in the technical requirements that appears after 8:00 p.m. UTC (which is impossible to know in advance, because last ticket for the
draw cannot be purchased after 7:30 p.m. UTC) and plugs it into the algorithm, which can be found on Github,
to generate the six numbers for the upcoming drawing. This process repeats for every draw at 8:00 p.m. every
day. The full explanation about the process can be watched on Youtube* or read in an article in Trueflips official Medium Blog **.
Because it is a lottery based on blockchain, it is possible to obtain several advantages, applying advanced
technologies to completely transform the way the game is processed:
-	

Any person from any place in the world should be able to sign in to our lottery without providing any

private information;
-	

The draw process is operated by open-source software. This excludes any possibility of the projects

team of interfering with the draw process.;
-	

Prize payouts are executed instantly, no third parties involved. All payments are shown in the open

blockchain ledger and any player may make sure that weve given all prizes in full concordance with lottery
rules.
-	

All transactions are reflected in the open registry (blockchain) and any user can monitor payment pro-

cessing all the time.
With that, one needs no ID, licence, or registration to work with Bitcoin - its enough just to create a wallet (on
Blockchain.info, for example). In fact, the Bitcoin network is accessible to everybody connected to the Internet. This monetary system, as well as our lottery which is Bitcoin-based and works pursuant to the same rules,
is one of the most friendly and open technologies today.

*  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUeULQ7BxXI
**  https://medium.com/@trueflip/verifying-trueflip-winning-combinations-cc28a3e0e176

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

10

2. Operating scheme
All those features enable us to provide quality entertainment to any user that wants to test their luck on a
daily basis by playing in the lottery, as well as make Trueflip the number one blockchain lottery in the Bitcoin
community.

Distribution of the prize fund
The system automatically converts every payment to bitcoin and transfers funds to the prize fund of the lottery. The platform prize fund is transparent and always open for viewing due to blockchain technology, and
accounts for 60% of the ticket cost. (for more information about the distribution of the ticket sales revenue,
see the Business model section).
A bet wins when numbers of the ticket match the numbers of the winning set according to the table below.

MATCH

PRIZE

PROBABILIT Y

Jackpot

1 : 49 504 950

30% *

1 : 1 984 127

20% *

1 : 225 225

1 BTC ($2528.86)

1 : 9 014

0,5 BTC ($1264.43)

1 : 5 241

0,5 BTC ($1264.44)

1 : 374

0.025 BTC ($63.22)

1 : 210

0.005 BTC ($12.64)

1 : 73

0.003 BTC ($7.59)

1 : 46

0.001 BTC ($2.53)

2 : 49

Winnings in these categories are determined after calculation of winnings with fixed prizes. The payout fund
is the difference between the amount of the prize fund of the run and amount payable for fixed-prize winnings.
The Jackpot is initially formed at the ICO stage and is refilled by the lottery tickets being sold.
For more information about the lottery process and winnings distribution see section 9 (Lottery features).

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

11

3. Business model
TrueFlip offers a transparent business model for TFL Token holders. Every sold ticket, winnings, withdrawals,
bonuses and operational expenses will be open for every TFL token holder and recorded onto the blockchain,
so it will not change.
The main service that generates TrueFlips profits is ticket sales. The structure below shows how cash flow is
assigned to main areas of expenditures.

Marketing strategy

Ticket structure

Investors

15 000 sold tickets per day

10-15%*

15-20%*

Marketing Budget

Tickets
Fixed price 0.001 BTC

Operations

5-10%*

*  Proof of community. All decisions
will be made by token holders votings.

2%*
60%

Referral Program

JACKPOT

The ticket price comprises 0.001 BTC or its Ethereum or Litecoins equivalent. Our basic forecast suggests
15`000 sold tickets per day. This number accounts for only 0.4% of the global online-gambling market in current prices. After the launch of three new lotteries, the daily turnover in our model might reach 50`000 sold
tickets (1.3% of the world market).
After a player buys a ticket, the funds will be distributed as follows:

1.	 60% goes straight to the Jackpot
2.	 15-20%* for marketing
3.	 5-10%* for operations
4.	 2% - referral awards
5.	 10-15%* to the token holders
* This spread depends on policy, that will be agreed with all TFL token holders via voting on said issues.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

12

4. Marketing strategy
Since May 10, 2017, when our marketing strategy started, we have achieved some stats: daily traffic is more
than 35,000 visitors*, more than 18`000+ tickets played daily, and overall winning of 12.3 BTC. In order to stimulate the steady growth of the platform, users can participate in one or more specific promotion campaigns
accordingly with their user profile and the desired extent of their involvement.

Marketing plan

+

Referral program

+

Par tnership net works
450M + views ever y month

+

Worlds best bloggers

Of fline par tners

1.	 All players can spread the word about this innovative lottery platform and invite friends and other players
using their personal referral link. After your referred friends sign up on TrueFlip, both you and them get a
free ticket to start playing. Users will receive 2% of their referred players winnings on an ongoing basis
(including the Jackpot!). This feature is also implemented without human involvement and is part of the
marketing strategy called Friends Winnings. Thus, True Flip users continuously remain interested in inviting other players to the platform, because each guest ends up increasing the chances of winning in each
new draw.
2.	 Another deep marketing strategy consists in joining a partnership network, which is a technological platform connecting advertisers and partners, ensuring financial and informational interaction between them.
Any kind of business organizations get an opportunity of holding advertising campaigns online. On the
other hand, media partners get instruments for selection and deployment of advertising offers. We are also
developing a widget for quick lottery tickets purchase on the websites of our partners.
3.	 Given the importance of a well-defined marketing plan, it is impossible to ignore the increase in the number
of Internet users around the world and the effect that blogs and specialised sites have on those users. Despite the huge number of pages on the most varied platforms, the list of most influential pages practically
does not change, varying only the local classification between them. This characteristic allows us to easily
identify the most effective media to run public campaigns. We will also use the power of social networks
and their tools in our marketing strategy.
4.	 In addition, we intend to conduct various media advertising, PR-campaigns, off-line activities in different
regions and non-standard advertising through the attraction of off-line partners.Concerning the marketing
budget, it is expensive but effective to achieve 250,000+ users per day. However, this detailed plan is supported by financial resources previously set forth in the platforms fund-sharing strategy. All reports will be
fully transparent for the Token holders.
*  http://imgur.com/a/cXFiT

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

13

5. Roadmap
The True Flip platforms launch will be phased as follows:

we are here

Concept + MVP
Stage 0

3 month
development

Beta Start
Stage 1

100.000 tickets
played

Persale
Stage 2

Token sale
Stage 3

100 BTC
attracted

Target
6125 BTC

Development
and Marketing
Stage 4

Decentralizated
platform
Stage 5

3 additional lotteries
10.000.000 tickets
4Q 2017

Full transparency
1Q 2018

1.	 Development concept (more about lottery rules see here)
2.	 Beta release
3.	 Pre-ICO (more see here)
4.	 Token Sale (all about Token sale see here)
5.	 Token on exchanges (about tokens investment opportunities see here)
6.	 Development of 3 new instant lotteries and improvement of current one
(more about new lotteries see here).
7.	 Fully decentralized platform

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

14

6. Token Sale
First of all, what differs True Flips Token sale from other ICOs and Token sales is that we have already made
the product, as opposed to others who just promise to develop something in the future.

Why do we still need to sell Tokens?
Here are the main issues:
1.	

Jackpot. A lottery is interesting only if there is a BIG Jackpot. For a powerful launch we are planning to
raise 1`960 BTC for Jackpot via Token Sale campaign. This value is achieved by multiplying: 40% * TotalSaleGoal * 80%, where 40% - is a share of funds assigned for Jackpot, TotalSaleGoal  amount of money
raised during the Token Sale and 80% - is the first part of the Jackpot. The Jackpot will be secured on cold
wallets with use of multisignature escrow involving three community stakeholders, while the development
team wont have any access to this money. So when someone lucky wins the Jackpot, it will be transferred
manually.

2.	

Second Jackpot. We understand that the probability of winning the Jackpot is 1:49`504`950. But the
risk still exists, and we must ensure that we do everything we can to maximize the profitability of our investors. Therefore, we will have a second Jackpot, the size of 490 BTC, which corresponds to 20% of the funds
assigned for the Jackpot. The calculation is as follows: 40% * TotalSaleGoal * 20%. It will also be stored
on a cold wallet and use multisignature escrow involving three community stakeholders, but will only be
used if the first Jackpot is won. Thus, we minimize the risk of losing interest to our lottery if during one of
the first drawings the Jackpot will be won.

3.	

Transparency. We want to prove to the blockchain community that our game is fair. At this very moment True Flip is not 100% decentralized. Our team knows about this and has a plan on how to make True
Flip as much decentralized as virtually possible. Our next goal is to make the lottery independent of any
third-party (including the team).

4.	

Development. We plan to develop 3 (three) more lotteries based on smart contracts (more info in 16
paragraph of Whitepaper).

5.	

Marketing and PR. We understand that a project can hardly attract millions of customers without a
marketing budget. So selling TFL tokens will assemble a budget for a global marketing campaign.

ICO details
We have successfully completed the pre-ICO, in which 1`050`000 TFL tokens were sold (5% of the total
amount). The raised funds will be used to finance operations and to increase the jackpot.

Expected Token Sale commencement date: June 20th, 2017.
Issuance of TFL Tokens: 21`000`000 TFL tokens

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

15

6. Token Sale
Distribution rules

2

3

TFL token distribution rules

5
70
20

Escrow 2%
Advisers 3%
Bounty 5%
Team 20%
Crowdsale 70%

During the crowdsale, all participants of the TrueFilp ICO will be allocated a number of TFL Tokens depending on their contribution and current bonus. Once the crowdsale is over, the TrueFlip team will distribute
tokens on TFL Token smart contract.
The price of the TFL Token is 0.0005 BTC. During the ICO well be collecting the funds in Bitcoin, Ether and
Litecoin. Token Sale goal: 6`125 BTC including the bonuses.

Bonuses for early investors
30%

30%

27%
24%
20%

21%
18%
15%
12%

10%

9%
6%

5%

3%
0%

0%
1000

2000

3000

5000

6125

Sales Volume, BTC

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

16

6. Token Sale
Raised funds distribution:
We also need to implement a maximum transparency in the system by moving True Flip to a decentralized
platform and make it independent from any third parties - this task will also be financed from the funds raised
during the ICO.

Crowdsale campain
0.0005 BTC

Development

23%

20%

Marketing Budget

Tocken
12%

Operations

40%

5%

Legal

JACKPOT
1000 BTC+

80%

JACKPOT 1

JACKPOT 2

20%

20% of the Tokens assigned for the development team, remain under escrow and will be released in 3 stages:
1.	

20% will be available after Token sale;

2.	

40% will be on hold until reaching the KPI (launch of 3 new lotteries);

3.	

40% will be on hold for 1 year.

At the initial stage Tokens will be distributed between the managing team as a reward for their efforts to bring
True Flip platform to existence. In the future these Tokens can be negotiated among other partners interested
in development and growth of the project/platform.
All unsold tokens will be burned.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

17

6. Token Sale
Escrow of the Token Sale funds
Our escrows are:

	 Richard Kestelein - CEO (www.cryptoassets.io, Blockchain News, www.the-blockchain.com and www.
blockchain-partners.com).

	 George Basiladze - Founder of Cryptopay, UK bitcoin payment gateway (www.cryptopay.me)
	 Nikita Parhomenko - Co-Founder and COO of True Flip (www.trueflip.io).
Public addresses will be published right after the start of the ICO.
The raised funds will be (in a con rmation or two) transferred to a 2/3 multi-signature address, with two
of the keys held by trusted third-party individuals (Escrow). This way the funds are protected in an escrow
account that will be released in de ned cases, described below. The raised funds can only be accessed with
the consent of at least two of the three signees and when all the conditions are met.

	 Bitcoin collecting address;
	 Ethereum collecting address;
	 Litecoin collecting address.
Responsibilities of the crowdfunding escrow are as follows:

	 Veri cation of the amount and the source of funds not observable on public blockchains through documentation provided by True Flip;

	 Determining the conditions for a successful or unsuccessful crowdfund in regard to this information;
Acting in accordance with this condition to either transfer or refund wallets under partial control of an
arbitrator;

	 Recording the time and the type of arbitrator work hours (via Google doc, viewing and commenting publicly).
Decidedly not responsible for:

	 Verifying the functioning of smart contracts or technical infrastructure;
	 Conforming to or being held liable for the lawful compliance of the investment structure.
Liability:

	 Preserving wallets to the best of the arbitrators knowledge and skills (minimum are one set of redundant paper wallets and one copy of wallets offline);

	 In case of negligence to any degree, the maximum liability is the sum of those values and fees that
would otherwise be generated, through reimbursement.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

18

7. Token investment
attractiveness
Once the ICO is completed, the TFL Token will be available for trading on cryptocurrency exchanges. At the
moment, we negotiate the details with several exchanges and will announce the results as soon as the agreements are reached.
TFL Token is the main investment asset of the True Flip platform. It guarantees the Token holders a daily
bonus in BTC: 10-15% from each sold ticket will be distributed among all Token holders as dividends:

	
	
	
	
	
	

dividends are accrued daily after each draw;
dividends are paid 4 times a year according to the results of each quarter;
the amount of dividend (within 10-15% of income) is determined by the Token holders voting;
the owners of the Tokens are notified in advance of the date of payment;
to receive a dividend, the holders must park their Tokens on the lottery server;
dividends will be calculated only on the parked Tokens in proportion:

The scheme of paying dividends and determining the list of persons entitled to receive it is similar to the
mechanism used in traditional corporate practice. Therefore, we assume that the dynamics of the TFL quotes
will be affected by the calendar features in the same way as traditional stock assets - for example, there will
be dividend gap in the shares. From our point of view, this will help to increase the speculative attractiveness
of the TFL Token.

Histogram of the TFL Token dividend yield, depending on the market share:
1,40%
16%

1,20%
14%

MARKETSHARE

1,00%
11%

0,80%
9%

0,60%
7%

0,40%
5%

0,20%
2%

0,00%
0%

0.35%

2.09%

3.82%

5.56%

7.30%

9.04%

10.78%

12.51%

14.25%

15.99%

TFL Token dividend yield, in BTC

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

19

7. Token investment
attractiveness
According to the basic forecast, at the initial stage True Flip can seize up to 0.4% of the global online lotteries
market (or 0.03% of the world online gambling market), which corresponds to a daily turnover within the system at 15 BTC. In this case, the annual dividend yield of the TFL token will be approximately at 5.2-7.8% in BTC,
depending on the share of the ticket sales revenue assigned for dividend payments.

According to the optimistic forecast, at the initial stage True Flip can seize up to 1.1% of the global online
lotteries market, which corresponds to a daily turnover within the system at 50 BTC. In this case, the annual
dividend yield of the TFL token will be approximately at 17.4-26.1% in BTC, depending on the share of the ticket
sales revenue assigned for dividend payments.

From our point of view, both calculations are very conservative and do not take into account the growth potential of the whole market in general, and the potential of the True Flip platform for further expansion.

Analysis of the sensitivity of True Flip dividends to the average number of tickets sold and the share of income
assigned for dividends:

Share of the ticket sales revenue allocated for

Average annual number of tickets sold per day

10,000

30,000

50,000

100,000

200,000

10%

3,5%

10,4%

17,4%

34,8%

69,5%

11%

3,8%

11,5%

19,1%

38,2%

76,5%

12%

4,2%

12,5%

20,9%

41,7%

83,4%

13%

4,5%

13,6%

22,6%

45,2%

90,4%

14%

4,9%

14,6%

24,3%

48,7%

97,3%

15%

5,2%

15,6%

26,1%

52,1%

104,3%

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

20

7. Token investment
attractiveness
Token holders will be able to track the amount of accrued dividend with help of our Website tool Token holder panel:

Every TFL Token holder has a personal panel with all data proven by blockchain transactions:

	 TFL token amount;
	 Value of tokens;
	 % of TFL tokens about all tokens;
	 bonuses earned from sold tickets;
	 all users transactions (buy tickets, withdraw winnings, bonuses withdraw).

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

21

8. Token technical aspects
The True Flip platform implements various feedback types according to the result of an operation performed
by the system. No human involvement is required. The purchase of betting tickets is the most frequent operation in the system and any financial movement in the platform is executed in Bitcoin regardless of the form
of payment initially used. However, you can not confuse the financial system with the token implemented on
the platform.
The token allows its owner to become a partner of the worlds largest blockchain-based lottery.

TrueFlip Token (ERC-20  compatible)

TrueFlip
Team
1. Transfers dividents for distribution (ETH)

Dividents
Smart Contract

5. After finishing the dividents period requests for
dividents and tokens

6. Transfers dividents and tokens

3. Allow to transfer token (add to white list)

4. Transfers
tokens

TFL token holder

WebSite

2. Votes

Token smart contract functionality
TFL token is ERC-20-compatible smart contract on Ethereum blockchain. Following this standard means that
tokens will be easily transferable between users using existing Ethereum wallets as well as allow exchanges
smoothly integrate this token into their trading platform.TFL token will be used to distribute rewards from
ticket sales among TFL Token holders. In order to stop exchanges from getting TFL holders rewards, token
functionality is extended.
The locking feature: every user with TFL tokens will have an option to lock their tokens for a specific amount
of time. Locked tokens will be the ones participating in rewards payout. But once tokens are locked, it will not
be possible to transfer them to other users until the locking period has finished.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

22

8. Token technical aspects
Token sale technical aspects
TrueFlip token sale will use Ethereum blockchain. The structure of the sale is presented on the picture. During
the crowdsale there will be two ways to buy TFL tokens: first one is sending Ether directly to the ICO contract.
If people want to invest using other cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Litecoin or Waves to participate in the crowdsale, they would need to send their money to the founders in the dashboard, and TrueFlip backend will create
a transaction to issue new tokens.
After that, in both scenarios, ICO contract will make a contract call to the TFL Token Contract to mint new tokens and allocate them to a public address of an ICO investor. ICO contract is the only entity that will be able to
mint tokens. After the end date of the token sale or once all the tokens are sold, TrueFlip founders will issue a
transaction that will finalize the ICO. This will trigger minting the tokens for the team and prevent future tokens
from minting on the TFL Token Contract.

ICO Investor
2.Buy Tokens in
BTC/LTC/Waves
1.Buy Tokens in ETH
Transfer
ETH

Transactions
to issue tokens

TrueFlip
founders

ICO Contract

TrueFlip
multisig

Mint
token

Mint
Founders
token

TFL Token Contract

Finalize
ICO

During ICO

After ICO finishes

Rewards payouts
10-15% (the exact amount will be decided by voting) of revenue from each ticket sold will be distributed among
TFL Token holders based on the number of tokens they hold as outlined in the picture. Only locked balances
will be participating in reward payouts. As tickets are sold in Bitcoin, conversion to Ether will happen, and bonuses will be paid directly to the addresses of Token holders.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

23

8. Token technical aspects
Voting with tokens
Our team understands that investors of the TrueFlip project receive not only a share in the project, but also all
inherent business risks. Therefore, in order to reduce the risks for our investors and for optimal further development of the TrueFlip project, we have developed a voting system on key issues that will arise as the project
develops. Any owner of the TFL Tokens will be able to send their offer to the TrueFlip team using a special form
on the website.

The basic voting rules with TFL tokens:
- voting is considered to be held if there is a quorum;
- one TFL token equals to one vote;
- only the parked tokens can participate in voting;
- only two options will be available for voting: YES or NO;
- for each issue on the voting agenda, a time frame for the beginning and the end of the voting period will be
provided;
- a decision on each item on the voting agenda is made by a simple majority of votes.
Voting of the Token owners is considered to be eligible (i.e. has necessary quorum) only if the number of the
TFL Tokens that took part in the process is more than 50% of the issued TFL tokens. If there was no quorum,
new terms for re-voting on the same issues will be announced. At the same time, on the second vote of the
Tokens owners, it will be considered eligible (that is, has the necessary quorum) if the number of the TFL Tokens that took part in the process is more than 30% of the issued TFL tokens. Proposals with text descriptions
will be created as separate contracts on Ethereum blockchain. In the dashboard, Token holders will be able to
associate their address with their decision on a particular proposal. Once the voting deadline has passed, the
contract will calculate the sum of tokens on addresses for decision as well as a number of tokens against this
proposal. Once all the votes are considered, the contract will save the results of the voting process, and it will
stay forever on the Ethereum blockchain.

Lottery transparency
The lottery happens every day. The winning ticket is picked based on the hash of the first block on the bitcoin
blockchain after 20:00 UTC. It will not be possible to buy a ticket after 19:30 UTC each day. To verify that
there were no ticket purchases after that time all ticket sales will be logged in the Lottery Ethereum contract.
Logging every single purchase separately will be quite expensive. Therefore, to save on the transaction costs,
TrueFlip backend will calculate the hash of each sold ticket and then compute a root hash in a Merkle tree for
all transactions (similar to the way it is done for transactions in bitcoin blocks). This root hash will be published on the Ethereum blockchain along with other information about the current lottery. Each separate transaction will still be available through the TrueFlip platform: information about each transaction should have the
tx_hash, ticket numbers. After the winning numbers are calculated, TrueFlip backend server will log them to
the same contract. Everyone can verify the numbers, as well as all payouts on the Ethereum blockchain and
make sure there is no cheating on the platform.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

24

9. Lottery features
Test period
During the first 3 months after the ICO the jackpot will be limited to 200 BTC in order to test all the algorithms
in the system and prevent potential loss of the whole funds due to fraudulent actions. As soon as the platform
is audited to be safe, the remainder of the sum will be added.

Jackpot: increase and release
There are two jackpots in the True Flip lottery. Initially, they are created at the expense of funds raised during
the ICO: 40% of the total funds is allocated to the jackpot, 80% of which is assigned to the jackpot No. 1, and
the remaining 20% to the jackpot No. 2.
Jackpot number 2 is a reserve in case of winning the jackpot number 1. It is not refilled by revenue from the
sale of lottery tickets.
Jackpot number 1 - the main, it is played daily and is increased by selling lottery tickets.
If the jackpot is not raffled in the current draw, then the funds from the current jackpot are going to increase
the next. Thus, the Jackpot is growing constantly until the moment when someone wins it.
The platform keeps an archive of draws with the whole history and jackpot amounts for each raffle.
In case of winning jackpot 1, jackpot number 2 becomes the main one. At the same time, a new reserve jackpot
is created. Revenues from the lottery tickets sales are distributed in a ratio of 80:20 to the main and reserve
jackpot correspondingly.

Calculation
The mathematics of the lottery was developed by Felix Sidokhin.
The process of determination of the winning set has 3 stages:

	 Ticket sale for the current run ends 60 minutes before 8:00 p.m. (UTC);
	 At 8:00 p.m. (UTC), the first hash of transactions accessible for everybody on blockchain.info is taken and
this hash cannot be previously predicted;

	 This hash is incorporated into the algorithm that forms 6 numbers based on the arithmetic action. The
source code of the algorithm is open , and anybody can check and repeat calculations.
True Flip platform algorithm is clear and very comprehensible, and it is possible to understand how a winning
combination is generated following the simple steps below:

- Step 1: After the draw closes, the system waits for the next hash in the blockchain
- Step 2: Suppose this is the hash received by the system:
0000000000000000005867634c363284caf01ce5dd2d6e2a6c2ab26030f33493

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

25

9. Lottery features
- Step 3:

This hash is then broken into sequences of 4 (four) characters, starting from the tail, and trans-

formed into a number using NHEX base 16:

0000 0000 0000 0000 0058 6763 4c36 3284 caf0 1ce5 dd2d 6e2a 6c2a b260 30f3 3493
(3493)16 = (13459)10

- Step 4: The found number (13459) is then divided by module of 49 (or 26 in the last iteration) and the remainder is taken as one of the balls:

13459 mod 49 = 274 * 49 + 33
(hence the first ball is 33)

- Step 5: The system repeats this iteration 5 times and discards numbers which are already in the set (for
the golden ball we simply use mod 26 instead of mod 49)
In case of doubts or just out of curiosity, the algorithm can be tested on TrueFlip website at
http://trueflip.io/check-honesty?lang=en.

Methods of depositing
True Flip platform also incorporates multiple payment methods, so every user has a chance to play the game.
As True Flip wants to be an international company and its founders realize that not every person has Bitcoins,
they decided to add multiple payment processors to the payment method in the hopes to increase the number of people playing. Aside from bitcoin, these payment methods include Ether, Litecoins, Waves and other
cryptocurrencies.
Since True Flip just entered its beta-testing phase, the number of available currencies is limited. However,
TrueFlips dedicated development team is working on an in-house exchange to work with a wide range of tradable cryptocurrencies (altcoins), like Ethereum and Litecoins.

Payouts of winning
Benefiting from the Bitcoin network features, when a ticket wins, the amount is instantly transferred to the
users wallets under their accounts. Further, users may:

	 send Bitcoins to their personal wallets in any other system and convert Bitcoins to any currency
of their choosing;

	 send Bitcoins directly to the exchange services and then convert to any currency;
	 use True Flip account for any Bitcoin expenses (the address of your True Flip wallet is the same
as in any other system).

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

26

10. Further development roadmap:
introducing 3 new lotteries
8+1 (takes place every 15 min)
You need to guess 8 numbers out of 20 and 1 out of 4 to win the Super Prize

Bet and winnings table:

You have
guessed numbers in the first
field (1-20)

You have
guessed
numbers in the
second field
(1-4)

8

Super prize (min 1,5 BTC)
1 bet in second
field (ticket
price 0,0005
BTC)

2 bets in second field (ticket
price 0,001
BTC)

3 bets in second field (ticket
price 0,0015
BTC)

4 bets in second field (ticket
price 0,002
BTC)

1

Super Prize!

Super Prize! + 0,5
BTC

Super Prize! + 1
BTC

Super Prize! + 1,5
BTC

8

0

0.5

1

1.5

-

7

1

0.075

0.125

0.175

0.225

7

0

0.025

0.05

0.075

-

6

1

0.015

0.025

0.035

0.045

6

0

0.005

0.01

0.015

-

5

1

0.002

0.004

0.006

0.008

5

0

0.001

0.002

0.003

-

4

1

Ticket price 0,0005

Option to increase winnings by multiplying a bet

12/24 (take place every 15 min)
Try to guess 12 out of 24 number. You will win super prize if you succeed with 12 numbers or none of your 12
numbers you have choosen didnt get in the draw!

Bet and winnings table:
You guessed

Super prize!
(min 1,5 BTC)

0

12

1

11

btc0.1

10

btc0.01

3

9

btc0.0025

4

8

btc0.0005

2

or

Option to increase winnings by multiplying a bet

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

27

10. Further development roadmap:
introducing 3 new lotteries
Flip flop
Instant lottery, in which a person erases 1 of 2 or 3 tickets at every step (depends on difficulty level) and, in
case of luck, can either move on or fix a profit.

Prize

Step
10

btc0.00373

$8.96

$8,958

9

btc0.00187

$4.48

$4,479

8

btc0.00093

$2.24

$2,239

7

btc0.00047

$1.12

$1,120

6

btc0.00026

$0.62

$622

5

btc0.00014

$0.35

$346

4

btc0.00008

$0.19

$192

3

btc0.00004

$0.10

$96

2

btc0.00002

$0.05

$48

1

btc0.00001

$0.02

$24

Bet

btc0.00001

$0.02

$24

Bet can be muliplied up to x1000 times

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

28

11. The Project team
Our team is international: Canada, Russia, Brazil, China, Japan and other countries. We have great experience
in product development (more than 12 years). Core developers are well experienced in blockchain. Also we
are working to engage some well-known community members in our advisory board and as escrow holders
keeping the token sale funds. Right now we are redesigning our Token Sale page and will publish more info
about team members: who we are and what weve already achieved.

Management

Nikita Parhomenko
COO True Flip
Nikita Parkhomenko is a COO of True Flip. Previously, he was
a CEO in the 7 Pikes Inc. company, engaged in the software
development for large pharmaceutical companies. Before
that he was the head of the large online retail companies
like Piluli.ru and eApteka.ru (TOP 1 in online pharmaceutical
market). Has experience of creating startups since 2004.
Graduated from the Higher School of Economics in 2008.

Daniil Andrianov
CFO True Flip
Daniil held executive positions in companies such as Partmedia Agency and Part Group. He was the head of the innovation center at the University of Bauman. Graduated from
British Higher School of Design.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

29

11. The Project team
Developers

Felix Sidokhin
Lead Developer
Felix Sidokhin is the founder and developer of QuantAce Inc., which
develops algorithmic trading systems on exchanges. Graduated with
a masters degree in mathematics from Concordia University.

Nikita Ivanov
Lead Developer
Specializes in working with web-interface. He was the head of the department at CIO Kidstore.ru

Oleg Skorbatyuk
Specialist in IT infrastructure
Oleg Skorbatyuk has been developing IT systems since 2011. Specializes in working with SQL, SharePoint, PHP. He worked in such companies as Lizar Soft, Web Format LLC and Finport Technologies Inc.
Graduated from Kiev National Taras Shevchenko University.

Vladimir Feoktistov
Specialist in IT infrastructure

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

30

11. The Project team
Marketing

Konstantin Katsev
Marketing/IR
Konstantin Katsev is a co-founder and specialist in marketing and project
promotion. Successfully implemented the minex.io project in which he was a
co-founder.

Project advisors

Eric Benz
CEO Cryptopay
Founder and CEO of the popular service cryptopay.me. Developed and implemented an improved bitcoin-wallet, which allows to easily exchange bitcoins to
fiat money.

George Basiladze
Founder Cryptopay
Experienced professional with PE/VC and corporate finance background, passionate on starting new ventures or act as an adviser for founders regarding
strategy, business modeling, valuation, fundraising.

Pavel Kinchikov
Deputy Group CEO
Media Instinct Group, Stockholm School of Economics

Jason Cassidy
Vice Chairman of the Board at Blockchain Association of Canada
A builder of networks, a curator of knowledge and most importantly, an emissary of happiness.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

31

12. Privacy
Privacy is of utmost importance for Blockchain and Bitcoin communities, and it couldnt be different TrueFlip
Platform. We recognize the significance of protecting information which is stored or is intended to be stored
on our system.
We dont store any kind of information which relates to an individual, that is any information relating to an
identified or identifiable natural person, sometimes called a data subject, and have made privacy protection
and confidentiality a fundamental component of our business model.
Our Privacy Policy informs of the ways we ensure privacy and the confidentiality of personal data and, even
more, the anonymity of our users. We are always in compliance with applicable privacy laws in the countries
in which we operate.
Privacy policies also describes the information we gather, how we may use those data and the circumstances
under which we may disclose such information to third parties.

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

32

13. Conclusion
This document presents in great part the technological and marketing strategies planned and adopted with
the objective of perfecting and maintaining the continuous development of TrueFlip Platform. The extensive
use of both Blockchain technologies brings about unique features to the system presented herein, catapulting TrueFlip lottery to a whole new level of reliability and process management. Due to the available level of
automation and reliability this platform is an unparalleled investment opportunity for those who believe in
the advances brought about by the technology that underlies this project, and those who have decided to join
TrueFlip during its early stages (pre-ICO and ICO).

References
https://bitcoin.org
https://github.com/TrueFlip/prizecounter
http://trueflip.io/?lang=en
http://trueflip.io/ico
https://trueflip.io/info/privacy-policy?lang=en

 2017 True Flip White Paper (Ver 1.0)

33

www.trueflip.io

A CROWDSOURCED
LIVE MUSIC ECOSYSTEM
AND A BLOCKCHAIN-BASED
MARKETPLACE WHERE
ANYONE CAN PARTICIPATE

Everything around you that you call life
was made up by people that were no
smarter than you and you can change it,
you can influence it, you can build your
own things that other people can use.
Once you learn that, youll never be the
same again.
Steve Jobs

1.	ABSTRACT

This paper describes the crowdsourced booking and payment platform for the live music
industry that will ultimately be scaled to all live creative engagements. Based on the
Ethereum platform, it utilizes smart contracts that solve decades-old problems that live
performers have with getting demand, determining their value/price, negotiating terms,
executing agreements and getting paid. Its main pillars are an innovative database of
millions of artist profiles, ranked according to social media popularity; a tokenized incentive
program for musicians fans; a talent booking process; and a blockchain-based contract
and payment system.
The paper explains two main parts:
	
The core focus of the service: live music ecosystem database
	
and a live music marketplace, and
	
the implementation of the blockchain technology and the Viberate token (VIB).

2.	 MISSION STATEMENT

We are focused on giving every musician on the planet an equal opportunity to get into
the spotlight, no matter if they are a garage band or a stadium rock star. Good musicians
need good representation, and we are here to do the job.

3.	VISION

Our vision is to revolutionize the way musicians are presented and booked as well as to
open the world of live music to anyone who wants to participate in it by decentralizing
discovery and booking processes with the use of the blockchain technology.

4.	PROBLEM

Music can be roughly divided into two parts: recorded and live music. While the recorded
part has become a showcase for the digital economy with Apples iTunes and streaming
services, such as Spotify and Pandora, the live music market has stayed the same for
decades if not from the very beginning. Viberate is going to change that  just like Uber
changed taxis, Airbnb changed room renting and Netflix changed TV.
The live music industry is heavily centralized and controlled by a few major talent agencies,
who look after professional musicians. Their agents sell performances of their clients to
event organizers. Having an agent is a crucial component of every professional musicians
career, and his role as a salesperson is to sell as many good gigs as possible while making
sure that the musician gets paid.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

Such a high level of centralization generates profits only for a small group of people,
while the majority of others, involved in the live music industry, are left struggling. Small,
independent music enterprises such as underground clubs, labels and local event
organizers are bullied out of the business by big, often even corrupt, corporations on
a daily basis. This represents a dooming effect on the cultural diversity of mankind. The
preservation of independent creative engagements is a crucial driving force for maintaining
our creative spirits that define us as people.
The live music markets demand side is represented by the event organizers while the
supply side is represented by musicians.

4.1.
SUPPLY SIDE:
MUSICIANS

4.2.
DEMAND SIDE:
EVENT ORGANIZERS

Musicians need agents in order to land enough gigs to make a living, and most of the
musicians dont stand a chance of getting spotted. Only a fraction of a percent of all the
worlds musicians have proper representation and are lucky enough to have music as their
primary source of income. The rest are left on their own, struggling with exposure in a
heavily saturated market, dealing with marketing, sales, networking, legal, taxation and debt
collection issues instead of focusing on the creative part of the music business. Many
times those artists dont work with contracts, are often not compensated for their work, or
dont have the option of working legally at all (ex. cash payments, tax evasion).
Absence of a powerful and honest intermediary often means trouble for the artist in any
of the aforementioned fields. There is a clear need for an entity that would effectively and
safely represent all those who dont have a privilege of an agent. Blockchain technology
offers the best tools for this task.
On the demand side, we have the event organizers. They need to be on top of trends in live
music and are constantly on the hunt for interesting musicians to fill the lineup. A good
event organizer in a busy city can organize up to three or four events weekly with several
musicians on the lineup. Such frequency soon leads to the organizer not knowing who to
book next. An event organizers product is a ticket, and their primary goal is to sell as many
tickets as possible. To do this they need a good program and a good ticket sales channel.
Also, when booking musicians that dont have an agent or a company representing them,
organizers might have a problem with issuing payments unless they agree to pay in cash,
which is often illegal from a tax perspective. Dealing with low profile musicians can also
result in problems like no-shows, poor performance and other issues related to a poorly
organized booking process and lack of clear and thorough contracts.
There have been numerous blockchain-based solutions for recorded music, but no one has
focused on the live segment. Until now.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

Our end game is to disrupt the music
industry as we know it by becoming the
biggest global talent marketplace.

5.	VIBERATE

Viberate is a platform that joins the entire live music ecosystem under one roof. Currently it
acts as IMDB for live music, where profiles are ranked according to their online popularity. It
is built and curated by the Viberate user community. Our end game is to disrupt the music
industry as we know it  by becoming the biggest global talent marketplace.
Viberates database, community, holistic approach and marketplace features are the four
elements that make its service unique and revolutionary.

5.1.
THE BIGGEST CURATED
LIVE MUSIC DATABASE
IN THE WORLD

The foundations of our extensive musician database go all the way back to our pilot project,
a simple ranking service for DJs. We started off as a directory of no more than a couple
of thousand DJs, but soon grew into a massive database of over 50,000 musicians. Over
the years weve expanded to all music genres and upgraded our database to 120,000
musicians, 40,000 music venues and 60,000 events.
Since anyone can contribute towards our growth, the database is growing on a daily basis,
and at that rate, we plan to gradually grow towards millions of entities from all around the
world.

The profiles are updated daily from a variety of social media and streaming channels,
ticketing services and online artist calendars.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

The profiles feature:
	
official social media links
	
user ratings
	
daily updated stats from all major social media and streaming channels,
	
including fan growth, user engagement and fan geo distribution
	
recent content (audio, video, photos)
	
gig dates with ticket links
	
contact info
Where applicable, the profiles feature contact forms, where visitors can contact agents,
managers or artists directly with business inquiries.

5.2.
A DECENTRALIZED
COMMUNITY-BASED
SERVICE, FUELED BY
THE VIBERATE
TOKEN (VIB)

Viberate has always been decentralized in its core. The database has always been open to
the public, so anyone could add new artists. We managed to build the database we have
today with the help of over 50,000 contributors and we will always keep it open for anyone
to take part in maintaining its relevance.
Such a level of decentralization allows Viberate to be on top of rapidly moving trends in the
music industry. Using the blockchain technology to crowdsource the curating process of
the information in musician, venue and event profiles is the only reasonable and rational
way to keep the database up to date and relevant.

COMMUNITY CONTRIBUTES TO VIBERATE

VIBERATE GROWS

COMMUNITY GETS REWARDED

Those 50,000 Viberate contributors didnt get anything in return for their contributions.
Now the blockchain technology allows us to reward them for their work with Viberate
tokens (VIBs) from our bounty allocation.
The VIB represents the atomic unit of our crowdsourced concept, and the services growth
and relevance depends on it.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

The VIB will become a go-to currency for the music industry as a whole. Besides using the
tokens on the Viberate platform, there will also be an array of smart contracts connected
with the music industry where VIBs will be used as a core currency (see chapters 5.4.2 and
5.4.3 for more details).

5.2.1.
REWARDED
ACTIONS

5.2.2.
SOURCING
DYNAMICS

5.2.3.
REWARDING
DYNAMICS

5.3.
THE ENTIRE
MUSIC ECOSYSTEM
IN ONE PLACE

Contributors are rewarded for the following actions:
	
registering to the service (welcome award)
	
referring friends
	
promoting the service
	
adding new profiles into the database
	
(points credited when the profile is verified by the editorial team)
	
curating existing profiles
	
(points credited when the suggested change is accepted by the editorial team)
	
writing editorial content
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

Initially, the bounty pool will be sourced upon ICO
with 5% of all issued tokens (10,000,000 VIB).
For the first 2,000 days, we will distribute 5,000 tokens daily among contributors.
Additionally, the pool will later be funded by different streams, but never from issuing 	
new tokens.
Such dynamics allow for the uninterrupted supply of new tokens into the bounty fund
and at the same time positively influences the trading volume and liquidity of the VIB
on exchanges.
Each rewarded action will be assigned a fixed amount of points.
At the end of each 24-hour period, the accrued points will be exchanged into
VIBs at the daily exchange rate.
The exchange rate will be calculated according to the number of rewarded actions
in the respective period with a formula. The total daily VIB budget will be divided
by the number of rewarded actions for that day.
After the exchange, VIB tokens will be credited to each users wallet and the user will
be able to redeem them for concert tickets and merchandize or exchange them for
other cryptocurrencies in exchanges that will list the VIB.

We see the music ecosystem as a network of:
	musicians
	
music venues
	
event organizers and events
	
booking agencies

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

EVENT ORGANIZER

EVENTS

MUSICIANS/
PERFORMER

BOOKING
AGENCIES

VENUES

Viberate features their profiles and offers tools for all of them. Being a part of this online
ecosystem allows these entities to easily expose either to the general public or to a targeted
audience. Profiles are also equipped with contact information that enables users to engage
among themselves and thus pursue different business opportunities, which makes Viberate
a perfect networking tool and business platform.
To make exploring through the ecosystem easier and more efficient, profiles are listed
in customizable charts. Visitors can use genre, country or social media filters to find the
perfect match  whether it is a musician for a Friday nights private party, a local club, or a
festival they are interested in.
Profiles are ranked according to their social media popularity. Social media and streaming
site analytics are processed by our own powerful analytics engine, capable of analyzing
billions of data points daily. It taps into public and private APIs of analyzed channels, and
processes and saves the data about online fan following and engagement for each of the
profiles. Data is then compared with the previous period and shown in simple graphs, so
users can easily determine whos on the rise and whos fading away.
This way Viberate offers a complete and thorough overview of the whole live music
industry and enables the following of the trends when they happen.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

5.4.
THE FIRST EVER
BLOCKCHAIN-BASED
LIVE MUSIC
MARKETPLACE

With the database and communication channels in place, our platform enables the
implementation of a live music marketplace on both, B2B (musician-event organizers) as
well on B2C (ticketing, crowdfunding live performances) levels.

EVENT ORGANIZER

MUSICIAN

Rate colaboration

Discovery

Exposure

Booking

Booking

Service fee

5.4.1.
MATCHING
MUSICIANS WITH
EVENT ORGANIZERS

Event organizers will be able to book musicians directly through our service, just like
tourists book accommodation on Airbnb. They will pick them from the massive selection of
profiles using our social media metrics. After the gig is over, the event organizer will review
the musician and vice versa.
Listing both, demand and supply, of the live music market, Viberate represents a great
sales channel for already-established acts, but more importantly  a priceless tool and
an excellent sales showcase for millions of unrepresented (long-tail) musicians from all
around the world. Its a matchmaking platform that digitizes the job that talent booking
agencies have done for over a hundred years with one more important difference  any
musician can join, regardless of genre, country, fame level or gig history.
We will utilize the advantage of smart contracts during the negotiation process. Crucial
information about the booking will be negotiated and then written into the smart contract:
	
date and time of performance
	
venue and event organizer details
	
duration of performance
	
artist fee
	
technical and hospitality requirements

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

Its a matchmaking platform that digitizes
the job that talent booking agencies have
done for over a hundred years with one
more important difference  any musician
can join, regardless of genre, country,
fame level or gig history.

Viberate will use smart contracts, sourcing the above mentioned variables directly from
the artist booking backend, where every artist will set their own booking requirements and
preferences. Once agreed, the terms will be written into the smart contract, which will then
be sealed with a timestamp and put onto the blockchain. Any additions or alterations will
result in voiding the old contract and replacing it with a new one, provided both parties
confirm the alteration on the blockchain.
When it comes to payments, one of the biggest advantages of using the blockchain
technology in the artist booking process is the ability to offer an escrow. Its the safest way
for both parties when dealing with artist bookings. However, fiat currencies escrow in most
countries requires a set of licenses from centralized authorities such as a central bank
or the Ministry of Treasury and Finance. Using a cryptocurrency with a combination of a
smart contract solves this issue and allows for effective and safe escrow.
Bookings on Viberate will be made using Ether (ETH) and Viberate tokens (VIBs) along with
following these steps:
	
Upon digitally signing the contract, the event organizer (buyer) pays the agreed
	
number of ETH or VIB plus a service fee to a specially created wallet that holds
	
the coins until the event is fully executed.
	
The event organizer has 24 hours to file a complaint in case the artist has breached 	
	
the contract in any way (no-show, cutting the performance short for an unexplained 	
	
reason, excessive behavior, etc.) and after that period ends, the artist fee is released 	
	
to the artists wallet.
	
In case of a breach, a dispute is triggered, which is handled by a trained tribunal 	
	
of music business experts who give the verdict based on provided evidence (photos, 	
	
exchanged e-mails, etc.). The members then vote to decide whether to return the 	
	
withheld fee to the organizer or clear the payment into the artists wallet.
When the booking is fully executed and the event is over, both parties will review each other
and the reviews will be published on their profiles.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

5.4.2.
TICKETING

Our massive database of events will enable fans to easily find and buy tickets to see their
favorite performer live. Entity profiles already include the information about show dates, which
link to an outside ticket vendor. But soon Viberate will introduce its own ticketing system:
	
The ticketing system will be accessed through a DApp. Musicians or venue owners
	
will be able to create ticketed events without any intermediary (such as Ticketmaster)
	
on a decentralized system.
	
Tickets will be sold only when both musician and venue owner confirm the event.
	
With that, the sales will start and the tickets will be ported to the Ethereum
	
network via VIBBridge.
	
From that point, any user from anywhere in the world will be able to buy the tickets 	
	
with Ether or VIB and hold them in their Ethereum wallet. Tickets will be 		
	
cryptographically secured and linked directly to the users public key and verifiable 	
	
over the public blockchain. Every generated ticket will be connected to a buyers 	
	
Viberate account. With this, we will disable any possible ticket counterfeiting or fraud.
	
Funds will be held in escrow on the smart contract until the event is successfully 	
	completed.
	
At the door the user will show the ticket in a form of a QR code to the venues staff, 	
	
who will scan the code, mark it as used and let the user into the venue.

5.4.3.
DTX  DECENTRALIZED
TICKET EXCHANGE

Ticket buyers will have a chance to change the ticket owner. This way we will introduce
a secondary ticket marketplace, so that people, who wont be able to attend the event for
which they purchased their ticket, will be able to sell the ticket to other Viberate users via
DTX and charge the price in ETH or VIB.
It happens often that a popular band comes to town and the tickets quickly sell out. Fans
can still find a reseller or an e-Bay ad to purchase the ticket for multiples of the actual price.
With DTX fans will be able find peers who cannot go to the event but have bought the
ticket. Fans will be able to set the maximum price they are willing to pay for the ticket or
buy the ticket right away from an existing member who is selling it. The system will be
decentralized, taking place on the Ethereum network.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

a) Technical details
EVENT ORGANIZER

DTX

Sells tickets

VIBBridge

Buys tickets

Creates tickets/events

Pushes tickets to DTX,
via VIBBridge

Redeems tickets

DTX is a p2p ticket exchange running on the Ethereum blockchain for ticket sellers, users and
event organizers. Because trust is paramount, we will integrate our Viberate platform directly
into the DTX. Viberate will be used for a secure bridge between physical tickets and their
representations on the Ethereum blockchain. The only way to issue tickets for an event is to be
a member on the platform and a verified ticket reseller or event organizer.
While DTX will be easily integrated into any existing wallet, service or exchange, we will also create
a single page application where users will be able to use all of the features of the application
while browsing with an Ethereum integrated browser (Mist, Parity, Chrome+metamask, Status,
etc.).
Each ticket group will be simulated as an ERC20 token, which means that users will be able to
send and receive them on all ERC20 compliant wallets. The protocol will be easily integrated to
exchanges, Ethereum ATMs and other solutions currently on the market, so anyone will be able
to transfer tickets with whichever wallet or software they want. This will also give an opportunity
to BTC ATM operators to offer tickets on their ATMs.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

The app will have no charts, order books or trades. Users will have a simple yet advanced
searching mechanism where they will be able to filter and sort artists, events and venues, as
well as get tickets tailored to their preference, all in a truly trustless ticketing system manner.
With the public and private key, cryptography users will be 100% certain that the ticket bought
is actually theirs, and that no one can steal the ticket while they have full control of their private
key. Because only the owner has its corresponding private key, only he or she can sign the
transaction to redeem the ticket or send it to someone else.
Thanks to the blockchain integration, they can also be certain that the ticket was not
counterfeited or sold to two different people.
Example of users wallet:

<Ethereum public key> <- Users public key that holds the tickets
	
	 Event 1
	
	 Event 2 (Data: Vip)
	
	 Event 3 (5 tickets) (Data: Welcome drink for each ticket)
The DTX platform will also be used for ticket auctions. Users will be able to set the minimum
price in VIBs that they want to get, and others will be able to bid while the auction is running. This
will fill the blank for the upper tier tickets for which fans are willing to pay a little bit extra.

With the help of Oraclize, we will feed the data to the contract and limit the queries to the event
start. After that, the sales will be final to provide users with easy access to tickets without
technical difficulties.

b) VIBBridge
USER 1
has ticket

1.
Creates a sell query at
10 VIB for the ticket

2.
DTX shows the trade publicly,
and locks the ticket

USER 2
has VIB

DTX

3.
User 2 allows DTX to send VIB
to User 1 for a ticket

4.
DTX creates the trade in one transaction,
now User 1 has 10 VIB and User 2 has the ticket

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

VIBBridge is a solution running on our servers that will be responsible for two main functionalities:
1.	
	
	
	
2.	
	
	

5.4.4.
CROWDFUNDING
LIVE PERFORMANCES

A centralized trusted entity that creates entities (tickets) in DTX from the Viberate 	
platform and guarantees that the tickets are actually reserved for users that hold them  	
In the future we will implement a system that will be able to prove our ticket holdings for 	
the members.
A bridge between events on the blockchain and social media  We would like to push 	
different interesting events automatically to our social media channels (like auctions for 	
special tickets).

We know the hassle of living in a small city or a place where there are no large concerts. Until
now there was only one option  get some friends together and take a road trip to a venue far
away, and after the event go back home. Now were offering a decentralized alternative.
Fans will have the option to crowdfund the fee of a certain performer they want to see play.
A campaign will be open for a defined period of time, and anyone will have a chance to contribute
towards the targeted fee.
This way we will utilize the advantages of the decentralized economy to bring musicians
to markets that are otherwise overlooked. The power of crowdfunding has proven to move
boundaries, and we believe that we can use it to revolutionize the way music events are being
planned and executed.
The whole process will run as follows:
	
Users will interact with smart contracts through the DAPP, a single page application that
	
will be connected to Viberates database and smart contracts.
	
They will create new crowdfunding campaigns or join existing ones.
	
Upon creation, they will send some VIB or ETH to the contract from their wallet and set 	
	
up 	 all the necessary data for the crowdfunding campaign (location, musician, date, etc.).
	
When the event will be created, the specially-created VIBPulse app will automatically 	
	
push the newly created campaign to all social media so other users will be able to see it 	
	
and contribute.
	
When the crowdfunding goal is successfully completed, the chosen musician and the 	
	
venue will get the message via the Viberate platform that they may claim and execute 	
	
the	 event, using the budget acquired via the crowdfunding campaign.
	
If the funding goal is not met, and the deadline has passed, all the contributors will get 	
	
their funds back.
	
When the event is scheduled, all the funds get converted into tickets that users can claim 	
	
with their accounts on the Viberate platform.
	
After the event is finished, the musician can claim their portion of the acquired funds into 	
	
their wallet.
This solution will be fully integrated into Viberate and the DTX and developed on the Ethereum
blockchain. This introduces the trustless model of crowdfunding on the Ethereum platform
(ICO) into the music industry.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

6.	 BUSINESS MODELS

The platform allows for the implementation of different business models in a B2B as well
as in a B2C segment.
On a B2B segment, Viberate can act as a marketplace, targeted advertising platform,
networking tool and a data analytics service. On a B2C segment, we will tap into the
ticketing business.

6.1.
BOOKING
COMMISSION

The music industry has worked using booking (service) fees from the very beginning.
Agents that represent artists usually take a 10 to 20% booking commission on the artists
net fee. This kind of work system is proven and well accepted by the stakeholders, so we
intend to keep it, but due to benefits of using an automated blockchain-based platform,
thus having lower overhead costs, we can afford to charge the fee on the lower price range.
The booking fee will be distributed towards covering the operational costs of the service
and funding bounty budgets.

6.2.
ADVERTISING
REVENUE

6.3.
ACCESS TO PREMIUM
INDUSTRY CONTACTS

6.4.
TICKETING

6.5.
3RD PARTY
INTEGRATIONS

Listed artists will have an option to expose their profiles in different charts (e.g. a rock band
in Germany is exposed on Germanys top chart for rock bands).
Exposure will be bought with VIB or ETH using smart contracts, where terms such as the
duration and price will be defined. Once paid, the smart contract will trigger the exposure of
the artists profile on the agreed position and for the agreed period of time.
The price in VIB and ETH will be set automatically, based on the current demand for the
respective position.
Certain musician profiles include a direct contact option to the artists agent, manager or
the artist himself. In order to contact those entities, a user needs to pay a fee in ETH or VIB.
Aside from this feature being a revenue source, the purpose of charging for access to
premium contacts is to prevent spam.
Listing hundreds of thousands of events, listed on profiles of performing artists, Viberate
has the unique opportunity to tap into this multi-billion market. Paper tickets are giving
way to electronic ones, and we want to go a step further by implementing a blockchainbased ticketing service, where we will charge a commission on every ticket sold through
our system.
Viberates analytical content provides insightful information for several different outlets,
such as music media, streaming services, larger booking agencies and other services that
could benefit from extensive music analytics. We will charge a monthly cost per integrated
profile or a monthly lump sum to use the whole database. 3rd party integrations will also be
made available via our API, where we will charge for API calls.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

On a B2B segment, Viberate can act as
a marketplace, targeted advertising
platform, networking tool and a data
analytics service. On a B2C segment, we
will tap into the ticketing business.

7.	MARKET
7.1.
SIZE

	
According to a research conducted by CISAC and UNESCO, the music industry has 	
	an annual turnover of $250 billion USD.
	
Live performances take up to one third of that amount.
	
There are around 50 million music events taking place globally each year.
	
While represented artists account for a small fraction of a percent, millions of 	
	
smaller artists are unrepresented. Their fees range from less than $100
	
all the way to a couple thousand USD.
	
The live music sector is growing rapidly due to a technological development, 		
	
which allows people to engage in music easier than ever (it only takes a Mac 		
	
and a YouTube tutorial to become a DJ).
An estimation, based on the above numbers, predicts the addressable market of $35B per
year in unrepresented artist fees.

7.2.
COMPETITION

Currently, our only real competition exists outside the blockchain ecosystem. Solutions
for the music industry that are using the blockchain technology, such as Creativechain,
Soundchain and Musicoin focus only on royalty collection and not on live music.
As a talent marketplace, Viberate mostly has competitors in a form of traditional booking
agencies such as William Morris Endeavour, Creative Artists Agency, United Talent Agency
and Paradigm just to name a few of the biggest players. However, Viberates main target
market isnt their clients. We aim to attract musicians with smaller profiles, who are
unrepresented.
Furthermore, instead of competing with major agencies by poaching artists from their
rosters, we want to work with them by offering them a sales channel to generate more
gig leads for their musicians, much like Booking.com offers a great sales channel to hotels,
instead of working against them.

7.3.
GO TO MARKET STRATEGY
7.3.1.
TRADITIONAL
ONLINE ADVERTISING

Although Viberate is already publicly accessible, we plan to launch campaigns,
accompanying different milestones in the projects roadmap. Campaigns will be targeted
towards database growth as well as to lead generation (e.g. bookings, ad buy).	
	
	
	

Social media: Facebook and Twitter
SEM: Google AdWords search and network campaigns
Network ads: Httpool Ad Network

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

7.3.2.
EVENT
PRESENCE

As a service, targeted towards a B2B sector, we need to maintain our appearance at notable
music events such as:
	festivals
	
club events
	concerts
	
music conferences
We can plug into bigger music events with a curated stage, sponsor the backstage and the
artist green room.
At conferences we have already successfully secured panel features, provided insights
for keynote speakers, and in the future we plan to have representation with stands and
demo booths on major music conferences globally.

7.3.3.
CELEBRITY
MARKETING

Influencer marketing turned out to be a successful strategy for numerous projects. Thats
why we are working with a German based agency Passiontainment to look for endorsement
partnerships with celebrities, especially well known musicians.
Endorsements include:
	
the right to associate a musicians brand name with Viberate
	
social media posts
	
public statements
	
press releases
Celebrities will be compensated directly with VIBs.

7.3.4.
PRESS

Apart from the existent media partnership with the worlds biggest dance culture magazine,
Mixmag, we will periodically release interesting industry insights, using the analytics data
Viberate offers through its powerful social media analytics engine. Such information is
exclusive and cannot be acquired easily without some kind of analytics software, so its a
precious piece of information for journalists.
We already tested the concept and got significant media attention.
The team employs marketing and PR executives with years of experience in corporate and
celebrity marketing (see chapter Team), so most promotional activities will be planned and
executed in-house.
A detailed media plan along with PR activities will be shared among VIB holders.

7.3.5.
PUBLIC
RECOGNITION

Viberate has been recognized by the European Commissions Music Moves Europe
initiative as one of eight European startups that will disrupt the global music industry:
https://ec.europa.eu/programmes/creative-europe/actions/music-moves-europe
The EU government gave the company a chance to present at the Commissions pavilion at
one of the worlds largest music conferences, MIDEM in Cannes.
Viberate also has the full support of the Ministry of Economic Development and
Technology of the Republic of Slovenia, with a signed endorsement letter by the Minister,
Zdravko Pocivalsek.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

8.	ROADMAP

Testing the market - Topdeejays.com
We tested the market with a simple DJ ranking
service named Topdeejays.com.
With the help of our users, weve rapidly grown
from a directory of a couple of thousands DJs
to a massive database of more than 50.000
musicians.

APRIL 2015

MARCH 2013
Going all in - Viberate
After the success of Topdeejays.com,
we decided to actively pursue the idea of
digitalizing the live music industry.
We expanded the team, opened a designated
Viberate office and developed a detailed
project plan. To enable project monetization,
we started planning the implementation of
different business models.

First round of funding - $560,000
In April 2016, we received our first round of
funding from several domestic investors.

APRIL 2016
Viberate 1.0 launch - Analytical
content
We launched the first version of our service on
the biggest electronic music conference in the
world - the Amsterdam Dance Event.

OCTOBER 2016

The service, that contained detailed analytical
content for over 50.000 musicians, was
subscription based.

Second round of funding - $440,000
In February 2017, we received our second
round of funding from an angel investor.

APRIL 2017

Viberate 2.0 launch - expanding to all
music genres
With version 2.0 we expanded to all music
genres. We now have a database of over
120.000 musician profiles, containing all
relevant information, including relevant
analytical content, latest media feed and
booking informaton.

JULY 2017

FEBRUARY 2017

Welcoming the team of blockchain
experts
To help us integrate the blockchain technology
into our service, we hired a team of experts
with rich domain knowledge and years of
experience in the field of cryptocurrencies and
blockchain technology.

JUNE 2017
ICO campaign launch
To prepare our service for the ICO, we
launched the ICO campain, including the
publication of a designated ICO website with
all the relevant info for the potential ICO
participants.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

Launch of the Venue and Event
profiles
Pursuing our vision to joun the entire live
music ecosystem in one place, we upgraded
our entity database with the profiles of 40.000
music venues and 60.000 events.
All our profiles are furnished with relevant
and up-to-date information, that makes the
discovery and decision-making process
simple, fast and efficient.

AUGUST 2017

The ICO

SEPTEMBER 2017

As a first step in implementing the blockchain
technology into our service and to assure the
next round of financing, well be launching a
Viberate ICO in September 2017.

Launch of the Booking Agency profiles
To alleviate the promotion of musicians,
represented by booking agencies, well be
launching designated booking agency profiles,
featuring rosters of represented musicians.

Q4 2017

Launch of Event Organizer profiles

Q1 2018

Integration of the ticket sales
platform
By Q3 2018, well have affiliate deals in place
with all major ticket vendors, to provide our
users with the option to purchase event
tickets directly off the site.
In later stages, were planning to develop our
own internal ticket sales system.

Q4 2018

Additionally, well be launching event organizer
profiles, that will enable the event organizers
to showcase their work, promote their events
and directly engage with other entities.

Q3 2018

Business and booking platform launch
Well upgrade our communication system
with comprehensive business and booking
tools, that will enable our entities to take full
advantage of a simple digitalized process
of booking musicians and pursuing other
business opportunities.

Extended blockchain features
integration
Well gradually introduce advanced blockchain
features, such as smart contracts and DAOs,
that will be used in different stages of the
musician booking process.
Only then well achieve our mission to fully
digitalize and decentralize the live music
industry.

Q4 2018 & Q1 2019

Q1 2019

Global marketing, PR and sales
campaign
With the aim of spreading the awareness
about our service, well be performing different
marketing, PR and sales activities on a global
scale.
Well commission marketing experts to help us
maximize the effectiveness of our endeavours.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

9.	TEAM

The team behind the project is a combination of experienced managers, event organizers,
developers and cryptocurrency experts.
The founders gained their music domain knowledge over 20 years of working in the music
industry, managing artists, touring, organizing events and running a successful record
label. They created some of the biggest event brands in their region, including a beach
festival Disconautica, attracting up to 80 thousand visitors each year.
They discovered the pains of the industry the hard way, and now they are offering solutions
to their industry peers with Viberate.
Besides organizing their own events, they have offered event management services to big
international clients, such as Philip Morris, Hewlett-Packard, Microsoft, Vodafone and many
others.
The crypto part of the team already owns a successful project named CreditBit.
They have been actively engaged in the crypto community for the last eight years.

9.1.
FOUNDERS

Matej Gregori, CEO
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejgregorcic/
Matej has been an entrepreneur for most of his life, starting as a teenager. He founded a
marketing agency and took it from selling ideas in a shared office space to becoming one
of the biggest event management agencies in his country. His company won numerous
awards at marketing festivals and did some pioneering work in digital marketing back when
Facebook was still considered a small website. Working with big international clients, his
team members never missed a deadline. He specializes in team leadership and strategic
planning, utilizing knowledge he gained studying mathematics and economics.
Vasja Veber, COO
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vasjaveber/
Vasja started his first business in the mid 90s when he was 15 years old. Working from
his room, he built simple websites for clients. After earning a Masters degree in marketing
from the University of Ljubljana, he joined Matej to found a music management agency.
Since then he has been managing one of the best techno DJs in the world UMEK, taking
care of his 100 gigs per year. Vasja overlooks all day-to-day business operations, related
to a superstar musicians career, from working with booking agents all the way to travel
logistics and taxes. In over 10 years in the music business, he managed to grow an
impressive network of influencers in the music industry. Vasja is also a member of the
Washington Chapter of The Recording Academy (Grammy Awards).

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

Uro Umek, Professional DJ, Founder, Celebrity Ambassador
Facebook fan page: https://www.facebook.com/umek.si/
Uro is widely known just under his stage name UMEK. Any true techno fan knows his
legacy. Umek is an award-winning producer and an A-list techno DJ. He is personally
responsible for kickstarting the electronic music scene in his home country by organizing
some of Slovenias first ever illegal raves. Since then he has gone on to become one of the
worlds best-known techno artists, having made his name on the world stage, graduating
from the dark underground clubs of Europes capital cities, to the massive techno stages of
the worlds most high-profile music festivals such as Ultra, EDC and Tomorrowland. UMEK
was voted number 3 Techno DJ globally by a prominent magazine, DJ Mag.

9.2.
LEAD
DEVELOPERS

Botjan akelj, CTO
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/bostjan-zakelj-b138874/
Bostjan is an experienced senior engineer with deep knowledge in Linux and Windows
(Azure) server management, PHP programming, CSS/XML coding, mobile applications,
CMS systems, mongoDB noSQL database management and network security. He has been
a lead tech force in Viberate since the very beginning and is responsible for building a social
media analytics engine, capable of analyzing billions of data points daily.
Rok Bavec, Senior Developer, Data Scientist
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rok-bavec-ba88a610a/
Rok graduated from applied mathematics at the Faculty of Mathematics, University of
Ljubljana. He is an organized, creative and highly-focused developer with knowledge in PHP
programming, mySQL databases, noSQL databases (mongoDB) as well as experienced
in web development. He specializes in data analytics, where he developed a series of
algorithms for measuring online popularity among musicians.
Rok Babi, Senior Blockchain Developer
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rok-babi%C4%8D-a3843852/
Rok started his tech career as a developer at a leading ERP provider in the region. As soon as
he heard of blockchain, he was hooked and spent the next years developing and maintaining
solutions on top of Bitcoin and other altcoins. He found his true passion, though, with the
release of Ethereum, where he immediately started developing decentralized applications
on top of the platform. After a few successful projects, he cofounded Spartan Solutions
d.o.o., where they aim towards becoming a leading decentralized solutions provider and
integrator in the region. After successfully executing a number of decentralized solutions,
Rok primarily focuses on promoting decentralized apps, planning the architecture of
blockchain-based solutions and consulting startups in blockchain space.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

9.3.
GENERAL
STAFF

Dr. Ina Veber, General Counsel
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ina-veber-67457a68/
Ina is a lawyer with a PhD in International Business. She specializes in international law and
intellectual property legislation with an emphasis on music-related legal matters. She was
an assistant professor at the University of Primorska in Slovenia, where she published a
number of papers in the field of internationalization.
After that she pursued a career as a legal consultant in music and startup business, offering
her services to musicians, labels and event organizers as well as a number of technological
startups. Currently shes researching the implications of the blockchain technology on
intellectual property and how it can be used to protect involved parties and improve solving
disputes.
Kristian Gorenc, CMO
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kristiangorenc/
Kristian got his B.Sc. in Marketing from the Faculty of Economics, University of Ljubljana.
He specializes in digital marketing and PR. In his career he worked for brands such as Nivea,
Vodafone, Axe, Beko and many others, strategically planning and executing successful
brand and sales campaigns regionally and nationally. He is also a skilled PR professional
for musicians, taking care of social media presence, advertising and press relations for a
superstar musician and his label.

9.4.
ADVISORS

Dr. Mark Pleko, Nuclear Physicist, Angel Investor
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/markplesko/
A prodigy nuclear physicist (co-discovery of matter turning into antimatter), Mark was the
first one to see potential in the team and the projects vision. Enough to get on board and
back them early. Mark is more than just an angel investor; he is actively involved in the
companys strategic planning as well as day-to-day operation.
He is also the main founder and CEO of the high tech company Cosylab that is the world
leader in large nuclear accelerator control systems, with yearly profit margins exceeding
30-40%. Among Cosylabs customers are the worlds largest national laboratories and
international projects, such as CERN, the international fusion project ITER, SLAC at Stanford
University, KEK in Japan and several novel cancer treatment centers worldwide which use
protons and Carbon ion accelerators to kill cancer tumors with submillimeter precision.
Dejan Rolji, ABC Acceleration Business City
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/dejan-roljic-50a90912/
Founder of ABC Accelerator, Slovenias first and biggest accelerator with offices in Ljubljana,
Munich and San Jose, Dejan is a serial entrepreneur, who founded his first company when
he was 16 and managed to do two exits by the time he was 26. Dejan played a crucial role
when Viberate was raising a seed round of financing and is a key part of the project when it
comes to investor relations.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

Peter M. Moricz, Blockchain Business Development
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/petermmoricz/
Peter successfully navigated through some of the most severe financial crises of our time
and developed a great expertise and reputation for effectively managing risk. His derivatives
product knowledge is diverse, having spent over 20 years trading US and European Fixed
Income, FX, equity indexes, crude oil and gold futures. Recently Peters career has focused
on risk and compliance issues. Between 2014 and 2016 he was Vice President at JP
Morgan Private Bank in London, where he was responsible for compliance with all US,
UK and EU regulatory requirements, leading sales and execution supervision in line with
industry standards. He also worked with Regtech, Fintech companies and Co-Founded a
Trade Finance Blockchain company called ChainX.
Collin LaHay, Blockchain Expert, Founder @ Gambit
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/collinlahay/
Collin earned his B.Sc. in Business Administration with a Marketing option from the
University of Wisconsin, River Falls. After a twelve-year career in search engine optimization
and digital advertising, he moved his expertise over to finance and started trading the
cryptocurrency markets in early 2013. Since then, Collin has been trading the inefficiencies
of the crypto markets full-time, as well as being a leading escrow trust-agent on Bitrated and
one of the largest super-affiliates for the flagship crypto exchanges. Collin has developed
and managed his own blockchain project, GambitCrypto, since 2015 and leads a private
trading group, who develop their own proprietary trading algorithms, bots and tools.
Charlie Shrem, Blockchain Expert, Co-Founder @ Bitcoin Foundation
Personal website: http://charlieshrem.com/
Charlie Shrem is an American entrepreneur and bitcoin advocate. He co-founded a startup
company, BitInstant, and is a founding member of the Bitcoin Foundation, formerly serving
as Vice Chairman. By 2013 BitInstant was processing approximately 30% of all bitcoin
transactions. Shrem is featured in The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin, a documentary directed
by Nicholas Mross that explores the origins and development of bitcoin. It premiered at the
2014 Tribeca Film Festival. He is also featured in the 2016 documentary film, Banking on
Bitcoin, discussing how bitcoin technology will shape lives and in the 2015 book, Digital
Gold, by Nathaniel Popper, which covers the rise of bitcoin.
As a former owner of a nightclub that accepted Bitcoin, Charlie is a priceless advisor to
the Viberate team  because of his deep knowledge of the blockchain as well as running a
music venture.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

Prof. Dr. Jure Leskovec, Professor @ Stanford University, Pinterest
Stanford personal page: https://cs.stanford.edu/people/jure/
Jure Leskovec is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Stanford University. His
research focuses on mining and modeling large social and information networks, their
evolution and diffusion of information, and influence over them. After selling his startup,
Kosei, to Pinterest, he took a position of Chief Scientist, leading Pinterest labs. As one of the
worlds leading big data experts and researchers, Professor Leskovec is advising Viberates
development team on data mining and the services social media analytics engine.
Ram Santhosh Kumar Budime, CEO @ Bitins.net
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ram-santhosh-kumar-budime-494133149/
Rams entrepreneurial activities are focused in the areas of digital currencies like Bitcoin,
Blockchain and Fintech with a keen eye for emerging technologies trends and the business
instincts to position companies in the critical path. In 2016, while working as Head of
Business Development at GreCom company, he Co-founded BitIns and serves as CEO.
BitIns mission is to provide people and businesses with easy access to digital money.
Ram is also an active supporter of non-profit organisations in India and he likes physical
fitness. In Viberates team Ram is in charge of getting the VIB on crypto exchanges as well
as offering contributors fast and reliable fiat to ETH exchange service.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

Viberate already received an angel
investment, therefore token buyers
are contributing to a project that
already went through the scrutiny
of due diligence made by VCs and
angel investors.

10.	VIB TOKEN CROWD SALE
10.1.
VIB TOKEN

10.2.
ELIGIBILITY

10.2.1.
EARLY FUNDING
AND CURRENT
OWNERSHIP

Viberate token is fully ERC20 compliant and will be available for purchase with ETH.
Symbol: VIB
Base token price upon the launch of the crowdsale will be set to $0.1.
ETH/USD exchange rate will be locked based on September 5 market exchange rate and
will be valid for the entire time of the crowd sale.
Unlike many other projects using just an idea to raise funds via token crowd sales or initial
coin offerings, without an actual product or at least a proof of concept, Viberate is up and
running. Viberate already has a user base, established business partnerships and media
coverage.
The project was bootstrapped with $400,000 of the founders own savings. The funds were
used to produce an MVP and to build the initial database of musicians.
This gave the team a solid foundation to raise an angel round of $1,000,000 from a
Slovenian ABC Accelerator and two angel investors. The funds were spent to launch the
platform with profiles of 120,000 musicians and start working on profiles for music venues
(for more information about past progress, refer to the chapter Roadmap).
Viberate already received an angel investment, therefore token buyers are contributing to
a project that already went through the scrutiny of due diligence made by VCs and angel
investors.
Contributors contribute voluntarily and their participation cannot in any way be defined
or treated as an equity investment into the company that owns the project and IP on the
address www.viberate.com. Contributors agree with Terms of Service published on www.
viberate.io/TOS
The ownership of the token does not include the right to:
	
ownership of the company
	
ownership of the services IP
	
profits of the service
	
participate in decision making, unless options are put up on voting to token holders
The founding team still owns the majority stake in the project (83.33%) and has a majority
vote, thus complete control over strategy as well as day-to-day decision making.

10.2.2.
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY

The company owns all intellectual property of the service, which includes:
	
brand name and domain
	
source code of the website
	
ranking algorithm
	
database of profiles
Contributors / token owners do not get any ownership of the companys intellectual
property.

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

10.2.3.
WHY FUNDING
WITH THE TOKEN
CROWDSALE

10.3.
TOKEN SALE
DETAILS

We decided to fund further development of the service with a token crowdsale, because of
two main reasons:
	
Viberate will become completely decentralized in terms of database growth and
	
curation, and members of the community need to benefit financially from their work 	
	
by contributing in terms of content and sales.
	
Technical and business development still needs to stay centralized and focused on 	
	
developing new features and bringing in revenues, which requires funding.

Beginning of ICO: 5th of September 2017
(block number will be announced one week before)
We will create a smart contract that will handle the whole ICO process automatically. Main
features of the smart contract will be:

10.3.1.
MINIMUM
GOAL

The smart contract will have a security measure for the contributors. If the minimum goal
is not reached, we will not have access to the funds, and participating contributors will get
a full refund. This measure protects the contributors from fraud and eliminates the need
for an escrow.

10.3.2.
MAXIMUM
DEVELOPMENT
CAP AND MAXIMUM
TOTAL CAP

We are against uncapped ICOs, because we believe the company should raise the amount
of money it needs to accomplish the goals from the roadmap. Furthermore, uncapped
ICOs turned out to be harmful for the tokenized economy, often driven by greed and taken
advantage of by the hype.
We strive to deliver our features as comprehensive as possible, which is why we made
product and technical development a priority of our operations. This decision is strongly
reflected in our financial strategy that is divided into two phases.
	
The development cap defines the maximum amount of funds, needed to accomplish
	
the development goals, defined in our roadmap. A portion of the funds is also reserved
	
for the initial marketing campaign on a smaller scale.
	
The marketing cap is intended to cover the cost of marketing, namely direct sales, and
	
the launch of a global PR and advertising campaign. With the service firmly in place,
	
our main goal in the second phase is to spread the word about Viberate all over the 	
	world.

ICO start

Minimum goal: $1M

Production phase of ICO

$6M

Maximum goal: $12M

Marketing phase of ICO

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

In case the ICO does not reach the envisioned amount, none of the development or
marketing activities will be completely omitted, but the dynamics of their execution might
change. Well rely on operating profits to fuel growth. If needed, our operations will only be
scaled down to extend the runway far enough to achieve all development and marketing
goals weve set.
Unsold tokens will be transferred into the marketing budget. Tokens will be locked into a
smart contract and accessible after one year, when the global marketing campaign will
begin. The lockdown is to prove the contributors we believe in the value of the Viberate
tokens (VIB) and as reassurance that the tokens wont be sold immediately and will be spent
only for the marketing and sales activities.

10.3.3.
AUTOMATIC
TOKEN ISSUANCE

The ICO contract will be directly linked to the Token contract so that instant issuance of
tokens will be possible. Users will be able to see in real time how many tokens they will get
in return to their contribution and will not need to wait for an extended period of time to get
them (sending will be enabled immediately after ICO ends).	

10.3.4.
DISTRIBUTION
OF ISSUED
TOKENS

	
Total number of generated VIBs: 200,000,000
	
60% of tokens will be sold in the ICO to secure funds for further product development,
	
operations and international expansion
	
16% of tokens will be held by project founders and the rest of the team that helped to
	
bring the project to life with their hard work and dedication
	
4% of tokens will be given to early stage angel investors, true believers,
	
who showed a lot of trust and provided rocket fuel for our idea
	
5% of tokens is intended for the initial stocking of the bounty pool to award contributors,
	
who help build and curate our database of entities
	
8% of tokens will be awarded to our advisors and ambassadors that helped the project
	
with their knowledge and expertise
	
7% of tokens will be reserved for future partners who will join the project at a later 	
	stage
All tokens belonging to founders, employees and seed investors will be reverse vested for
24 months with monthly cliffs.

Crowdsale - 60%

Founders & Team - 16%

Investors - 4%

200.000.000

Viberate Contributors - 5%

VIB TOKENS

Advisors & Ambassadors - 8%

Future partners - 7%

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

10.3.5.
DISCOUNTS

Early contributors will be rewarded with a discount. The discount rate will drop with every
week, starting at 12% and ending with 0% on the last week of the ICO.

12%

9%

6%

3%

0%

Week 1

Week 2

Week 3

Week 4

BONUS

ICO start

BONUS

BONUS

BONUS

BONUS

ICO end

First 48h

10.4.
FUNDS DISTRIBUTION

10.4.1.
ALLOCATION OF
THE PRODUCT
DEVELOPMENT
PHASE
CONTRIBUTIONS

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

40%

15%

15%

20%

10%

Technical
development
& user experience

Product development
& management

Database expansion
& support

Marketing, sales,
& PR

General and
administrative
expenses

40% of contributions is intended to cover the technical development costs of the
upcoming service features, starting with implementing marketplace functionalities
and additional entity features
15% of contributions will cover the costs of non-technical product development,
including project management, team management and business development
15% of contributions will be allocated to cover the costs of adding new entities into 	
the database, internally curating existing ones and setting up a support center
20% of contributions will fund the first marketing phase, covering basic marketing
operations, including advertising campaigns for user acquisition and branding
10% of contributions will cover day-to-day operations, office rent, office equipment, 	
travel expenses and legal fees

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

10.4.2.
ALLOCATION OF THE
MARKETING PHASE
CONTRIBUTIONS

	
	
	
	
	
	

25%

15%

60%

Direct sales
expansion

Global PR
campaign

Global advertising
campaign

25% of contributions will cover the costs of direct sales to our target audiences, 	
including direct calls and personal meetings
15% of contributions will finance a global, ongoing PR campaign, targeted towards
specialized and mainstream media
60% of contributions will cover the costs of an ongoing global ad campaign covering
all relevant media outlets, designed to increase our userbase and assure marketplace liquidity

WWW.VIBERATE.IO  ICO@VIBERATE.COM

CONTACTS
General inquiries:
Viberate d.o.o.
Podutiska 92
1000 Ljubljana
Slovenia
E-mail: ico@viberate.com
Service: www.viberate.com
ICO: www.viberate.io

White Paper
PAquarium tokens
Because at the end of the day were all fishes in the one big pond:
World!

Index
I.

Index ......................................................................................................................................... 1

II.

Summary ................................................................................................................................. 2
 Location
 Facts
 Targets and ICO Roadmap
 Why
 PAquarium token value proposition:

III.

Business model and project description ....................................................................... 4
General about PAquarium project idea
PAquarium visualization and concept
Why we are doing this
Location for aquarium
What is PAquarium lifetime ticket
PAquarium project Roadmap
Business legal status

IV.

ICO Roadmap ....................................................................................................................... 14

V.

ICO Financial management .............................................................................................. 17

VI.

Marketing............................................................................................................................... 19
Market analyses
Competition
Strategy
Tell a friend

VII.

PAquarium guarantee policy ........................................................................................... 22

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

Summary
We are building the largest aquarim in the world!

Location
Vote for Aquarium location!
Our investors choose a place for Aquarium! We will open voting during 3rd
week of ICO to find a place for the worlds biggest Aquarium. Only You as an
investor will have a chance to vote for any country of the world.

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

Facts
ICO is only 20% of all financing. Rest 80% are coming from PAquarium equity
funds and other financial sources. This make PAquarium tokens strong!
For ICO PAquarium put on sale 1,2 b PAquarium tokens (PQT) for total value
120 m USD, where 1 USD = 10 tokens (or 1 token = 0,1 USD).
Targets and ICO Roadmap
Find place (global voting)
Aquarium architecture design (3D model + other)
Aquarium technical design (safety first)
Aquarium construction (will do it fast accordingly)
Filling aquarium (put fishes and animals inside)
Why
Symbol and proof!
PAquarium is a project series to build largest aquarium in the world
PAquarium token value proposition:
1. Real Estate: Your investment is covered buy real estate and physical
amusement park project.
2. Dividends: 20% of aquarium operational profit will be split between token
holders annually.
3. Lifetime Ticket: If You buy at least 1080 tokens, You get one lifetime
entrance ticket as bonus for aquarium when its ready.
4. Exchange: You can sell and exchange PAquarium tokens any time.
5. Goods: PAquarium tokens will be used for exchanging goods in aquarium
and other related businesses.
6. Other big things: More token usage options will be announced on
comminng PAquarium project phases
QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

Business model and project description
We seek to build the largest aquarium in the world.
There is no such other project in the world so far. We are unique. We are putting together 3 aspects:
First, social interaction, second, crowdfunding for raising the capital and third, social media and
modern marketing/sales activities.

Total Paquarium project budget 600 mUSD

ICO (20%)

Paqua Equity and Other Funds (80%)

For ICO we are issuing PAquarium tokens (PQT) to raise only 20% funds for this project. Rest
80% are coming from PAquarium Equity funds and other financial sources.
In total for ICO we will put on sale 1,2 bPAquarium tokens for total value 120 mUSD, where 1 USD
= 10 tokens (or 1 token = 0,1USD).

PAquarium token value proposition:
1. Real Estate: Your investment is covered buy real estate and physical
amusement park project.
2. Dividends: 20% of aquarium operational profit will be split between token
holders annually.
3. Lifetime Ticket: If You buy at least 1080 tokens, You get one lifetime
entrance ticket as bonus for aquarium when its ready.
4. Exchange: You can sell and exchange PAquarium tokens any time.

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

5. Goods: PAquarium tokens will be used for exchanging goods in aquarium
and other related businesses.
6. Other big things: More token usage options will be announced on
comminng PAquarium project phases

General about PAquarium project idea
Yes, we are building the worlds biggest aquarium, yet it will not simply be
another giant building hoping to enter the Guinness Book of Records for its
sheer size. We are creating something greater  a symbol and the state of the
art for architecture, as well as a unique center of entertainment and recreation.
All genius is simple, and the ideas themselves find the right people. While
working in the finance sector, the author of this project had an opportunity to
find out how several financial programs make money out of nothing. Surely it
works! Yet, the author understood that the biggest winners of such programs
are corporations, not people. People are just instruments!
Then, once again, receiving an invitation to a new, perspective money program,
the author felt sick and tired of all this mess. He decided to create a brand new
program for people. Yet, rather than simply stashing the money in his pocket,
he decided to invest the earnings into a grand social project that gives back
something special to the people who are involved.
We had to make a product to sell, and that is how we arrived at the idea of
selling tickets online. An entrance ticket to a place that has not yet been built,
a ticket for a price that is affordable. The price of a cup of coffee or a sandwich.
The next question is  what to build? An aquarium! Why? Everyone on the
planet understands the nature of water and fish. To realize this idea, we need
the participation of the whole world, which is why we had to find a uniting
element. That familiar aspect, known to all, something that allows us to be one
collective, regardless of
our sex, age, nationality, race, or culture. What else could it be, if not water!
Easily, seemingly on its own, the idea found willing minds, and the work on this
project could begin. There is one author of the idea, yet in the team we are
many  project managers, financers, IT specialists, lawyers, marketing
QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

specialists. Each with their own knowledge and area of expertise, united by our
conviction in the logic of this idea. All of us have heard, and found something
personal in this idea, a dear reminder to participate, and the motivation to give.
When we found the common element, gave it the form of an aquarium and the
work on the project had begun, the architects expanded the idea with a vision
of their own. A rift in the land  the words that best describe our vision. A rift for
the current conflict of men and nature, a reminder of life, on the edge of the
oblivion. Our jointly made aquarium will serve as a proclamation to the following
generations, a statement on the division of our current society, and, yet  a
reminder, a confirmation that we wish to change it, and our ability to work
together to achieve it.
The concept of the aquarium building was also clear. From outside, the size of
the aquarium will be only partially comprehendible. The viewers will only see
the rift in the crust of the earth. Yet, inside this rift, wonders will happen. The rift
will be entirely filled with water, and inhabited by creatures of rivers, lakes, and
the ocean. To enter the building, the visitors must go underground, deeper, and
deeper into the depths, until they reach the very bottom of the sea.

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

PAquarium visualization and concept

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

Why we are doing this
Symbol and Proof!
We believe that something great and visible is possible putting together
cryptocracy and Blockchain idea! All for people!
Knowledge, transparency and people are our values. We will openly show
every step of the project, every dollar made and spent. We will invest the
earnings into a grand social project that gives back something special to the
people.
It continues with the goal of transmitting the feeling that our capitalistic society
of consumers, information, communication, and countless organizations is
something more than just the life of bigger and smaller fish, joined together in
the fragile bubble of our aquarium.
It's no secret that money has amazing power, that money is power. It possesses
some charm, a magic that inspires and encourages us to do the impossible.
Yet it also has the power to subjugate, ruin and destroy. We truly love and
respect money for what it is, both for its light and dark sides. We believe that
money is a wonderful instrument (and just an instrument), the true value of
which it is possible to measure only by observing a true master of its use. If this
instrument is given to us, we want to use it elegantly.
Invite others to join and earn some extra pocket money from our partner
program. That is how simple it is.

Location for aquarium
The location for the aquarium is not decided yet but it is open for voting till Q4
2017! Vote!
For voting You must register in www.PAquarium.com and vote for any country
on the planet. The country that receives the most votes, in proportion to its
population, will receive our offer for the aquarium construction in its
administrative territory.

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

What is PAquarium lifetime ticket
A lifetime ticket is the entrance rights to the worlds largest aquarium. This
means that you will be able to visit the aquarium as often as you like. Yes, it will
be valid forever.
If You buy at least 1080 tokens, You get one lifetime entrance ticket as bonus
for aquarium when its ready. Ticket is bonus to Your contribution.
Yes, You will get real ticket. You will can enter the aquarium by showing a valid
ID at the entrance. Your ID number will have to be identical: system and ticket.
Information about exchange process will follow.

PAquarium project Roadmap

Total Paquarium project budget 600 mUSD

Q4
2016

Project
started

Q4
2017

Choosed
place
(voting)

Q4
2018

Technical
project
approved

Q4
2018

Start
construct

Q4
2021

Openning

Management team
Down is visual illustration of the team involved and visual illustration of
responsible divisions.

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

This team is gathered together for the creation and publication of idea. Team
will be expanded when project will start hitting targets.

The board

Project management division
Ivars Rungis
Jekateina Cepjolkina

Ingus
Staltmanis

Marketing division
Inga Lyzan
Daiga Bitena

Andars Ignacs

Customer support center
Daiga Idarto
Finance and Legal
Ingus Staltmanis
Rolands Klincis
Architect and construction division
Valts Gutmanis
IT division
Andars Ignacs
Oskars Pilags
Imars Birzleja

All divisions are subordinated to the Board.
Decision making team Ingus Staltmanis, Andars Igancs, Rolands Klincis, Inga
Lyzan and Daiga Bitena.

Ingus Staltmanis
Ingus has more than 15 years practical experience leading different scale
programs and projects. He has been acting as a associate in investment
banking firm, being cross border project manager in international environment
succeeding large transition project programs and top manager for different
companies.

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

His strong capacity is to motivate and lead people in very high stress conditions.
For the last years, he has been working for Latvian largest IT Company
Lattelecom Technology, being responsible for top software development
programs in Latvia as E-Health, E-customs data processing system, Identity
document information system for Citizenship and Migration Affairs and other
programs.
He has graduated different management programs in SSERiga, BA School of
Business and Finance and Latvian University as Lawyer. His hobby is to share
practical knowledge with field professionals as well as students at universities.
He is responsible for motivating people, financials and legal questions.
Andars Igancs
He is technical heart of the team. He is 20+ years experienced field IT specialist.
He has acquired White hacker knowledge and is responsible for PAquarium
project technical development and safety.

Ivars Rungis
Acting also as Vice President at IPMA: International Project Management
Association.
20+ Years experienced and certified professional. Project, Program and
Portfolio Management in a IT software development and infrastructure
construction areas. LEAN thinking implementation in organizations. Always
interested in improving project management processes.
Specialties: Financing products; IT system development projects; Construction
project management; Project Management Office implementation; Project
Portfolio implementation; Governmental projects.
He is responsible and acting as head of PAquarium project management
division.
Jekaterina Cepjolkina

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

10+ Years experienced project manager working for different scale projects
and sectors (finance, IT and construction). She has 10+ Years field
experience working for different scale projects and sectors (construction,
finance and IT).
Jekaterina has worked for large Worldwide corporations as Barclays Plc,
Lloyds TSB, Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), Accenture and others. She is
assisting Ivars for project management.
Rolands Klincis
30+ years experienced financial specialist. His focus is financial fund
management. He has been acting as senior manager and vice president for
various investment companies in different locations Worldwide.
He will be responsible for PAquarium fund management.

Inga Lyzan
She has been media and marketing specialist since 20th century. Extensive
experience working in Marketing and Media sectors. She is communication
advisors who specialize in coaching speakers, managers and working
professionals on how to win hearts and minds of teams and clients. She has
raised the performance of many individuals and have enabled companies to
win significant business.
She will be responsible for PR, Marketing and Promotion of PAquarium project.
Daiga Idarto
8+ years experienced marketing and advertising manager. 5+ years she has
been working for various retail companies and 3+ years job experience in book
publishing companies including Janis Roze (2nd largest publishing and selling
group in Latvia). She has skills in branding and creating lines of brands within
an organization. She has been responsible for developing, implementing and
executing strategic marketing plans for an organization or project. Her speciality
is content writing and copywriting.
She is responsible for project (product) development and promotion.
Valts Gutmanis
QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

10+ years of experience architect. New and ambitious professional with bright
visions of future architecture.
He is an author of PAquarium visual depiction. He will be part of project
construction team.

Business legal status
We are officially registered in Estonia register of enterprises.
Quantum Group O
Registration No.: 14220024
Adress: Hansu street 38/2-20, Haabersti linnaosa, Tallinn, Harju maakond,
13523, ESTONIA
Bank: LHV
Accounnt: EE647700771002503164
We are Crowdfunding organization and we work under the Financial
Supervision Authority of Estonia. Considering Estonian law, our business
model does not require any special licensing. This is approved by the Financial
Supervision Authority of Estonia by official letter.
We are not a Broker, Financial Institution, Charitable Institution, Credit
Institution, Creditor, Credit Intermediary, Insurance Company, Insurance
Intermediary, Fund Management Company, Investment and Pension Fund,
Investment Firm, Issue of Security, E-money Institution, Payment Service
Provider, SME-s considered as qualified Investor.

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

ICO Roadmap
For ICO PAquarium put on sale 1,2 bPAquarium tokens (PQT) for total value 120 mUSD, where 1
USD = 10 tokens (or 1 token = 0,1 USD).

ICO Structure and bonuses
A progressive sales and bonus system is on place.
Bonuses will be available during pre-sale and the first four weeks of the
Crowdfunding as follows:
pre-sale 25% bonus Tokens will be provided.
on week 1 of the Crowdfunding 20% bonus Tokens will be provided;
on week 2 of the Crowdfunding 15% bonus Tokens will be provided
on week 3 of the Crowdfunding 10% bonus Tokens will be provided
on week 4 of the Crowdfunding 5% bonus Tokens will be provided; and
on week 5 no bonuses.
PAquarium may determine in its absolute discretion that any other bonuses
may apply during the Crowdfunding.
For every affiliate or new partner token holder will grant extra 10% of tokens
(counting from new partner token count). Referral link is placed at partner
dashboard (authorized part).

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

ICO Milestones
Funding milestones secure the development and construction of major project
phases.

Phase 1 (1 mUSD)
Choose place for aquarium
World level voting system
Paqua application/game
Promotion and sales

Phase 2 (6 mUSD)
Aquarium architecture design
Visual concept
3D model
Online advertising campaigns
Legal and Compliance activities

Phase 3 (10 mUSD)
Aquarium technical design/architecture
Chooses constructor/tender
Permits and documentation for construction
Preparation for construction
Networking and sales events

Phase 5 (75 mUSD)
Aquarium construction
Excavations and Foundation
Utilities
Framing and construction
Certification and documentation

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

Phase 5 (25 mUSD)
Filling aquarium
Buy fishes and animals for aquarium
Sales and promotion activities

Phase 6 (3 mUSD)
Grand opening
Sales and promotion activities

PAquarium token value proposition:
1. Real Estate: Your investment is covered buy real estate and physical
amusement park project.
2. Dividends: 20% of aquarium operational profit will be split between token
holders annually.
3. Lifetime Ticket: If You buy at least 1080 tokens, You get one lifetime
entrance ticket as bonus for aquarium when its ready.
4. Exchange: You can sell and exchange PAquarium tokens any time.
5. Goods: PAquarium tokens will be used for exchanging goods in aquarium
and other related businesses.
6. Other big things: More token usage options will be announced on
comminng PAquarium project phases

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

ICO Financial management
ICO Spending Overview for Fund Raised
Funds raised from PAquarium token crowdsale is planned to go into the following 3 main
categories:
1. Aquarium Construction & Development (65%)
2. Marketing and Promotion (20%)
3. Operations & Legal (15%)
Aquarium Construction & Development include:
1.
2.
3.
4.

Project technical design.
Construction.
Cost to hire and maintain a team of construction experts and advisors.
Other spendings related only to normal construction process and needs.
Marketing and Promotion can include but not limited to:

1. Running online advertising campaigns, such as Google adwords and
Facebook advertisements
2. Running promotions to attract customers to use our platform and refer their
friends to sign up
3. Cost to hire and maintain an in-house business development and marketing
team,
or
engaging
an
outsourced
vendor
for
business
development/marketing purposes, whichever is more cost effective.
4. Cost of running speaker and networking events
5. Press Releases
6. Other
Operations & Legal can include but not limited to:
1. Cost of to maintain operations team. This includes customer service
support, finance department and project review team who will engage with
our platform users on a regular basis.
2. Rental, furniture, utilities and equipment hardware cost for locations in which
we have an office set up.
3. Server and Hosting costs for platforms.

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

4. Redesign and improvements to UI/UX.
5. Legal and Compliance costs, to ensure our business is compliant with the
laws which we operate in.
6. Coordinate with expert legal providers to support project creators for their
ICO projects.
7. Having PAquarium Tokens listed on the various virtual currency exchanges.
8. Other

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

Marketing
Our product is straight forward and simple.
We sell Tokens to raise the funds for the Worlds largest aquarium and create new crypto currency
for future development similar projects.
During ICO buying certain amount of Tokens You will get lifetime entrance ticket to the worlds
largest aquarium, see description above.
We have developed marketing strategy for social media and networks. We have two target groups:
those who are open for new and analytical minds.

Market analyses
There are no analogue products or offers in the market. We will target
population:
Year 1 (total 1 282 million people market):
USA 325 million
Europe 740 million
Russia 147 million
Australia 24 million
Canada 36 million
United Arab Emirates 10 million
Starting from Year 2:
China 1 400 million
Japan 130 million
Rest 4 500 millions
We believe that from total 2 800 million people we plan to target, our message
will reach at least 5% (140 million) people. We believe that around 5% (7 million)
of reached people will buy our offer.

We believe it will work and we do this because our project was created with the
goal to openly demonstrate the illusory nature of our world. How simply the idea
of making a profit causes us to join in all manner of money producing schemes.
QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

How easily the competition for the highest, most prestigious position creates
our desire for fame and power. And, how excellent marketing makes it all look
so damn exciting.
People buy dreams, ideas, promises, status, prestige, and the desire for
fulfillment. People feel the taste of victory whenever they sell their imaginary
friends or ghosts in the garage on eBay. People celebrate the moments where
we can create money out of thin air.
We will openly show every step of the project, every dollar made and spent.
We believe that money is a wonderful instrument (and just an instrument), the
true value of which is possible to measure only by observing a true master of
its use.

Competition
There are no direct competitors for this project. Nobody is building the Worlds
largest aquarium and creating value for coins in this manner.

Strategy
We will work with buyers stimuli (7P +Social, Situational, Economical and
Lifestyle). With our marketing campaigns, we will focus on transforming
perception, values and believes.
We have product and brand.

Tell a friend
Hope you're in! Invite your friends to join! The more friends you involve, the
more partner and affiliate money you make. There are no limitations.
By becoming a partner of the project, and finding likeminded people, you can
easily and enjoyably earn some money and tokens.

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

For every affiliate or new partner token holder will grant extra 10% of tokens
(counting from new partner token count). Referral link is placed at partner
dashboard (authorized part).

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

PAquarium guarantee policy
Platform operates 24/7/365. Our online support centre works from 8:00 till 22:00 EET. Every
received e-mails will be answered during 2 business days.
We guarantee that, in case of necessity, we are able to conduct a financial audit and disclose a valid
and transparent account of our revenue and its use.
The main goal of the PAquarium project is to openly show that money making is just a show created
by the post-industrial society. Rather than just stashing the profits in our pockets, we use this project
to gather money for the good of the society, by creating a lasting legacy  the Aquarium. Therefore,
we resolve to go beyond the collection of required funds and the construction of the Aquarium  we
also aim to make the money-collection mechanism as transparent as possible, to make it more
understandable to our Users.
We guarantee that every User is informed about the progress of the project, and the division of the
collected money.
We guarantee that every user will receive monthly reports about the current developments in the
Project. These monthly updates currently include an e-mail, regular mail and frequent postings on
the Platform and social networks.
We are committed to include our Users in the decision-making process, to the best of our ability,
and to inform them about the course of the decisions made within the project.
We guarantee that the Lifetime ticket, or the entrance to the Aquarium, will be available to every
User within the working hours of the Aquarium, by presenting an ID at the entrance.
We guarantee, that the name and surname of this user will be displayed on the Wall of Honor in the
Aquarium. This is optional for user, not mandatory.
The data protection of our Users is among our top priorities; therefore we guarantee, that the
personal data of our users is supervised and protected from the possible risks of fraud and
endangerment. In protecting data safety, we can predict the majority of scenarios, yet there are
always unforeseen risks. We guarantee that, if there are cases of endangerment or attempts at
fraud, we will aim to resolve the situations as efficiently and decisively as possible.
If, in three years from the start of the project, the aquarium construction has not begun, we
guarantee, that all of the collected money will be donated to charity. The money shall be divided

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

between various countries, in accordance to the amount we have received from each particular
country. The cause of the charity will be decided by the Users who have gained the most followers.
We resolve to promote the good name of this Project and guarantee that every User and participant
can be proud of their part in this Project.

Because at the end of the day were all fishes in the one big pond:
World!

QUANTUM GROUP OU

ICO.PAQUARIUM.COM | INFO@PAQUARIUM.COM

The blockchain of the creative world

The blockchain of the creative world

Creativechain
Decentralized platform for the registration and distribution of content that certifies the
authorship and license of any digital creation making them indelible.
THE CREATIVECHAIN TEAM
creativechain.org
Info@creativechain.org
23/02/2017

ABSTRACT:
This document describes a platform that applies the blockchain technology to create a
complete autonomous and decentralized system of registration and distribution of contents,
to indelibly certify the intellectual property and the license of any digital content. The result is
an ecosystem of functions supported by smart contracts. This way, creative communities can
be liberated and empowered juridically and economically at the same time that the ecosystem
eliminates from the equation all the intermediaries that make the processes of creation and
cultural distribution more expensive.

1 INTRODUCTION

2 DESCRIPTION

Digital content distribution media rarely innovate primarily
because they are benefited with their classic business model.
An example of this is the controversial copyright laws, which
some states have reformulated (under pressure from copyright
management entities) to protect the interests of an industry that
does not seem to understand the nature of the internet. The result
is a series of tensions where the interests of traditional industry
collide with the right to information and access to culture.
As a reflection of this malaise in the last decades numerous
free software, "open source" or "copyleft" movements have
emerged. All of them use copyright as a means to subvert the
restrictions traditionally imposed by the copyright industry on
the distribution and development of knowledge.
The recent irruption of blockchain technology gives many
possibilities for the registration and distribution of intellectual
property without intermediaries. The power of attorney along with
the decentralized distribution of digital P2P content articulate a
new paradigm shift in the era of digital culture.
This paper focuses on how Creativechain uses blockchain
technology and smart contracts to challenge the centralized
power of traditional copyright management entities systems. It
offers a public and transparent alternative of intellectual property
registration and an innovative ecosystem in the field of peer-topeer content distribution that frees creators from the centralized
intermediation power of traditional digital content industries.

Creativechain is a decentralized platform for the registration
and distribution of content that certifies the authorship and
license of any work or creation making them indelible.
A tool for the empowerment of artists and all kinds of creative
people who produce, share and distribute digital content.
The platform applies the power of attorney of the revolutionary
Blockchain technology in the process of registering content
to create incorruptible time stamps that certify the intellectual
property of any digital work.
Creativechain incorporates all the advantages derived from
the innovation of crypto coins. In this way, without the need to
use bank accounts, purchases, micropayments or donations
can be made to the authors of the registered contents.
For the platform, creative chains are the ability of art and
culture to interweave any kind of intellectual creation. When
it is decided to use a copyleft licensed image to complete a
new work of art, an invisible link is created that unites these two
works forever. In that sense, the platform has been designed to
strengthen the relationships that are generated in the processes
of collective creation, therefore, any payment or donation can
be chained to reward with a percentage to all the authors that
are aligned in a creative chain.
When someone makes a payment to a work, a percentage
is distributed to the entire chain of works that follow. In this way
the payment or donation is extended in an "automagic" way to

3

The blockchain of the creative world

all the derivative works that have participated giving away part
of its content.
If the innovative blockchain technology is used in Bitcoin
to certify monetary transactions, in Creativechain it is used
to certify content registrations (distribution licenses, smart
contracts, metadata or files). This technological adaptation
makes it possible for the first time in history to create a content
distribution system that is decentralized, public, transparent,
traceable, incorruptible and free code.
Creativechain is a bet for the public benefit of free culture
and common creation as a collaborative method of growing and
guaranteeing the right to culture.
3 CHARACTERISTICS
3.1 Registration of intellectual property
Problem: Any digital content is very easy to copy and
distribute. This feature often makes it very difficult to prove the
authenticity, authorship or distribution license of any original
creation. Currently even if a certain work is announced, tagged
or linked with a Creative Commons license does not mean
that it is sealed under a power of attorney. In a rights dispute
this can be an inconvenience to the author when it comes to
demonstrating his authorship.
Solution: Creativechain uses blockchain technology and
its power of attorney to solve this problem by creating an
incorruptible and inalterable time stamp that allows to certify
the authorship and license of use or distribution of any work or
digital creation. In this way the platform becomes a kind of book
of public records that can be consulted and verified by anyone
at all times. Texts, images, videos, songs ... can be protected
allowing the original creator to be recognized in the event of a
conflict of license infringement by a third party.
	

3.2 Notary registration of licenses

Problem: Since the creation of Creative Commons licenses
in 2002 to date, the use of these licenses in works has grown
to more than 1100 million in 2015. This increase makes many
creators receive situations of non-compliance of their license
by third parties or companies. Almost always these conflicts
end up being forgotten by the independent author. The most
common causes that push the author to not complain usually is
not being able to demonstrate the authorship of their work, the
legal ignorance or the lack of money to pay the legal costs that
would entail claiming their rights.
Solution: Creativechain offers a very simple and economical
solution to empower the authors when claiming their rights.
On the one hand the platform issues a digital certificate of
authenticity that can be sent to the company that is infringing
the rights.
At the same time, the platform incorporates an open channel
of direct legal advice with specialized copyright lawyers who will
be able to guide and manage online the procedures to claim
their rights.
The nature of the copyright culture creates a gap in cultural
participation.
At Creativechain we understand that all people have the right
to participate in cultural life and enjoy its benefits. That is why we
encourage, protect and give priority to the use of free licenses
as a means of helping to reduce the cultural participation gap
and facilitate the construction of a free culture necessary for the
exercise of the right of access to the culture of all societies.

3.3 Smart contracts
Problem: Traditional methods of transferring copyright are
often processes that generate an economic and temporary cost
for all parties involved.
Solution: Creativechain registers content with a system that
is capable of issuing "smart contracts" to make work assignment
agreements. A smart contract acts as an informatic program
that facilitates, secures, enforces and executes agreements
between individuals and organizations. These contracts are
signed cryptographically between the parties and are intended
to provide greater security than traditional contract law and
reduce transaction costs along the process of contracting.
Creativechain's smart contracts mean a huge saving of time
and money for artists, producers, institutions, organizations or
galleries working in the culture sector.
Contracts can be public or encrypted and guarantee that
the two parties accept the conditions. With the smart contracts
of Creativechain any person can make sure that the purchaser
of the assignment of rights has enough money to be unlocked
at the time of the signing and registration.

	

3.4 Transparency and traceability
of consumption data.

Problem: Any content distribution companies like Google,
Youtube or Amazon privatize statistics and consumption data. This
causes technological giants to have a market monopoly, creating
consumer trends and manipulating any sale on their platforms.
Society is increasingly aware of this power and is unwilling
to cede its information to large multinationals that offer free
services to convert user information into a privatized and
marketable value. In most cases this information is sold to third
parties to multiply their value, as happens in the advertising use.
In this sense we must remember the famous axiom that says;
"When something is free, the product is you."
Solution: In Creativechain, all f interaction and consumption
data are public, always respecting author or consumers choice
of identity and anonymity. Only users can decide to reveal their
identity to who they want and even publish their information in
an encrypted way. In this way, any user can use the networks
statistics to improve their content offer on equal terms with other
users.
In Creativechain, the content owners are the authors, and
they will always be able to prove it with the records that have
been registered in the blockchain.
3.5 Distribution of TFS files in network Torrent
Problem: Currently digital content distribution companies
use private servers where all content is centralized. In this
way the content that we upload remains opaque in the hands
of intermediaries and their private interests, being able to be
manipulated by the lack of transparency. Usually they censure
or eliminate contents without prior notice. In most cases, these
intermediaries acquire the right to include in both their terms
and conditions of use the ownership of the digital archive and
the right to exploit it.
Solution: The complete decentralization of all the metadata
in a blockchain is the solution to fight against the accumulation
of power that some content distribution companies have.
Tarsius File System (TFS) has been developed to provide
a solution to the unlimited storage and temporary perpetuity.
TFS allows file storage while guarantees the availability of data
with 10 copies. The number of copies can be configured by

4

The blockchain of the creative world

the blockchain system consensus. TFS encrypts the documents
and uses the Torrent network as a parasite that ensures the
stable permanence of all registered files.
Although it is always recommended to the user to have the
original file as a proof, in case of legal dispute the TFS system
works as a backup to rescue the original file while it acts as
a method of viewing content from the decentralized platform
Creativechain.
All metadata records that link to the files are stored in the
block chain. This way no one can modify a single record as it
would not match the information shared by the other nodes and
would not be validated. Thanks to this process, we are able to
offer a distributed and public registry system whose consensus
resides in the code itself and any modification of the initial source
code should be approved by more than 51% of the nodes.
3.6 Creativecoin: the crypto currency
of Creative communities.
Problem: In many countries, artists and creators are
separated from any funding strategy because of the difficulty
of accessing a bank account. At the same time, banks act as
intermediaries by imposing fees on transactions that end up
making very expensive the final cost of production of any work
or creation.
Solution: Creativechain aims to free cultural production
from the intermediation of traditional banks and offer new and
more inclusive financing services. That is why the platform
offers the service of management of collections, payments
or donations with Creativecoin, the first cryptocurrency
created and designed to meet the needs of all creative
communities that produce and distribute digital content.
There are many benefits attributed to the use of virtual
currencies. A global currency that does not belong to any
state or government and can be used around the world without
geographical or political barriers. Being foreign to the fiduciary
system can not create debt with it and its value does not depend
on the intervention of any central bank.
Creativecoin uses up to 8 decimals divisible. This fact
facilitates the micropayments to all type of contents. The
transactions are made in real time and their execution is
completed in a few minutes. The currency is designed to be
impossible to falsify, nor can a double expense be made without
the network detecting it. The cryptocurrency is anonymous and
no one is obliged to reveal its identity. This makes of Creativecoin
a perfect currency to register contents anonymously.
All transactions and registrations are transparent and are
recorded in an open account book. The use of Creativecoin
entails lower costs per transaction than any traditional credit card
system or payment gateways such as Paypal. Creativecoin is a
peer-to-peer currency and works like cash, with the advantage
that it occupies a tiny space so you can save a huge amount on
a small file or a USB stick.
This way, Creativechain goes one step beyond copyleft by
applying "copyfarleft". This means that the platform not only bets
on the defense, protection and distribution of copyleft content,
but also gives "fintech" solutions for the economic emancipation
of People who produce it.
Creativecoin blockchain has three basic functions:
registering content metadata, issuing smart contracts and using
a cryptocurrency.
Unlike other currencies, Creativecoin contemplates a basic
value that is to register contents.
The fee is 0.001 CREA that is distributed in full to the nodes
that have confirmed the transactions.

3.7 Peer to Peer Content Distribution
The Creativechain platform adapts to the multiple needs of
digital content creators by facilitating various P2P distribution
methods for their works.
3.7.1 Creative Commons & Copyleft
It allows to view and download for free, as long as the creator
is respected according to the Creative Commons Attribution
license. In order to encourage the use of free licenses, the
platform rewards with Creativecoin the works licensed with CC
that have obtained a better evaluation by the community.
The author can introduce a work with copyright license and
set a total price for his work.
Once the money has been obtained thanks to the donations
or micropayments of other users, the intelligent contract unlocks
the work and issues a new copyleft license that liberates the
work for the whole community.
3.7.2 Royalty Free
Purchase and sale of Royalty-Free licenses for unlimited
use on any project and forever. Purchases directly support the
creator of the work.
3.7.3 Equity Crowdfunding
The creator of the work offers a percentage of participation
for investors. This way the benefits of distribution of the work are
distributed automatically among all the microinverters.
3.7.4 Donations
The platform allows to make donations in Bitcoin and
Creativecoin for all the works registered in Creativechains
blockchain.
3.7.5 Limited Edition
Creators can distribute their creations in limited edition
mode. This means that creators can limit the broadcast of a
digital artwork and sell a limited number of reproductions that
are certified and numbered.
3.8 Creative Chains
We understand "creative chains" as the ability of art and
culture to interweave any kind of intellectual creation. When a
creator decides to use a copyleft licensed image to complete
a new artwork generates an invisible link that links these two
works forever.
Thanks to blockchain technology we can now record,
trace and visualize in a decentralized public archive all the
connections that are generated between any creation.
This system facilitates the chaining of payments to derivative
works, giving an innovative solution to the recognition and
economic reward of the creative chains.
This characteristic is the one that gives name to the platform
and its final objective is to be able to create a map of connections
that help us to understand how the cultural transmission is
articulated and the creative processes that shape it over time.

5

The blockchain of the creative world

to distribute their creations.
4.2 Content Consumers
Users of digital content that seek new ways to access
all types of cultural products without intermediaries. Directly
Author-consumer or Fan-Artist.
4.3 Institutions
Organizations or institutions committed to the commons that
seek a technological way to democratize their digital heritage.

Creative chain
3.9 Creation of Dapps

4.4 Companies and content platforms

Creativechain is an open source ecosystem that allows other
content platforms to create their own decentralized applications
that use the Creativecoin blockchain to store and index content.
These platforms can be specialized in Art, photography, videos,
ebooks, software, music, multimedia banks ... any distribution
system is possible.

Audiovisual production companies, social networks or
content platforms that publish and distribute digital content from
third parties.

3.10 Social Network
Creativechain works like any social network where content
is displayed or distributed. You can create distribution channels
and specific communities where interact with content from other
authors, using, rating and commenting on their creations. The
system incorporates an encrypted chat so that you can contact
privately with the artists and authors of the content.
All interactions between users and contents are registered
in blockchain
	
4. THE COMMUNITY
4.1 Creators
Artists, musicians, designers, writers and audiovisual
professionals who produce digital content and use the Internet

	

4.5 Cultural centers

Galleries, museums or cultural centers can implement a
sure and economical system of transparency to manage rights
of distribution and exploitation of works of art.
4.6 Specialized lawyers
Copyright lawyers seeking new tools to defend the rights of
their customers.
5. TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION
Creativechain uses the Blockchain protocol modified
and adapted to the needs that are required for a platform of
registration and distribution of contents as a greater OPRETURN
data allowed.

Flow Creativechain Net

6

The blockchain of the creative world

5.1 Specifications Creativecoin:
Currency Name: Creativecoin
Symbol / Label: CREA
Total issue of the currency: 115,000,000
End of coin creation: 91,9 Years
Hash algorithm: Scrypt
Work type: Proof-of-Work (POW)
Block spacing: 2 minutes
Maximum block size: 4 MB
Minimum Confirmation: 8 Blocks
Cycle of difficulty recalculation: 720 blocks
Data function implementation: Segregated Witness (Segwit)

first phase starts in the genesis block 1/1/2/3/5/8/13/21/34/55
Until the block Fibo 514229 (2 years), where it will start the
second inverted phase 34/13/8/5/3/2/1 / until reaching block
Fibo 24157817 (91.9 years). In the same way the sequence
of the blocks that mark the eras is based on the sequence of
Fibonacci.
In this way each era has a golden proportionality where
each change of era is 1.6 times greater than the previous one.
The objective of adding this sequence to the creation of
the coin is to give it proportional and numerical beauty while
avoiding the speculative mining that many currencies often
suffer during their first years of life.

5.1.1 Currency issue and mining
Creativechain is a multidisciplinary project that unites
diverse fields of knowledge, such as art and culture, with the
new technologies of communication, computing, encryption,
mathematics and economics. From this fortunate crossing is
born the motivation to apply the Fibonacci series, (the name of
the celebrated mathematician of the Middle Ages, Leonardo
of Pisa known as Fibonacci), an ancient mathematical formula
that surprisingly manifests itself in many areas of nature and has
surprised both Mathematical biologists and artists.
It is already known that in the classical period Greeks used
the essence of this sequence, the golden number  (fi) 1.61803
that was applied to the design of their sculptures as well as to
the construction of their temples among other manifestations of
Greek art.

Overture of Fibo 450 days

The number  is related to the fibonacci sequence being
this a midpoint between the numbers describing the sequence.

Fn + 1 / Fn
The division between the Fibonacci numbers approaches
asymptotically to the golden number, for example:
34/21 = 1.69047619, 55/34 = 1.67647059, 89/55 =
1.6181818, 144/89 = 1.617977528.
The genesis of Creativecoin follows a Fibonacci sequence
structure with rewards every 2 minutes with a 2-phase path: The

Full sumohony of Fibo 91.9

Creativecoin distribution

7

The blockchain of the creative world

5.2 Visual CREA
5.2.1 Display standard
From Pyt h agoras (569 BC) who chose as a logo for his
school t h e pentagonal star, a geometric figure where all
parts ar e related to each other following the proportion of
the gold e n section, there are many cases of artists who have
used thi s proportion in their works of art. Phidias (500 BC) in
the desi g ns of the Parthenon or Leonardo da Vinci (1452
AD) in s o me of his paintings more known as the Gioconda
or Vitru v ian man are just some of the best known examples.
In visual aesthetics the reason for using this ratio is related to the
attempt to achieve a pleasant and symmetrical perception of the
forms and relationships that are generated between them
Visual CREA is the visual standardization system of JSON
data structures, produced by CREA's blockchain. This system
is based on standard display rules that use the golden ratio to
display data, documents or files on any digital display device.

the platform.
- Number of requests to each type of content.
- Number of requests to each content.
- Number of searches per text string.
- Number of signatures received by type of signature.
-Traffic and frequency
These 5 indicators give millions of possibilities for each
developer to take advantage of information as he pleases and
generates the statistics that best suit him to determine trends in
the distribution market.
These indicators allow you to create more realistic
consumption statistics, since there is no possibility of
manipulation by the platform.
In this way and unlike the other centralized platforms
like Google or Amazon in Creativechain all the people have
the same power of access to the information of the network
without generating positions of privileges between users and
distributors.
5.4 CREA Rewards Protocol
Part of the funds obtained in the crowsales (8%) are used as
a reward for authors who have distributed their work under open
licenses. For the fair distribution of these funds an algorithm that
values the quality of the content is used crossing all the data of
interact i on of the network. The consensus of the network can
vary and regulate the algorithm indicators.
5.5 Crea ID

Visual Crea Sistem
5.2.2 3D Data Navigation
It is th e multidimensional visualization system that uses
data structures as objetus or arrais with infinite multidimensional
position s and possibilities. The data navigation structure in
CREA's b l ockchain consists of 3 Dimensions. Each block of
information can scroll through all dimensions depending on the
configuration that the user sets according to their search criteria.
Example : The top-down navigation will correspond to the
works o f the author, left-right works related by keywords and
inside- o utside correspond to navigation in time by date of
registr a tion in the blockchain. This system allows to simply
navigate in the public archive by applying the time dimension
and thus check the order of registration and sealing over time.
Example:
D = Search Hash
P = Point in space
Z = Time
Rdw = Related with hash with who publish
Rdp = Related with the publish
p[d] [z] [rdp] [rdw]
5.3 Fair Indexing of Data
Creativechain's philosophy is to develop a content search
system in blockchain as fair as possible for all users. For this,
each day (range that can be reviewed by the consensus) all the
nodes emit the data of interaction statistics and consumption of

Each use r can remain anonymous or provide as many
proofs a b out their identity as they want to be consulted by a
third pa r ty or organization that wants to give him access for
any purpose that is required through the use of his public and
private keys.
5.6 Smart contracts
The Crea t ivechain platform allows you to incorporate
any type of license into a smart contract to seal assignment
agreemen t s or to sell and distribute the work in the channels
or communities of the platform. Contracts based on methods of
distribution that favor collective creation:
Smarts C Commons: Contracts relating to the parties with a
Creative Commons license or copyleft
Royalty F ree Stock Photography: Contracts based on
agreements of purchase and sale of free licenses for unlimited
use in any project and forever.
Equity Crowd: Agreements for the distribution of dividends
as participation for project investors. In this way the benefits of
distribution of the work are distributed automatically among all
the microinverters.
Sponsor License: License to sponsor contents of users who
have activated this function in their project.
Creative Chain License: License based on a Creative
Commons l icense to string derivative works whose profits
are dist r ibuted in a chained way with a Percentage X to all
mentioned works.
The crea t or of "smart contracts" that incorporates the
platform allows you to design contracts tailored to fit the needs
of each cultural sector.
The purchase of works directly supports the creator of the
work and its creative chain.

8

The blockchain of the creative world

6 Conclusion

Smart contract model
5.7 Registration Fee
The content registration fee in the Creativecoin blockchain
has a fixed price of 0.001 CREA. This price is the same for all
contents and goes entirely for the miners of the network. Taking
into account that we are talking about a content platform, the
volume of records will be one of the largest percentages with
respect to the total volume of transactions of the network. This
percentage ensures a good reward for the miners which in turn
will motivate the increase of nodes and with it a greater security
of the network
5.8 TFS files

Thanks to the arrival of Internet 1.0 and the blogosphere, for
the first time people had the opportunity to show their creations
to millions of people without spending enough money for it. In
the case of the music industry, it meant a revolution in which
producers or labels ceased to be the essential routes for selling
more records. Years later arrived the revolution of Internet 2.0
or also known as the "social networks revolution". The artists
had hundreds of platforms where they could show their work,
meet their fans, talk to them and exchange knowledge in a
bidirectional way.
Soon, the first companies that monopolized and
standardized their own methods of content distribution emerged.
Private capital companies that work to capitalize on the content
uploaded by users and without the least participation in the
company by its users. Free platforms like Youtube that were
centralized structured controlling all the content and privatizing
all the data of consumption and interaction of the users. Now
society is becoming more aware of this power and is not willing
to cede its information to large multinationals that offer free
services to convert the information of the users into a privatized
and marketable value. In most cases this information is sold to
third parties to multiply their value, as happens in the advertising
use.
Naturally now comes a third revolution, the irruption
of blockchain technology also known as Internet 3.0. This
technology marks a paradigm shift that will affect the foundations
of the digital content distribution industries, improving internal
project democracy, transparency of data and the sharing of
creative communities at a global level.
An important feature of the blockchain is that it allows you to
create independent ecosystems that use their own currencies
and their own systems to validate relationships between users
with the help of smart contracts. This combination has created
for the first time in history the possibility of creating projects and
Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO). This is a great
leap that opens the door to a greater democratization of content
distribution systems.
Platforms like Creativechain evolve and implement
improvements according to the consensus of 51% of the
network. This allows the evolution of the project is always
subject to the acceptance of its users and their needs.
This compendium of features causes the elimination of all
the intermediaries that distort the distribution and the relations
between the users of the platform. From a creative perspective
these intermediaries exert a power that indirectly represses the
creative freedoms of every person that produces digital content.
There is a drive in contemporary societies that is making a
transversal change in all spheres of culture. This drive is clearly
committed to a more just and decentralized future free of major
power centers which will positively affect political, economic
and creative freedoms.
7 References
Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash
system. 2008.
Litecoin Project https://github.com/litecoin-project
Simone Aliprandi - Creative Commons: a user guide. 2010
Free Software, Free Society: Selected Essays of Richard M.
Stallman 2009
Estado del procomn 2015: Creativecommons.org
Creativechain:https://github.com/creativechain/

Tarsius File System (TFS)

9

Lykke Exchange: Architecture, First Experiences and Outlook
White paper

Abstract
Lykke Corp is a FinTech company based in Zurich that has launched the first global marketplace for all
asset classes and instruments, using the Colored Coin protocol on blockchain. The paper explains the
architecture of the exchange and first use cases. We discuss how the exchange will evolve over time. We
explore the macroeconomic benefits of the new distributed ledger technology (DLT). The Lykke
exchange operates similar to JAVA in the sense that it is compatible with any type of blockchain;
marketplace was first developed on blockchain of Bitcoin, but is currently being expanded to Ethereum.
Every financial instrument can become a listed security on the blockchain in the form of a digital token,
through the so-called Colored Coin protocol. Colored coins follow the idea of ''coloring'' a specific
Bitcoin - the issuer guarantees to hand out the underlying assets to the person, who returns the colored
coin. For example, the Federal Reserve (FED) can issue a colored coin in the same way as it prints paper
money; it would take a fraction of a Bitcoin and then insert the ''I Owe You'' statement of the FED, like a
regular bank note. The same mechanism can be used for any other financial claim. Colored coins are
different in nature than cryptocurrencies, because they have a specific issuer and are backed by a real
financial asset.
Reporting of colored coins in traditional banking software systems, such as bookkeeping and risk
management is straightforward, because every colored coin can include an International Securities
Identification Number (ISIN), thus can be treated as any other financial instrument, fully compatible with
existing back-office systems. Financial institutions can create colored coins for existing financial products
and gradually move business processes to blockchain. They can operate the old and the new systems in
parallel and switch over to the new system at their own pace. In the new system, interest rate payments
are second by second, improving liquidity provision.
Lykke has launched the exchange initially for the main currencies, the Lykke coin (shares of Lykke) and
started two innovative projects: colored coins for music rights and colored coins for CO2 certificates.
Perspective asset classes include futures & options on digital assets, crowdfunded loans for retail and
private equity financing for Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SME), contracts for difference, zero
coupon bonds and other fixed income, natural capital bonds and more.
Lykke Exchange and all its tools and services are open source; the transparency of technology is ideal for
research. The paper provides a high level overview of the DLT, exchange architecture and reports on
initial experiences. The paper concludes with a research agenda and technological roadmap.

1

1. Introduction
The financial system architecture has grown organically. Over the past forty years, individual steps of the
workflow of financial transactions have been computerized; the business process remained unchanged, as if
processing continued to be manual. Delivery and settlement of transaction is batch based and occurs with a time
delay of two and more days and does not happen at the time of the trade. The outcome is a convoluted banking
architecture, a pile of spaghetti. Every bank has its own bookkeeping system and is an island from an audit point
of view, where verification of trades is cumbersome and prone to errors. This regime contributes to a high degree
of fragmentation and uncertainty in the market, multiplication of risk factors, high transaction costs for financial
assets and lack of liquidity and transparency in financial markets.
In attempt to rewire the current financial system Lykke builds a global Internet exchange, where all financial
instruments will be traded and exchanged against each other, whatever their asset class or the size of transaction.
Every financial instrument will be a listed security in the form of a digital token (a so-called colored coin1) and
all transactions will be logged in a universally accessible distributed ledger, a decentralized notary service that
ensures immediate global consensus about completed transactions and asset ownership. Like the Internet itself,
the ledger is not controlled by a single entity, but an emergent phenomenon consisting of its participants. Trades
will be settled and validated immediately; processing will be digital and transaction costs will be minuscule. The
ledger includes a wallet, so every owner of a digital coin has his own private key protecting his ownership. There
will be an intraday interest rate market and yield curve. Market participants will be able to buy and sell colored
coins of different issuers and change counterparty risk at any time. The number of traded financial instruments
will grow exponentially, transaction volumes will skyrocket and liquidity will be ample.
Lykke aims to become the global marketplace and establish itself as the backbone of a new and highly
sophisticated banking architecture that is not plagued by the deficiencies of the present system. This paper
introduces the architecture of Lykke Exchange and provides the details on the first 2 months of trading in a beta
mode.

2. Distributed ledger technology overview
This chapter provides an overview over what distributed ledger technology can and cannot do in comparison to a
traditional software architecture. It also compares different variants of DLT and compares them to Bitcoin,
which is the oldest and most popular implementation.

What is DLT?
In abstract terms, distributed ledger is a way to find a consensus among a multitude of servers in the absence of
mutual trust. Most DLT variants follow a proof-of-work protocol, which provides strong economic incentives for
contributing to the network security (mining). The largest distributed ledger currently in operation is the Bitcoin
blockchain. The hardware cost to match the computing power that currently secures the Bitcoin blockchain is
likely in the triple-digit millions, if not higher.
1

Colored coins is a software protocol to specify terms and conditions attached to a particular Bitcoin or smaller Bitcoin
increment. In analogy to financial securities issued as paper certificates, Bitcoin or a small increment is used as a kind of
paper to specify additional terms and conditions.

2

A distributed ledger is fundamentally based on publicly announcing every transaction, thus allowing anyone
listening to verify and track the balances of every other network participant. Whenever Alice wants to transfer 3
Bitcoins (or whatever currency that ledger supports) to Bob, she creates an according transaction, signs it and
publicly announces it. From now on, everyone knows that Alice has 3 Bitcoins less and Bob has 3 Bitcoins
more. This is all there is to it. All other complications such as mining stem from the problem of ensuring the
existence of a reliable public transaction archive and that everyone agrees on which transactions have actually
happened in what order.
Bitcoin itself and most Bitcoin clones rely on proof-of-work to secure their blockchain. The idea behind proofof-work is to increase the cost of an attack by letting the majority of the computing power in the network build
the blockchain. A sustained brute-force attack would require a majority of computing power in the Bitcoin
network. As proof-of-work comes with an immense amount of wasted computing power, proof-of-stake has
been proposed as an alternative. However, some argue that this approach is fundamentally flawed and so far,
attempts at creating proof-of-stake based ledgers have had mixed success.
When measuring security as the USD-cost of an attack, the most secure distributed ledger currently in existence
is the Bitcoin blockchain. There are alternative cryptocurrencies that add security in principle thanks to certain
tweaks. Litecoin, for example, uses a hashing algorithm that makes it harder to create specialized mining chips.
Ethereum follows a plan to discourage a professionalization in mining and switch to the Proof-of-Stake
consensus model. But the sheer amount of computing power securing the Bitcoin blockchain dwarfs the effect of
those tweaks. One cannot rule out that other cryptocurrencies succeed at taking the lead security-wise in the
medium term future, but for now, the Bitcoin blockchain remains the most secure platform to build on.

DLT vs. Distributed database
Open distributed ledger is a great platform to build other services on top, as it is an independent technology
without any vendor lock-in or other entity behind it that might abuse it one day to further their strategic agenda.
Examples of other such decentralized technologies that serve as a platform for others to build on are Linux,
Email, or the Internet. A distributed ledger should be the technology of choice for projects that benefit from high
inter-operability and versatility in use.
As soon as the involved parties can be trusted, there are usually more efficient solutions than a distributed ledger.
When the main issue is unreliable hardware that can otherwise be trusted, the Paxos algorithm is typically used.
This is what Google does in order to provide reliable services with commodity hardware. Then, there are a
number of database solutions that can be the most efficient in principle but require highly reliable hardware and
also complete trust in the operator. Decentralization comes at a cost.

3

The power of the Bitcoin platform
Open platform technologies can unleash enormous powers, which would not materialize in a centralized setup.
The classic example is the Internet, which thrives thanks to its open architecture and which has quickly outrun
all alternative approaches (e.g. the French Minitel). Another example is Linux, which serves as an operating
system for the majority of servers in the Internet. Its main advantage is the fact that a company can commit to
using it without becoming dependent on a potential competitor. A third example is the email protocol, which is
being used to send billions of messages every day. Email would never have flourished to the same extent if it
was directly controlled by a company. Similarly, Bitcoin is often seen as the open platform for finance.
Originally, Bitcoin was most popular among cypherpunks and cryptoanarchists. To this day, Bitcoin has a
significant number of proponents from that background, who love Bitcoin for its libertarian philosophy and who
cherish it as digital gold. Driven by a vast inflow of venture capital, Bitcoin is of gaining broader traction among
early adopters whose enthusiasm stems more from Bitcoins usefulness and versatility than from its technical
brilliance.
Since 2014 Bitcoin saw unprecedented inflows of venture capital. It is one of a number of growing startups that
have each raised venture capital in the double digit millions. While most Bitcoin startups are profit driven with a
clear plan for generating revenue, Blockstream which recently raised 21 million is a remarkable exception.
Unlike other Bitcoin startups, Blockstream aims at improving the Bitcoin infrastructure itself - without obvious
financial benefit. Its investors argue that there is huge value in being able to help shaping the future of the
Bitcoin protocol and being at the forefront of Bitcoin development.
The most important metrics for Bitcoin traction is the number of transactions per day, which is currently
approaching 200000, as illustrated in figure 1.2

Figure 1: Bitcoin transactions per day (7-day average)
2

https://blockchain.info/charts/n-transactions?daysAverageString=7&timespan=all#

4

Another interesting metric is the amount of computing power supporting the network, which currently
approaches 1600000 terahash/s3 (see figure 2).

Figure 2: Computing power supporting the Bitcoin network (7-day average), TH/s
(an average PC has about 0.01 GH/s, a specialized mining hardware up to 14 TH/s)4
Given the price estimates of the current mining hardware5, it would cost around 250-300 million USD in
hardware to acquire enough computing power to dominate the Bitcoin network.
The Bitcoin exchange rate peaked in autumn 2013 somewhat above 1150 USD, and now meanders around 600
USD. As currently 1800 new Bitcoins are mined daily, an inflow of more than 1 million USD per day is
necessary just to hold the price at its current level, which is high, but obviously not unrealistic.

3

https://blockchain.info/charts/hash-rate?daysAverageString=7&timespan=all#
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Mining_hardware_comparison
5
https://www.bitmaintech.com/productDetail.htm?pid=0002016052907243375530DcJIoK0654
4

5

Figure 3: Bitcoin exchange rate, USD
Initially, enthusiasts and hobbyists with desktop PCs and later graphics cards equipped with parallelized chip
architecture did Bitcoin mining. Today, Bitcoin mining has become a professional endeavor, with customdesigned chips and a value chain of specialized services. Hardware manufacturers such as Bitmain Technologies
or BitFury design and manufacture specialized ASIC chips. The miners operate the hardware - typically in
locations with low electricity costs and sell the generated computing power to mining pools, which in turn
redistribute the freshly minted coins and earned transaction fees back to the miners.
Bitcoin is valued 10 times as high as the second most highly valued crypto currency  Ethereum  thereby
clearly taking the lead (table 1). The value of a currency strongly depends on the number of participants,6 which
in turn attracts more participants, leading to a network effect. Typically, communication technologies such as the
telephone or WhatsApp and social networks such as Facebook share this network effect, which makes competing
with the number one an uphill battle. Thus, Bitcoin has a significant first-mover-advantage, which plays out
threefold:
 The more users there are, the more useful Bitcoin becomes, as there are more places to spend Bitcoin
and counterparties to exchange Bitcoin with, attracting even more users.
 Currencies require trust, but trust can only be built over time, thus - everything else equal - giving the
oldest currency a natural edge over its competitors.
 The more volume there is the more transaction fees there are, attracting more miners and making the
network more secure, which in turn again attracts additional users and volume.
With currencies that serve as a store of wealth, there is an additional lock-in insofar as it is takes effort to transfer
that wealth into other currencies. Thus, there are multiple effects in place that make it very hard to dethrone
Bitcoin.

6

This effect is often referred to as Metcalfes Law: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metcalfe%27s_law

6

#

Icon

Cryptocurrency

Market Capitalization in USD

1

Bitcoin

9,470,642,364

2

Ethereum

998,585,632

3

Ripple

220,037,515

4

Steem

190,354,108

5

Litecoin

178,558,602

6

Ethereum Classic

147,470,618

7

Dash

69,298,087

8

NEM

50,984,280

9

MaidSafeCoin

44,534,778

10

Nxt

30,766,403

Table 1: Cryptocurrencies by Market Capitalization7

Chapter Summary
Bitcoin is one of those technologies in which people see the potential to disrupt the world. It illustrates the power
that open platforms can unfold. There are various competitors and clones, but none of them comes close to the
popularity and success of Bitcoin. The many unsuccessful attempts of creating competing coins show that one
should, whenever feasible, ride the wave and build on top of Bitcoin instead of creating ones own proprietary
ledger. By building on top of Bitcoin, one can leverage the power if its blockchain, which has been continuously
running for over five years and amassed computing power worth hundreds of millions, thereby enabling a lean
business model, that stands on the shoulders of a giant.

7

The total value of all coins in circulation at current prices is often referred to as market capitalization. Updated as of
10/08/2016. Source: http://coinmarketcap.com/

7

3. Colored coins exchange architecture
In this chapter we present the architecture of an exchange for colored coins. By colored coins we mean issuerbacked securities on the Bitcoin blockchain. Orders are collected and matched by a semi-trusted exchange.
Matched orders are settled on the Bitcoin blockchain, where each successful trade between parties appears as a
set atomic colored coins swap transaction. Unfilled and expired orders are discarded. The exchange does not take
possession of the traded coins, but needs to be trusted to match trades correctly. Assuming a basic level of trust
in the trader - which could for example be established by providing collateral - trading can take place as fast as
the communication between a trader and an exchange permits, with a subsequent settlement on the blockchain.
Exchanges for cryptocurrencies can be organized with a different degree of centralization. Typically, centralized
exchanges are much more efficient, whereas decentralized exchanges are more secure as they require less trust in
the exchange. Due to their higher efficiency and simplicity, most volume is currently traded on centralized
exchanges such as BTC China, Bitstamp or Bitfinex.8 A trader on such an exchange must entrust all assets in his
trading account to the exchange. History shows that this is not without risk, with the most famous examples
being the collapse of MtGox (more than 600000 Bitcoins disappeared) and the most recent hacking of Bitfinex
(120000 stolen Bitcoins). Exchanges such as Bitcoin.de and LocalBitcoins are more decentralized and restrict
themselves to organize trades and offer escrow services, but let the traders execute the actual trade bilaterally,
whereas traders on LocalBitcoins often even meet physically. This naturally limits the achievable speed of
trading to the speed of the underlying payment system (e.g. SEPA or moving bank notes). These exchanges can
achieve a much higher trading frequency without having to resort to client deposits by restricting themselves to
cryptocurrencies that can be exchanged instantly. Examples of such exchanges or whole cryptocurrency systems
that include built-in decentralized exchanges are Omni, Counterparty, and BitsharesX - none of which achieved
the same commercial success yet as the aforementioned centralized exchanges. These exchanges frequently try
to even decentralize the matching of trades, which is problematic as it is fundamentally hard to enforce rules in a
decentralized system, especially when timing is crucial. For the design of our exchange, we opt for a system with
centralized matching of trades, but with direct bilateral exchange of assets, trying to combine the best of both
worlds. One should also note that, when trading particular colored coins or any other issuer-backed asset, there is
exposure to a centralized point of failure anyway, namely the issuer.

Design Considerations
We follow the design principles of simplicity and minimal risk. Thus, we prefer proven systems with known
shortcomings that are good enough for our purposes over theoretically better systems. The best validated
distributed ledger technology is clearly Bitcoin, with a blockchain spanning back more than five years.
Unfortunately, the Bitcoin network only supports one asset, the Bitcoin. One way to overcome this would be to
create an adapted version and to operate a separate blockchain that runs that adapted protocol. With a separate
blockchain, one cannot benefit from all the computing power securing the Bitcoin network, calling for further
adaptions, such as abandoning proof-of-work (majority of computing power says which transactions settle) for
proof-of-stake (majority of coin wealth says which transactions settle) or something entirely different. The path
of building a custom ledger has been chosen by a number of cryptocurrencies, such as Ethereum. This leads to
the risks of over-engineering and stepping into uncharted territories, which are both hard to control.

8

Market Overview, bitcoincharts.com

8

Thus, instead of creating yet another distributed ledger, we decided to make use of the Colored coins approach,
which builds on top of the Bitcoin blockchain. As the name suggests, colored coins follow the idea of coloring
a specific Bitcoin, with an issuers guaranteeing to hand out the underlying assets to whoever returns that colored
Bitcoins (or a fraction thereof). Thus, such colored coins are always linked to Bitcoins - like physical coins being
bound to a few grams of a metal that also has a value in itself and is independent of the currency value. Further
limitations are discussed in the scalability section. Current implementation of Lykke Exchange operates with
Open Asset colored coins protocol9.
The proposed exchange is positioned in between completely decentralized proposals (such as Counterparty) and
completely centralized ones (such as Bitstamp). Decentralized approaches tend to come with significant
overhead, for example by creating an entry on the blockchain for every issued order. Centralized exchanges are
much more efficient, but require the exchange to take possession over the assets of the traders as deposits, which
in many jurisdictions comes with certain regulatory duties (e.g. requiring a banking license). Our approach finds
a middle ground between those two. Only completed trades enter the blockchain, while unfilled orders are
discarded. At the same time, assets can be traded ad hoc and are directly transferred between the trading parties,
thereby letting the exchange act as a mere broker without clients deposits.

Involved Parties
There are three involved parties:
 Issuers issue IOUs as colored coins. These coins can represent currencies, stocks, or any other
transferable asset. An exchange can demand from the issuer to file a formal application for his coins to
be listed, but there is no technical necessity to do so. In principle, any colored coins could be traded on
an exchange - even without the consent of the issuer. The role of the issuers is passive, all they can do is
to observe completed trades as they settle on the blockchain.
 Traders possess Bitcoins or colored coins and desire to trade them for other assets. Traders typically
need to be registered with the exchange in order to establish a basic level of trust (e.g. legally or by
providing a collateral). To initiate trades, they send orders to an exchange of their choice. The traded
assets must reside on a Bitcoin address associated with the traders account on the exchange. Traders
primarily communicate directly with the exchange, but should also observe the blockchain to verify the
correct settlement of their trades.
 Exchanges wait for traders to send them orders and collect them in an order book. The usual order types
are supported (bid, ask, limit, etc). Matched trades are settled on the blockchain. In principle, any asset
pair can be traded, but in practice market forces will probably let a dominating currency emerge (similar
to the USD in a classical foreign exchange). There could be various competing exchanges.

High-Level Description
Traders create an order by creating and signing a collateral transaction to send x coins to the exchange, whereas x
is the amount and type of coins they intend to sell. Unlike usual transactions, this collateral transaction is not
sent to the Bitcoin network, but to the exchange instead, along with additional information about the order (type,
asset to buy, limit, etc.). The collateral transaction guarantees settlement for the matched trade in case if trader is
9

https://github.com/OpenAssets/open-assets-protocol/blob/master/specification.mediawiki

9

offline. The provided collateral transaction will never be broadcasted over the Bitcoin network if the client signs
an atomic swap transaction for the matched trade. As soon as the exchange receives a matching order containing
a second collateral transaction, the exchange creates an atomic swap transaction that sends the exchanged
amounts to the two traders and asks both traders to sign it. Broadcasting of the atomic swap transaction signed
by both traders will invalidate guarantee transactions while it is spending the same outputs. If one of the trader is
offline and not able to sign the swap transaction, the exchange uses collateral transactions and sends the
exchanged amounts to the two traders. Unfilled or cancelled orders are simply discarded.

Partial Trades
Most of the time, one of the involved orders will only be partially filled. The remaining funds are immediately
returned to the sender for resubmission of the remaining trade. For example, if trader Toni issues an order to sell
100 USD for EUR and his order is immediately matched with 80 USD worth of counter-orders, the remaining 20
USD are sent back to Toni along with the acquired EUR. Tonis trading software then automatically creates and
signs a new order to sell the remaining 20 USD.

Matching
Lykke Exchange implements a new type of queuing system for the limit orders. The queuing system is pricespread-time dependent, because it rewards market participants for quoting two-way prices and revealing
information about their price expectation. Market participants who are confident that the price level will remain
unchanged, will offer low spreads, they will get preferential treatment and will move ahead in the queue. Highfrequency traders will not be able to extract an unfair advantage from the pending limit orders as is the case
today with price-time queuing systems that are standard. The innovation translates into improved price discovery
with lower price volatility and improved market efficiency. The price-spread-time queuing system is a major
innovation for the industry of electronic market places, which use queuing systems that are only price-time
dependent.

Multisignature Wallets
To be able to trade, traders should deposit coins into exchange. Depositing coins is not equal to trusting coins.
The exchange uses 2-of-2 multisignature address wallets to deposit traders coins. 2-of-2 multisignature address
requires two signatures to spend coins from it - both traders and exchanges signatures.

Client

2-of -2 Multisig wallet
Client + Exchange

Exchange

Figure 4: 2-of-2 multisignature address used to deposit traders coins.
Two signatures are required to spend coins  both traders and exchanges.
A MultiSig wallet provides the following advantages:

10



Deposit does not mean trust: The exchange cannot spend coins without the trader's key. Even if the
exchange is compromised and the exchanges key is stolen, the trader will not lose his coins. The second
key is required to spend deposited coins.



Coins flow control: On the other hand, the exchange's signature is required for each transaction.
Deposited coins cannot be transferred outside the exchange without the exchange being aware of it.



Green nodes network: Identified clients only (KYC) are allowed to trade. A trader is able to spend
deposited coins whether for trading inside the exchange or for withdrawal. A trader cannot transfer the
coins outside the exchange green nodes network, if it's not allowed by the issuer.

Multisignature Address Safety
What happens with deposited coins if the exchange's private key is destroyed? Would the deposited coins be
frozen in the multisignature address forever? To guarantee funds recovery from the MultiSig wallet, the
exchange provides offchain refund transactions.

2-of -2 Multisig wallet
Client + Exchange

Client

Exchange

Refund Offchain
transaction
nLockTime=31d

Figure 5: Off the blockchain refund transaction is signed by the exchange.
Refund transaction will be valid after 31 days lock.
Refund transaction sends deposited coins back to the trader's private address. Once the refund transaction is
signed by the exchange and a trader, the refund can be broadcasted after 31 days. The refund transaction is
invalidated each time when the trader makes a trade that spends refunded outputs. The exchange generates a
new refund transaction after each new trade and sends the transaction binary file to the trader's mail. The trader
may use the refund in case of emergency.
The exchange monitors new transactions on the blockchain and detects if the valid refund transaction was
broadcasted. It is considered as withdrawal.

Scalability
Generally, all received coins can immediately be reused in a new trade. Thus, trading can be as fast as the
connection between a trader and the exchange permits (normally in the range of 10ms - 100ms). Temporarily,
the number of trades can exceed the limits given by the Bitcoin blockchain, as this just leads to a delayed
settlement. Note that the size of the collateral (or amount of trust in the trader) should cover the potential net

11

gain of the trader when unwinding the unsettled transactions. Thus, the exchange should measure that potential
net gain and block further trading in case it approaches the size of the collateral.
Upon the implementation of recent SegWit soft-fork the Bitcoin network will have a limit of about 780000
transactions per day.10 Today, the network processes about 200000 transactions per day.11 As soon as the
number of issued transactions hits the limit, miners will start to drop the ones with the lowest fees. As every
dropped transaction means a loss of potential revenue, they will likely push for an increase of the limit in such a
scenario. The actual technical limit according to core developer Gavin Andresen is in the range of hundreds of
millions of transactions per day.12
To mitigate capacity limit, Lightning Network13 and Micropayment channels14 are the perspective approaches.
Instead of broadcasting each single transaction on the blockchain, parties deliver coins by sending signed
transaction messages offchain with subsequent net settlement on the blockchain.

Micropayment channels approach
Micropayment channel is based on the 2-of-2 multisignature address where both parties of the channel deposit
coins into the address and communicate off the blockchain. The current balance of parties is stored as the most
recent offchain refund transaction signed by both parties spending from the multisignature address15. To make a
transfer, client sends a signed refund transaction message spending the corresponding volume of coins from the
multisignature address. The final refund transaction signed by both parties can be broadcasted when the parties
withdraw their coins.

Payment Hubs
Payment Hub acts as an intermediary for transferring money from one point to another. Traders who need to
exchange an asset in a scalable way would open micropayment channels with Payment Hubs. When one wants to
send USD coins to the exchange he/she would send coins to the USD Payment Hub using the channel, then the
hub sends its coins to the exchange using another channel. Payment Hubs cannot steal coins on the way to
exchange because of using hash lock protection16. Payment Hubs provide coins in the payment channel address
for being able to route payments effectively. Exchange sends EUR coins back to the trader using another EUR
Payment Hub that provides liquidity for the EUR coins. Issuers of coins may act as Payment Hubs to provide
transferring of the issued coins in the scalable way.

10

Depends on transaction, see also Maximum Transaction Rate on Bitcoin Wiki
https://blockchain.info/charts/n-transactions
12
https://gist.github.com/gavinandresen/e20c3b5a1d4b97f79ac2
13
http://lightning.network/docs/
14
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Contract#Example_7:_Rapidly-adjusted_.28micro.29payments_to_a_pre-determined_party
15
Bitcoin Opcode OP_CHECKSECVENCEVERIFY (BIP-0112) is available for relative lock-time on mainnet Bitcoin
blockchain from May 2016. This opcode can be used for providing revocable refund transaction for the multisignature
payment channel address. http://ozlabs.org/~rusty/ln-deploy-draft-01.pdf
16
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Lightning_Network#Hash_locks
11

12

Figure 6: Both exchange and traders have micropayment channels with Payment Hubs to be able to transfer
multiple types of coins off the blockchain. Issuer of the coins may act as Payment Hub.

Attacks
Malicious traders could prevent the settlement of a trade by issuing a competing transaction that sends the
offered coins elsewhere. Doing this is trivial as long as the order is pending and thus no transaction published but assuming that the exchange provides an option to cancel pending orders, there is no motivation to do so as it
results in the same, namely the cancellation of the order.
A malicious trader might also regret an order after it was matched and sent to the network, thus wanting to
disrupt settlement. As transactions spread quickly through the Bitcoin network, successfully issuing a competing
transaction to prevent that regretted trade would require collusion with the miner who happens to mine the next
block - something a large mining pool probably would not want to risk its reputation for as such cheating
attempts are perfectly detectable. The easy detectability also allows to automatically trigger counter-measures
such as freezing the collateral of the trader or banning the trader.
A related attack is based on transaction malleability. Transaction malleability is a weakness in the Bitcoin
protocol that allows anyone to slightly alter a transaction in ways that cause the transaction to change its id
(hash). Should the altered transaction enter the blockchain instead of the original one, already issued follow-up
transactions will be orphaned and fail as they use the original id to refer to their predecessor. The necessary
adaptations to the Bitcoin protocol to fix this are known, and implemented.
Another attack on the system could be performed by the exchange itself. If hacked or run by a malicious
operator, whoever controls the exchange could potentially take possession of all assets in all currently pending
orders. This is already much better than the risk of traditional exchanges like MtGox to misappropriate all their
clients accounts, but is still a significant risk that needs to be addressed through according security and
regulatory measures.
All the aforementioned risks pale in comparison to the counterparty risk inherent in colored coins. Regardless of
how securely the exchange is organized, an issuer of colored coins could default or misappropriate the
underlying assets. An exchange can help to alleviate this risk by only allowing the trade of coins from verified
issuers with quantifiable counterparty risk. This risk can be mitigated by diversifying coins across multiple
issuers and by swapping to coins that are deemed less risky if necessary.

13

Leveraged Trading
In order to provide leveraged trading, an intermediary service such as a bank willing to provide credit is
necessary. This is basically the same as traditional leveraged trading. Instead of directly trading on the exchange
with their own wallets, traders will transfer their assets to a managed wallet. Such a managed wallet resembles a
bank account, with the bank managing the wallet having full control over the contained assets. Like in classical
banking, orders issued by the traders go to the bank first, where they are verified, and then sent to the exchange.
The bank can then offer credit to the trader, which is added to the managed account. But as soon as the account
is not sufficiently covered any more, the margin call is issued, the assets liquidated, and outstanding credit
returned to the bank.

Current State
Lykke Exchange was developed since December 2015 and went live beta on March 2016 with wider industry
test that started in May 2016. The infrastructure consists of the following components:







Matching engine
Lykke backend (Microsoft Azure)
Blockchain of Bitcoin / Open Asset colorcore
Issuer UI (Coinprism)
Lykke Wallet app (iOS / Android)
Market making algorithms

Figure 7: Lykke Exchange high-level architecture

14

Lykke Exchange and all its tools and services are fully open source17. Total size of Lykke code in Github
repository has recently reached 1.5 million lines, with own (not-forked) code exceeding 1 million.
The development process has started as a result of the competition launched in September 2015. Three prizes
were awarded to the three submissions that were received. The proposed projects were complementary to the
design of FX platform and the asset protocol, and this helped to form a core of the Lykke team18.

Crowd-based approach to resources
The company organization is inspired by the principles that govern dynamic systems in nature, such as the
human body. Lykke implements an emergent structure, where processes are crowd-based and contributors are
incentivized with prizes in many different shapes and forms. Prize-payouts have a scaling property with many
small prizes. For example: a first prize with a payout of 400 USD, four second prizes with a payout each of 200
USD and 16 third prizes with a payout each of 100 USD at a total cost of 2800 USD. The scaling property of
prizes reward many individuals and nurture talent on a broader scale than the typical approach of just offering
one first, one second and one third prize. We successfully applied this idea in the design competition for the
exchange.
The company has a small core group of managers; they are mandated to get the processes going, fine tune
operations or have very specific technical expertise. We use the crowd process as a screening mechanism to
identify highly dedicated and gifted employees. The crowd-based management principle has to our knowledge
never been implemented as radically as envisioned for Lykke. There are, however, examples of companies and
nonprofit organizations that have followed similar management principles, such as Wikipedia, Mozilla or Open
Source Initiatives, such as Bitcoin or Eclipse. The productivity of these initiatives in terms of output relative to
cost is an indication that the crowd-based strategy may surpass expectations.

Chapter Summary
Building a secure, high-performance exchange for colored coins is technically feasible. There are a number of
trade-offs between performance and security. In a trusted environment, the highest performance is reached,
whereas a completely secure setup comes at a price of slower transactions. Both approaches can be mixed
depending on requirements. The distributed ledger technology allows to run such a cryptoexchange in a fully
transparent and open way, potentially allowing anyone to trade on it with minimal trust requirements and
providing a platform for other cryptoservices to build on. Current implementation of Lykke Exchange operates
with Open Asset colored coins protocol and 2-of-2 multisignature wallets. Lykke Exchange and all its tools and
services are fully open source.

17
18

https://github.com/LykkeCity/LykkeX
https://lykke.com/leadership.php

15

4. Lykke Exchange First Experiences and Outlook
On May 31, 2016 Lykke has launched the exchange initially for the main currencies, including US dollar, euro,
Swiss franc, British pound, Japanese yen, as well as Bitcoin and Lykke coin (shares of Lykke).
During the period between May 31 and August 10, 2016 around 500 trades were settled. The full trade log is
available on blockchain19. In total 35 accounts appeared to trade. The distribution of trading activity in log-log
scale is shown in figure 8. Most active account is a designated market maker, which processes most of the trades.

Figure 8: Distribution of trading activity on Lykke Exchange (in log-log scale). Each dot represents a trader.
To settle the asset swap transaction on the blockchain of Bitcoin, the dynamic fee is used conditional to the
Bitcoin network traffic to optimize the broadcasting time20.
The settlement time (time interval from the order matching until the first confirmation) has lognormal
distribution: ln X ~ N(-0.9787, 1.4469). See figure 9 for the empirical cumulative probability density function
and fitted curve.
The median time of the settlement is 22.5 minutes, 80% of the trades settled within 1 hour; 90% - within 2.5
hours; 99% - within 12 hours.

19
20

https://www.coinprism.info/address/anJBX5sKFK4vnbywKWE2NQa9xrvLJEqRAB2
https://bitcoinfees.21.co/api/v1/fees/recommended

16

Figure 9: Distribution of confirmation time on Lykke Exchange (in hours on log scale)
The most actively traded asset pair on Lykke Exchange at the period was BTC/USD, which accounted for 18%
of the trades; with Lykke coins standing the second most active.

Figure 10: Structure of trading activity on Lykke Exchange, % in number of trades.

17

In July two innovative projects were started: colored coins for music rights (Sheela coin) and colored coins for
biodiversity protection finance linked to CO2 certificates (Rimba Raya coin).
Pilot music rights IOU issuance was done in collaboration with Zeptagram for the song Sheela! from the
album The Lifting of The Veil recorded by Tapefly (Stim ID: 5814744 ISWC ID: T-205132833-4). Free float
of the coin is 5% for the market cap of 30000 EUR.
Rimba Raya Biodiversity (RRB) pilot coin was issued with InfiniteEARTH that is working with the local
community in Borneo, Indonesia, to introduce sustainable forestry, build schools and hospitals, while also
supporting a critical orangutan sanctuary. Rimba Raya is one of only four global REDD+ projects to achieve a
triple gold CCB rating for Climate, Community & Biodiversity benefits21. The RRB coin is 100% backed by
REDD+ credits22. The value of RRB will fluctuate like other traded commodities. Given the ICO bulk discount,
however, RRB will likely appreciate to average institutional REDD+ pricing levels. Over the next five to ten
years, RRB could benefit from a global price on carbon, which leading economists agree is the most effective
policy response to climate change.
Perspective asset classes include:









Equity financing;
Contracts for difference (CFD);
Futures & options on digital assets;
Zero coupon bonds and other fixed income;
Natural capital assets;
Industry settlement coins;
Land and real estate;
Crowd-funded retail loans.

Chapter Summary
As once formulated by Paul Buchheit: Bitcoin may be the TCP/IP of money23. The money transmission
protocols will evolve and in future there will be many blockchain-based digital assets. The important component
that is missing is a global market place that enables exchange of digital assets directly without going through fiat
or crypto currencies. Lykke builds a global Internet exchange, where all financial instruments will be traded and
exchanged against each other, whatever their asset class or the size of transaction.
The first two months of operations of Lykke Exchange has shown the viability of the semi-trusted architecture
that allows a compromise between usability, liquidity and security of funds in the toxic Internet environment.

21

http://rimba-raya.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/InE-RRC-PressRelease-28Sept2015.pdf
Reduced Emissions from Avoided Deforestation and Forest Degradation (REDD+) http://www.un-redd.org/
23
Paul Buchheit, Creator of Gmail, https://twitter.com/paultoo/status/328969714283995136
22

18

We envision the following technological and business roadmap ahead:









Margin trading (Q4 2016)
Regulated retail FX (Q4 2016)
Offchain settlement scalable to 100000+ transactions per second (Q4 2016)
Ethereum support: multisig wallets, interblockchain atomic swaps (Q1 2017)
Payment system provider (Q2 2017)
Regulated institutional FX (Q3 2017)
Fixed income products, commodities (Q3 2017)
1 billion USD average daily volume (Q4 2017)

The transparency of the blockchain technology provides unique research opportunities: the trade log has the
resolution to participants ID. Potential research directions include in particular:









empirical market microstructure of digital assets marketplace;
scaling laws and optimal market design;
intraday yield curves estimation and impact intraday interest and market liquidity and price discovery
market participants ecology and behavioral studies;
market abuse detection;
settlement finality research;
consequences for systemic risk;
macroeconomic impact of digitizing financial assets.

19

Terms of Use
Table of Contents

Terms Of Use

2

Risks

4

Taxation

5

Forward looking statements

6

Disclaimer of Warranties

7

Limitations Waiver of Liability

7

1

Terms Of Use
Each app portfolio is a profit sharing market hosted on a decentralised exchange.
The terms of collaboration and exchange are managed by blockchain software, also
known as Decentralised Applications (DAPPs). Each portfolios value is represented in
digital tokens. These tokens are part of a DAPP.
SmartCoins and user issued assets are created by a DAPP. The OpenLedger
(DEX), built on Bitshares, is a larger decentralised autonomous application. These
various portfolio token reserves are smaller DAPPs that run on the OpenLedgers DEX.
Tokens are the conduits into any app portfolios profit sharing ecosystem.
The term permissions refers to the necessary on-ramps to compliancy. Such
requirements allow participants to interact in an environment where laws can be
enforced. For example, each portfolio reserve of tokens will maintain a whitelist for each
portfolios respective market. All tokens featured on Apptrades app portfolio
marketplace will adhere to a baseline of requirements necessary to protect customers.
The type of tokens featured via app portfolios will be standardized to maximize
security and improve accountability. Apptrades goal is to standardize a particular set of
terms for all app portfolio tokens on www.Apptrade.io . Apptrade is creating a turnkey
solution that token sellers and their sponsors can rely on. Having a preset standard
helps groups create their own supply of tokens through app portfolios without having to
spend on R&D.
Supply and demand will guide policy. Apptrade acts as an objective facilitator to
the flow of resources. The terms of all token creation are set forth in code existing on
the Bitshares blockchain. Nothing in this explanation of terms or in any other document
or communication may modify or add any additional obligations or guarantees beyond
those set forth in a DAPPs code. Any and all explanatory terms or descriptions are
merely offered for educational purposes and do not supercede or modify the express
terms of any DAPPs code set forth on the Bitshares blockchain; the code controls and
sets forth all terms of all possible portfolio token creation.
Important Disclaimer: Holding tokens does not represent or constitute an equity
ownership stake, share, or equivalent in any public or private company, corporation, or
other entity in any jurisdiction. Tokens are only for use in connection with DAPPs under
the terms of any DAPPs code and do not entitle any holder of tokens to any additional
rights with respect to any other corporation, company, or entity in any jurisdiction.
2

When you sign up on www.Apptrade.io you are agreeing that you are taking part
in the token marketplace under the terms set forth in each DAPPs code at your own
risk. If you are entering a token sale for another entity or any third party, such as any
company you work for, you warrant that you have legal authority to bind that entity to
these terms as set forth in each tokens contract code.
By creating tokens through interaction with OpenLedger and Apptrade you
expressly agree to all of the terms and conditions set forth in their terms. If you do not
understand or do not agree to those terms, you should not create tokens or participate
in any app portfolios token sale.
The use and creation of tokens is associated with significant financial risk,
including using experimental software. This document does not constitute a prospectus
of any sort. It is not a solicitation for investment and does not pertain in any way to an
offering of securities in any jurisdiction. The Bitshares open sourced software
documemtation is currently available at https://docs.bitshares.org//index.html.
By interacting with apptrade.io and creating tokens you:
 Represent and warrant that you have an understanding of the usage and
intricacies of cryptographic tokens, and other blockchain-based software
systems.
 Represent and warrant that you waive your right to participate in a class action
lawsuit or a classwide arbitration against any entity involved with the creation of
app portfolios and tokens.
 Represent and warrant that you take sole responsibility for any restrictions and
risks associated with the creation of tokens as set forth below.
 Represent and warrant that you are not exchanging tokens for any illegal
purpose within your jurisdiction.
 Represent and warrant that you understand that token creation does not involve
the purchase of shares or equivalent in any existing or future public or private
company, corporation, or other entity in any jurisdiction.
 Represent and warrant that you understand that there is no guarantee
whatsoever on tokens, express or implied, to the extent permitted by law, and
that tokens are created on an as is basis.
You further agree to accept sole risk for the creation of app portfolios. You also
recognize that blockchain softwares are continuously being developed.

3

Risks
The creation of tokens carries with it significant risk. Prior to creating a supply of
tokens, carefully consider the exemplary and non-exhaustive list of risks set forth below
and to the extent necessary, consult a lawyer, accountant, and/or tax professional prior
to creating and holding tokens through a DAPP.
1. Risk of Security Weaknesses in Bitshares Software
The idea of profit sharing with blockchain tokens is experimental in nature. There is a
risk that, as an open source project, any contributor to the token software could
introduce weaknesses or bugs into the token software, causing the loss of value of the
tokens in one or even all of the accounts.
2. Risk of Weakness in the DAPPs underlying blockchain, and/or Bitshares Network.
The tokens software is itself based on the Bitshares blockchain. There is a risk that as
an open source project, any contributor to the Bitshares blockchain could introduce
weaknesses or bugs into the Bitshares software, causing the loss of tokens in one or
more or even all of the token holders accounts.
3. Risk of unforeseen attack vectors
The field of digital cryptography is very new and for this reason, there is a risk of
unforeseen attack both in terms of the underlying cryptographic protocol that backs the
functioning of DAPP as well as 'game theory' related vectors which have not been
documented to date. Both these vectors represent a risk that could lead to the loss of
tokens in one or more or even all of the token holders accounts.
4. Regulatory risks
Blockchain technology and Bitshares are improving access to value between individuals
and/or companies, some still to be imagined and implemented. As with the appearance
of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, it is very likely that specific regulations will be set in
different jurisdictions targeting blockchain technology and more specifically token sales.
These regulations may or may not be DAPP friendly and some might even forbid any
relationships between an individual or company and a DAPP.

4

Taxation
No party involved with the creation of tokens makes any representations
concerning the tax implications of the creation of tokens or the possession or use of
tokens. Token holders bear the sole responsibility to determine if the creation of tokens
or the potential appreciation or depreciation in the value of tokens over time has tax
implications for the token holder in their home jurisdiction. Users create tokens with their
own actions. Third parties or individuals associated with the creation of tokens are not
responsible for any tax liability associated with or arising from the creation of tokens.
Cryptocurrencies and crypto assets may ultimately be converted into local fiat,
via any withdrawal gateway linked to a traditional banking institution. It could be subject
to capital gains. However converting existing cryptocurrencies into other crypto products
could be treated with a whole new set of policies. These terms do not represent any
form of legal advice or recommendation.
Converting the value of tokens into other crypto assets would have to be treated
under a new framework. Any participation may lead to an eventual best practices
framework that can continue to improve the transparency and security that Apptrade.io
aims to achieve.

5

Forward looking statements
This description contains statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward
looking statements which are prospective in nature. These forward looking statements
may be identified by the use of forward looking terminology such as outlook, "plans",
"expects" or "does not expect", "is expected", "continues", "assumes", "is subject to",
"budget", "scheduled", "estimates", "aims", "forecasts", "risks", "intends", "positioned",
"predicts", "anticipates" or "does not anticipate", or "believes", or variations of such
words or comparable terminology and phrases or statements that certain actions,
events or results "may", "could", "should", shall, "would", "might" or "will" be taken,
occur or be achieved. Such statements are qualified in their entirety by the inherent
risks and uncertainties surrounding future expectations.
Forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts, but rather on
current predictions, expectations, beliefs, opinions, plans, objectives, goals, intentions
and projections about future events, results of operations, prospects, financial condition
and discussions of strategy. By their nature, forward looking statements involve known
and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond anyone's control.
Forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and may
and often do differ materially from actual results. Important factors that could cause
these uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the Risks and
uncertainties of this document. None of the third parties provide any representation,
assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any
forward-looking statements in this document will actually occur. Token holders are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which only
apply as of the date each Apptrade account is created.
All third parties involved with app portfolios and their affiliates expressly disclaim
any intention, obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The
making of this document does not constitute a recommendation regarding any
securities.

6

Disclaimer of Warranties
The user expressly agrees that the user is creating and holding tokens at the
users sole risk and that tokens are created on an as is basis without warranties of any
kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of title or
implied warranties, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose ( except only to the
extent prohibited under applicable law). Without limiting the foregoing, none of the third
parties or individuals associated with any token creation warrant that the process for
purchasing tokens will be uninterrupted or error-free.

Limitations Waiver of Liability
User acknowledges and agrees that to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable
law, user will not hold third parties or individuals associated with any token creation
liable for any and all damages or injury caused by or related to use of, or inability to use,
Tokens or the platform under any cause or action of any kind in any jurisdiction,
including without limitation, actions for breach of warranty, breach of contract or tort
(including negligence) and that none of the third parties or individuals associated with
token creation shall be liable for any indirect, incidental, special exemplary or
consequential damages, including damages, including for loss of profits, goodwill or
data, in any way whatsoever arising out of the use of, or inability to use, or creation of,
or inability to create, DAPP tokens.user further specifically acknowledges that the third
parties or individuals associated with a token sale are not liable, and user agrees not to
seek to hold any of the third parties or individuals associated with the creation of tokens
liable for the conduct of third parties, including other creators of tokens, and that risk of
creating and using tokens rests entirely with the user.

7

WHITEPAPER
Revision 1.6 / August 7, 2017

Contents

Contents
1. Introduction
2. Key technologies
2.1 Proof-of-stake
2.1.1 Comparison of POW and DPOS
2.1.2 Encryption
2.1.3 Blocks and block creation
2.1.4 Coins and forging process
2.1.5 Nodes
2.1.6 Transactions: fees and processing time
2.2 SegWit
2.2.1 Overview
2.2.2 Security
2.2.3 Block size and network capacity
2.2.4 Malleability and Smart Contracts
2.2.5 Lightning Network
3. Key features
3.1 Wallet
3.2 Cloud mining
3.3 Low energy consumption
3.4 Agility and cost-eciency
4. Risks and risk management
4.1 Security: attacks and hard forks
4.2 Ination
4.3 Centralization
5. Micropayments
5.1 Pay-As-You-Go
5.1.1 Advantages
5.1.2 Disadvantages
5.2 Prepay
5.2.1 Advantages
5.2.2 Disadvantages
5.3 Postpay
5.3.1 Advantages
5.3.2 Disadvantages
5.4 Future of micropayments
5.5 ATB Coin: solution for micropayments
6.Conclusion

WHITEPAPER

Introduction

1. Introduction
Imagine a technology that could preserve our freedom to choose for
ourselves and our families, to express these choices in the world, and to
control our own destiny, no matter where we lived or were born. What new
tools and new jobs could we create with those capabilities? What new
business and services? How should we think about the opportunities? The
answers were right in front of us, compliments of Satoshi Nakamoto.
From Blockchain Revolution: How the Technology Behind Bitcoin Is Changing Money, Business, and the World
by Don Tapscott and Alex Tapscott2

https://www.amazon.com/Blockchain-Revolution-Technology-Changing-Business/dp/1101980133

1

1

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Introduction

Since the introduction of Bitcoin, blockchain technology has grown by leaps
and bounds. Blockchain has allowed not only cryptocurrencies to flourish but
has allowed traditional sectors such as financial institutions to utilize this
technology. A sharp rise in price and usage of Bitcoin as well as other
cryptocurrencies like Ethereum, Ripple, NEM, Litecoin, Dash, Monero  has
shown the world that the global nancial system is ready for a change. The
change that will take the industry to a whole new level where transparency,
data integrity, and decentralization will become the main pillars of its growth.
Bitcoin is the most known and valued cryptocurrency by the market
capitalization. Altcoins is a collective name for all other cryptocurrencies, and
they have been diluting Bitcoins market share in recent times. Blockchain has
been the dominant design of peer-to-peer crypto currencies. However,
blockchain technology is still relatively young, and have the potential for
exponential growth, leading to new offerings in the market.
The ATB Coin is one of such new offerings. Its state of the art solution is built
around most advanced technological capabilities of SegWit & Lightning
Network to deliver blazing fast, secure and near-zero cost payments to anyone
in the world. It is designed to overcome well-known inefficiencies within
government central banks and other crypto currencies. It induces transactions
that are fully secure, private and anonymous.
However, such a rapid upward trend in the popularity of cryptocurrencies came
with its drawbacks that may threaten the further integration of the digital,
decentralized currencies:
1. Increasing number of attacks and forks
2. Double spending
3. Poor network security
4. A limited number of available coins
5. Increasing complexity of coin mining
6. Slow transaction processing
7. Increasing transaction fees
8. Price uctuations
9. Lack of malleability within the network
The solution to the problems mentioned above is ATB (Alternative Technology
Base) Coin. ATB Coin is an innovative decentralized cryptocurrency
incorporating the advanced technologies that tailor the needs of primary
market players - users, investors, and business owners.

2

2

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Key technologies

2. Key technologies
Blockchain technology is the foundation of crypto currency and is the next
industrial revolution. It is a decentralized ledger system with enhanced
security, is simple in design and inexpensive to operate. This system allows for
transactions to be done with complete accuracy because it is a fusion of
computer peer-to-peer (p2p) technology, cryptography and database
systems.
The fusion of these technologies leads to a data-storage system that is
immutable and irreversible, meaning that transactions cannot be modified
after signed and added to a block chain. Deals become final, and there is no
double spending. Cryptography not only utilized for encrypting messages on
the ledger but is also used to sign the transactions of users and to prove
these transactions are valid. With cryptography, blockchain does not require
extra security solutions to protect the authenticity of operations.
Blockchains decentralized and p2p nature means that the ledger eliminates
the need for a data-center and a disaster recovery center (DRC). The result is
that the ledger will always be up and running.
ATB Coin incorporates the best features of POS-based crypto currencies. ATB
Coin's users can achieve better decentralization, transparency, privacy, and
cost-eciency in their financials. Low energy consumption, ease of use, and
better network participation incentives work in line with doubled network
capacity, smart contracts, lightweight wallet, and cloud mining to provide
people from all over the world a worthwhile, stable, and more reliable way of
handling their nancial needs.

3

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Proof-of-stake / POW and DPOS Comparison

2.1. Proof-of-stake
The rst crypto currencies based on the Proof-of-stake algorithm, or POS,
appeared in 2012 with Peercoin, followed by Emercoin in 2013, and NXT and
BlackCoin in 2014. The primary objective of the cryptocurrency blockchain
algorithm is to achieve the distributed consensus within the network that is
secured by a significant number of nodes.
POS algorithm designed as a more eco-friendly, resource ecient, and
reliable alternative to crypto currencies based on the Proof-of-work
algorithm, or POW, that require massive amounts of energy to maintain the
proper functioning and growth of the network.
Coins of POS-based crypto currencies are created through staking. In other
words, all nodes in the network that possess any amount of coins in their
wallet and keep the node online are automatically included in the coin
forging pool and are therefore are eligible to create and sign blocks, securing
the distributed consensus.
In May 2017 the worlds second largest cryptocurrency, Ethereum,
announced that it would make a transition to a Proof-of-stake algorithm by
the end of 2017.

2.1.1. POW and DPOS Comparison
As mentioned above, the only thing that nodes within a POS cryptocurrency
need to do to is to maintain the security of the network itself. Therefore one
needs to have a certain amount of coins in the wallet and keep the wallet
online to be eligible to earn. This mechanism eliminates the human factor in
the mining/forging process and helps to avoid spending massive amounts of
electricity on creating coins. It is the backbone and the most laconic property
of the Proof-of-stake algorithm.
Apart from the Proof-of-Stake, two other algorithms exist in the
cryptocurrency world. The Proof-of-Work (POS) and Delegated Proof-ofStake (DPOS) algorithms, which are both meant to help blockchain reach a
distributed consensus and maintain the integrity of the network.

http://www.coindesk.com/ethereums-big-switch-the-new-roadmap-to-proof-of-stake/

3

4

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

POW and DPOS Comparison

Distributed consensus, is a term widely used in computer science and crypto
currencies. It should be interpreted as a mutual consensus among the
majority of its users, on whether the data about the transaction in the last
block is valid. If this is the case, the distributed consensus is achieved, and the
block will be successfully signed, ensuring proper functioning of the network.
If the data in the last block is false, then distributed consensus among active
members of the network will not be reached, and therefore this block will not
be signed, avoiding the possibility of various kinds of attacks that jeopardize
the system integrity or allows for double spending.
In cryptocurrencies that use POW the distributed consensus in the network is
reached with the help of its active members, or miners, who need to use real
computing produced by hardware to hash blocks and mine coins. Though this
may seem like the most robust and true-to-life method of reaching the
distributed consensus, actually it leads to several serious problems:
1. It requires massive amounts of energy due to the increasing diculty
to mine coins.
2. Miners are required to purchase expensive equipment to survive in
the ever-growing mining market. The hardware gets outdated fast and
eventually ends up at a landll site, harming the environment even more.
3. Such system leads to the appearance of miner monopolies that tend
to negatively inuence the commission fees and transaction processing times
and also leaves the possibility of carrying out a 51% attack.
Delegated Proof-of-stake, or DPOS, is the latest blockchain algorithm which is
currently used by cryptocurrencies like BitShares. In its essence, its very
similar to POS, but it still has quite a few changes that make it dierent from
the Proof-of-stake algorithm.

5

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

POW and DPOS Comparison/ Encryption

Network nodes in DPOS cryptocurrencies create coins in the same way as it is
in the POS-based ones - by storing the currency in the wallet. However, all
necessary decisions within the network in DPOS cryptocurrencies are
performed via the results of elections organized by the members of the
network.
At rst sight, this mechanism may look more democratic and transparent, but
it also makes the system complicated, potentially less secure due to the
human factor involved, and decreases the user participation rate, in this way
causing centralization concerns.

2.1.2. Encryption
ATB Coin uses several cryptographic algorithms for purposes of ensuring the
blockchain integrity and safety of its users coins.
The rst one is ECDSA, a public key cryptography algorithm, which is
associated with every coin in the system utilizing a public key, private key,
and signature so that every node of the blockchain can verify the coin
ownership.
The second one is a robust one-way SHA-256 encryption algorithm, which is
included in SHA-2 family of cryptographic hash functions and is considered to
be a classic in the majority of the worlds cryptocurrencies.
The SHA-256 hash function is used to turn input data of any size in the
blockchain into a string of 32 bytes that is impossible to reverse or predict. In
the case of an attack upon which some or all of such input data is changed,
the hash associated with this data will be changed aswell, making it
impossible to create a dierent block of data with the same hash.
These two cryptographic algorithms ensure stable functioning of the ATB
Coin blockchain network where the ownership of coins can be easily veried,
and distributed consensus is achieved without the risk of double spending.

6

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Blocks and block creation / Coins and forging process

2.1.3. Blocks and block creation
Since ATB Coin is a cryptocurrency based on POS algorithm, the creation of
blocks is carried out through a provision of proof that the active network
node possesses a certain amount of coins and therefore can participate in the
generation of blocks.
If the active network nodemeaning that it is a user who keeps their wallet
openpossesses a certain amount of coins, it will be eligible to enter the
block creation process by sending the coins to itself and proving their
ownership.
Selection of the creator of the next valid block is made by using deterministic
randomization formulas that take both the stake size and the lowest hash
value into account, therefore avoiding centralization of the cryptocurrency by
not letting the wealthiest members of the network infinitely accumulate
their capital.

2.1.4. Coins and forging process
Based on the POS algorithm, an active node of the blockchain network in
ATB Coin is randomly selected. The choice is based on their stake size. The
appropriate wallet will receive a daily reward or ROI for the contribution to
achieving the distributed consensus.
To fight the ination and the market glut, two years after the ICO and
creation of the genesis block the daily ROI will decrease twofold. The
reduction in the reward by two times will be repeated every two years until
the daily compensation rate reaches almost zero.
As a POS cryptocurrency, ATB Coin will start with an open ICO. During the
ICO anyone will be able to purchase ATB Coin tokens and also can receive a
certain number of ATB Coins as a bonus. The total number of coins that are
oered to the public during the ICO equals a number of coins in the genesis
block, which is 50 000 000 ATB.

7

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Nodes / Transactions: fees and processing time

2.1.5. Nodes
The POS algorithm doesnt require massive amounts of electricity wasted on
hashing blocks that are used to store a large amount of data. The nodes in
ATB Coin are lightweight and use SPV, standing for the Simplied Payment
Verication mode, which allows users to download only a part of the
blockchain relevant to their node instead of downloading the whole copy of
blockchain.

2.1.6. Transactions: fees and processing time
If we take an average transaction processing time in a POW-based
cryptocurrency and compare it with the same metrics in a POS-based one, we
shall see that the POS algorithm processes the transactions at least two times
faster.
Thanks to the usage of SegWit, on average each block is four-times more
efficient than the regular one. On top of that, the ATB Coin network creates a
new block within 2.5 minutes against 10 minutes in POW-based crypto
currencies.

Worthwhile to mention is that the capacity to perform multiple transactions
inside the ATB Coin network is just sensational in the case of using the
Lightning Network protocol - a side-chain payment solution on top of the
original blockchain. The Lightning Network is an ideal platform for the
micropayments industry.

8

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Transactions: fees and processing time / SegWit

When it comes to the transaction fees, they are estimated to be at least ten
times lower than those in cryptocurrencies powered by the POW algorithm.
Such a signicant decrease in the transaction costs is possible thanks to a
lack of physical mining of coins in POS algorithm and well-balanced
distributions of coins among all active members of the network.

2.2. SegWit
Since more and more people are currently using crypto currencies for their
everyday nancial needs, the overall number of transactions grows very
rapidly. SegWit is created to improve blockchain scalability by increasing the
block size limit thus decreasing the transaction processing time and fees.
The SegWit technology also enables execution of Smart Contracts as well as
of side chain solutions like Lightning Network mentioned above.
Due to the blockchain properties, a txid (transaction id) of a block also
includes information on the previous inputs and outputs of coins and wallets
associated with this transaction occupying up to 60% of the block size. The
increasing numbers and size of block slow down and overload the network
itself, leading to slower processing times and higher fees.

9

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Overview / Security

2.2.1. Overview
SegWit allows for writing up to 4MB into a single block. The scriptSig data is
moved out of the transactions and blockchain, both enhancing the network
performance and preventing any possibility of malleability attacks.
Apart from this, SegWit provides a broad range of other important features
like increased P2SH security (P2SH encryption key length is 256 bits now),
linear scaling of sighash operations, reducing UTXO growth, overall eciency
gains, and so on.
Segregated Witness, which is most often called SegWit, is a proposed update
to the Bitcoin protocol that was ocially released October 6, 2016, in version
0.13.1 of the Bitcoin Core and this technology is fully implemented in ATB
Coin.

2.2.2. Security
All blockchain networks let their users perform a kind of escrow transactions
called multisig. Multi-signature transactions require up to ve signatures from
dierent parties to sign a transaction.
Currently, the majority of crypto currencies use pay-to-script-hash (P2SH)
protected by 160-bit HASH160 algorithm that is known to have loopholes,
letting a corrupt multisig transaction member to steal money. In SegWit this
vulnerability is xed by using HASH160 only to sign single key transactions. All
the multisig transactions are hashed using the 256-bit SHA256 algorithm.

10

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Block size and network capacity

2.2.3. Block size and network capacity
Initially, the block limit size of 1MB was set by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2010 in
Bitcoin for purposes of protecting the network from DoS and spam attacks,
but since then it became the default value used by the majority of worlds
cryptocurrencies.
Also, an increased block limit size that is introduced in SegWit improves the
overall security of the network and therefore allows for a seamless and
safe implementation of Smart Contracts and a broad range of second layer
solutions.
Since this limit leads to slower transaction approval time and higher
transaction fees within a busy blockchain network, leading to lower overall
performance, SegWit increases this limit to up to 4MB per block by
excluding witness data, scriptSig and scriptPubKey elds with the
signature data that occupies 60% of the transaction size, out of the
transaction.

11

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Block size and network capacity / Malleability and Smart Contracts/ Lightning Network

With the new block weight algorithm that SegWit proposes, all non-witness
data in a block amounts 4 weight units per block and the witness data takes
1 weight unit per block in the same block. This constitutes a 4x increase in
the network capacity and performance.

2.2.4. Malleability and Smart Contracts
When a transaction is sent over the blockchain network, any node that
processes it can make minor changes to the signature data in the txid of
this transaction. These small changes cannot inuence the input and
output transaction information meaning that it still will be sent and
received by the right people but it can make the txid information
unreliable, making it more dicult to trace it within the blockchain.
Smart Contracts is a technology that adds specific logic to the
transaction and serves as an evidence of possession of claim over
something by someone (e.g. tangible/intangible funds and resources as
well as intellectual or any other property). Smart Contracts turn a
regular transaction into a powerful tool for accounting purposes.

2.2.5. Lightning Network
The Lightning Network is a solution that allows for sending instant
and near-zero cost transactions to one or more users of the network.
The idea behind the Lightning Network is to create payment channels
o the blockchain so that users can send an unlimited amount of
transactions between each other either by securing them with only
one ledger entry in the blockchain and using the blockchain as the
arbiter through Smart Contracts or by applying to a trusted third
party for escrow purposes.

https://cointelegraph.com/news/the-ongoing-bitcoin-malleability-attack

4

12

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Key features

3.Key features
Apart from the features peculiar to the Proof-of-Stake algorithm, ATB Coin
is beefed up with SegWit, and Lightning Network protocols. On top of that,
ATB Coin boasts a wide array of features such as user-friendly and
lightweight wallets, cloud mining availability, forging incentives, and so
much more. We've implemented this all to make our product convenient for
everyone regardless of their nancial needs.

13

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Wallet / Cloud mining

3.1. Wallet
ATB Coin comes with an array of wallets for desktop, iOS, Android, and web
applications. ATB Wallets provide all necessary features for the comfortable
daily use of the cryptocurrency and do not require much space on your PC or
smartphone.
The outstanding advantage of the ATB Wallet is that it requires a very tiny
amount of space for its installation compared to the Bitcoin Core and
therefore can be used by anyone, anywhere, and anytime. ATB Coin is
designed over a Proof-of-stake algorithm, which makes full node wallets a
thing of the past.
Since theres no physical mining of coins required and the distributed
consensus is achieved via proof of possession of coins in ones wallet ; you are
not obliged to download the full copy of the blockchain to use ATB Coin,
resulting in less disk space usage.

3.2. Cloud mining
As it was mentioned above, users of ATB Coin do not need to constantly hash
data using costly equipment that consumes a lot of electricity. However, to
enter the coin forging pool and be able to earn with ATB Coin, one simply
needs to keep the wallet online to be considered an active blockchain node.
Aforementioned is denitely a better and a lot more eco-friendly way of
maintaining the blockchain integrity and security yet it might likewise lead to
some little unnecessary power spending. This is one of the reasons why ATB
Coin oers a cloud mining service available for all of its users irrespective of
whether they are just regular users or big investors.
The cloud mining services will be provided by ATB Coin and several other
trusted third-party companies so that the cryptocurrency members can enjoy
a wide selection of payment options and service conditions tailored especially
to their needs

14

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Low energy consumption / Agility and cost-eciency

3.3. Low energy consumption
According to publicly available statistics, currently, some of the POW based
cryptocurrencies use up to 14.18 TW/h of electricity annually, which is
comparable to the total power consumption in the entire country of
Slovenia.

A rapid growth of any POW based crypto currency will undoubtedly lead to
a sustainable increase in electricity consumption

3.4. Agility and cost-eciency
Since ATB Coin is based on the Proof-of-Stake algorithm, which was also
developed to make cryptocurrencies more resource ecient and eco-friendly,
our users dont need to buy expensive equipment also known as ASICs. Most
likely these ASICs get obsolete within just one year after purchase and
eventually end up at the rubbish dump.
It's a waste of massive amounts of electricity on performing unnecessary
calculations.

15

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Risks and risk management

4. Risks and risk management
Cryptocurrencies oer a whole range of tools and measures that are meant
to contribute to the development of a more transparent, just, and open
global nancial market and ensure the security and growth of the investor's
capital.
Like any other complex and elaborate systems, cryptocurrencies as a thing
present certain aws and risks associated with any nancial instrument. In
the sections below we will explain such risks and talk about the ways of
balancing them and cutting their impact down to the reasonable minimum.

5

16

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Security: attacks and hard forks / Ination

4.1. Security: attacks and hard forks
There are various kinds of attacks and vulnerabilities to which a crypto
currency can potentially be exposed. The most significant of these threats are
a majority attack (51% attack) that has to do with monopoly problems and a
double spending attack.
A most devastating attack can be performed when one of the nodes of the
blockchain possesses 51% or more computing power of the whole network
and therefore gains complete control over it. Such attacks may theoretically
take place in the POW-based cryptocurrencies only. In such a case the evildoer
needs to purchase some serious mining equipment with the total cost of more
than $15 billion. That sounds like a lot, but in fact, it is doable.
A 51% attack is not realistic in ATB Coin network for the two following
reasons:
1. ATB Coin is a POS-based cryptocurrency, the attacker will need to
possess at least 51% of all network resources. A hacker will need to purchase
at least 25.5 million of ATB Coins, which is 51% of the genesis block right after
launch.
2. Even if such an attack happens, it wont be benecial for the attacker
himself. This attack will affect the market rate of the cryptocurrency
negatively, meaning that the hacker will be attacking himself and will suer
from losses.
When it comes to double-spending attacks, in ATB Coin they are prevented by
confirming every transaction that a specified block contains. To be conrmed
and considered as valid by the blockchain, a transaction needs to receive at 6
or more conrmations.

4.2. Ination
Due to the fundamentals of the POS algorithm that proposes a daily
reward in exchange for the users cooperation in achieving the distributed
consensus, all POS-based cryptocurrencies usually face ination issues.

17

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Ination / Centralization

Ination risks in ATB Coin are minimal thanks to the relatively small amount
of coins in the genesis block. ATB Coin's genesis block contains only 50 million
in coins, and the reward will be decreasing by 50 percent every two years.
That will ensure a stable workflow for the new users of ATB Coin in the years
to come.

4.3. Centralization
Another issue for all crypto currencies irrespective of whether they are based
on POW, POS, or DPOS algorithm is centralization concerns.
Since its both illogical and too costly to perform a 51% attack for a POSbased cryptocurrency, the centralization of the network in ATB Coin is very
unlikely.
As an additional measure against centralization, the creator of the next valid
block in the ATB Coin blockchain will be selected using deterministic
randomization formulas. These formulas are based on the stake size and the
lowest hash values that will limit wealth accumulation possibilities and
ensure that the cryptocurrency doesnt get centralized.

18

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Micropayments

5. Micropayments
A micropayment is traditionally defined as an online or mobile, real-time or
deferred, financial transaction below $12 amount. Micropayment is a small
online payment that is usually not feasible through traditional money
transfer mechanisms like credit cards due to the fees being a significant
percentage of the transaction.
Micropayments are used in a variety of contexts, from paying for access to a
single article to tipping someone on the Internet. You can charge customers
on a purchase-by-purchase basis for a range of digital goods, apps, including
access to news content, online music, TV shows & films, mobile recharges
and transit payments
In today's online world, there are three general models of managing
micropayments. One of the models, called pay-as-you-go, is what one might
consider "classic micropayments": a user is priced on the fly. This model
does not often work due to many reasons, and instead, two other models
have been proposed that attempt to solve the shortcomings of pay-as-yougo. The Prepay model and the Postpay accordingly. Each has its advantages
and disadvantages, with none of the models being perfect.

19

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Pay-As-You-Go / Advantages / Disadvantages
5.1 Pay-As-You-Go
With the pay-as-you-go model, Internet users are charged on the fly for
purchases that they would like to make. This means that as soon as the user
wants to purchase access to an article or some other virtual good, their credit
card will be charged for the amount of the transaction.

5.1.1 Advantages
Allows the user a pure a la carte experience. They only purchase what they
want, and they pay when they want to.
The merchant can market low cost virtual goods to a user who may otherwise
balk at paying a higher price for bulk access.
When credit card information is stored with the merchant, the low price of
individual micropayments may encourage the user to partake in impulse
buying, similar to how retailers put low cost candy bars, magazines, etc. in
check out lanes.

5.1.2 Disadvantages
Allows the user a pure a la carte experience. They only purchase what they
want, and they pay when they want to.
The merchant can market low cost virtual goods to a user who may otherwise
balk at paying a higher price for bulk access.
When credit card information is stored with the merchant, the low price of
individual micropayments may encourage the user to partake in impulse
buying, similar to how retailers put low cost candy bars, magazines, etc. in
check out lanes.

20

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Prepay / Advantages / Disadvantages

5.2 Prepay
With the prepay model, a customer authorizes the merchant to charge their
card for a certain amount, which is usually converted into a virtual currency.
That currency can then be used to purchase whatever that particular
merchant is offering online. An alternate form of prepaying eliminates the
online transaction and instead places gift cards in brick and mortar stores.
Customers can purchase these cards and enter unique codes on the back of
the card online to have their account credited for the amount they paid.
Prepay can also take the form of subscription models where users pay up
front for monthly or yearly access to certain content, such as newspapers
and premium content in online games.

5.2.1 Advantages
Paying a large sum up front makes the transaction worth it in terms of the
processing fees that get tacked on.
If physical gift cards are available, users can choose how to pay, which is
especially useful when the user does not have a credit or debit card to use
online.

5.2.2 Disadvantages
Merchants need to maintain a system that tracks how much credit every user
has on hand.
If the merchant has gift cards in brick and mortar stores, they must pay to
distribute them.
With subscription models of prepay, the a la carte experience is lost. Users
pay up front for access to everything, whether they want it or not.
Depending on the prepaid amounts available, users may not easily dish out
$10, $25, or $50 for a virtual credit as they would on a pay-as-you-go model.

21

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Postpay/ Advantages / Disadvantages

5.3 Postpay
In the postpay model, instead of paying up front or paying on the fly, users
instead pay after they decide to make a purchase, similar to more traditional
online shopping models. Postpay is an effective alternative to pay-as-you-go
due to microtransactions being aggregated rather than charged individually.
What usually happens is that a merchant will track a user's individual
microtransactions, and then after a certain amount of time where no more
transactions are made, the merchant will aggregate the individual purchases
and bill them as one amount.
Similar to prepay, postpay can also adopt a subscription model where users
gain unlimited access to certain features and are then billed a standard fee at
the end of the month. This is less common, however, than prepay
subscription models.

5.3.1 Advantages
Users do not need to pony up a larger sum of money to start making
purchases. The a la carte experience is preserved.
Aggregating payments can drastically reduce a number of transaction fees
that a merchant will pay.
The impulse buying that is in the pay-as-you-go model is also preserved in
postpay.

5.3.2 Disadvantages
Merchants need to create a system that tracks purchases and then attempts
to aggregate them thoughtfully to reduce transaction fees.
Users can still purchase only one item, say a 99-cent song, and then not
purchase anything else, leaving the merchant no choice but to process the
microtransaction by itself.
This does not allow for users without a credit or debit card to make a
purchase, as users can with prepay gift cards.

22

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Future of micropayments / ATB Coin: Solution for micropayments

5.4 Future of micropayments
Several companies such as Flattr and PayPal provide micropayment support
and solve specific use-cases. Cryptocurrency makes micropayments easy to
implement and send without involving any third-party to implement their
micropayment protocols.
Bitcoin fees make it hard to send fractions of a dollar as value, but this is still
possible with ATB Coin. The basic problem with micropayments is that it
requires a considerable fee to the third party (the centralized service) and
hence makes such transactions effectively expensive. Bitcoins and other
crypto currencies charge minimal transaction fees (it could even be free in
some cases), and that doesn't depend on the number of transactions. Hence
it offers a viable alternative for such transactions. The process involved is
much simpler and definitely avoids the headache of currency conversions.

5.5 ATB Coin: Solution for micropayments
There hasnt been any innovation in online payment space in the past
decade. All online payment services, such as Dwolla and PayPal, are more or
less the same and work with your credit card or bank account or both. The
opportunity to create a system that can significantly cut down credit card
and bank fees to the payment networks can be a huge benefit for ecommerce and online retailers that operate on small margins would benefit
greatly from cost saving. ATB Coin is not centralized and does not depend
on any banks or credit card companies; thus, the transaction costs are much
much lower than those of the existing payment systems.
In the world of the Internet of Things, the use of ATB Coin can reduce
transaction costs and limitations of cash and card payments. This includes
any service or machine that relies on automated payment such as bus ticket
booths, vending machines, car rentals etc. With ATB Coin we have a truly
autonomous environment where two machines can interact and exchange
funds without human factor involved. For example, your car may have a
digital wallet that can be used to pay for gas, tolls, or any other automated
services.
The electronic payment space needs some innovation, and perhaps the time
is right for a digital currency such as ATB coin to disrupt the market and
bring the next wave of technology and startups.
5

23

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

Conclusion

6. Conclusion
This whitepaper has been prepared to provide the most detailed information
about ATB Coin concerning its key characteristics and features, the most
important technologies used in its development, and risks associated with it.
We have succeeded in nding out and establishing that the Proof-of-Stake
consensus ATB Coin is based on fact to be a more secure, just, and eco-friendly
as well as less corrupt and less dicult to use in comparision to the Proof-ofwork algorithm.
At the same time, the latest technologies that ATB Coin is powered on like
SegWit and Lightning Network and the proprietary features like cloud mining
and forging incentives make it a truly agile, cost- efficient, and user-friendly
tool that can satisfy the needs for nancial freedom of any person
irrespective of their place of birth, technical competence, or social status.
Despite the potential of micropayment systems very few systems have been
successful as their acceptance is limited to certain communities such as
specific online games or social networks.
ATB coin is a new progressive crypto currency, which supports an unlimited
number of transactions between different devices at high speed with its
Lightning Network technology, which makes it a viable option for
micropayments. ATB Coin has already signed contracts with some big players
around the world, and we are ready to take the financial industry to the next
level.

24

PAGE

WHITEPAPER

www.atbcoin.com

Good for Business
Good for You

V0.5

TheCoinDashTeam
COINDASH.IO
CONTACT@COINDASH.IO

Abstract
Astheblockchainindustryexpandsandthenumberandvalueofcryptoassets
increase,themarketforcrypto-investingandspeculationwillalsogrow.Crypto
marketsareborderless,open24/7,subjecttominimalregulatorycontrol,andoffer
hugepotentialsforgrowth.Becauseofthesecharacteristics,cryptomarkets
representanincredible,newopportunityforinvestorsovertraditionalmarkets.
Currently,thecrypto-investmentmarketisprimedtoattractnewinvestorsintothe
blockchainindustry.However,thelearningcurveforinvestingincryptoassetsis
extremelysteepandthemarketplacelackssophisticatedtoolsandinformation
productsthatwillencouragenewuserstomakethejumpintothecryptocommunity.
CoinDashisanoperatingsystemforcryptoassets.
Ourgoalistolowerthebarriersofentrytocryptoinvestmentmarketsbyproviding
toolsandservicesthatmakeinteracting,handlingandtradingcryptoassets
accessibletoeveryone.CoinDashwillofferitsproductsthroughaunifiedplatform
designedwiththemainstreamuserinmind.

1

Introduction

3

Opportunity

5

MarketAnalysis

5

Initial-Coin-Offering(ICO):anewfundingparadigm

6

RecentICOs

7

TargetUsers

8

CoinDashEcosystem

10

Structure

10

Overview

10

CoinDash-MarketNetwork

11

Software-as-a-Service(SaaS)

11

Network(Social)

11

Signal-Trading

12

Copy-Trading

12

Marketplace

13

Tradingsignals

13

ICOdashboard

14

Trendingassets

14

3rdpartyintegration

14

BlockchainSupported

14

Developers

15

Road-Map

16

CoinDashToken

18

2

Introduction
One of most potentially transformative use-cases for blockchain technology is the
ability to create new crypto assets.
Such assets are increasingly becoming an alternative to traditional capital markets
because they enable new models of participation, are borderless, can be traded
around the clock, are subject to much less regulation, and are easy to create.
The past few years have shown a dramatic increase in trading volume, market
capitalization, and number of projects using crypto tokens.
Blockchain technology presents a real challenge and requires a steep learning curve
even for experienced blockchain users, let alone the newcomers.
Currently, the lack of proper tools creates barriers to entry limiting mainstream
adoption.

3

Coindashisanoperatingsystemfor
cryptoassets,Makinghandlingand
tradingeasyandaccessible.

CoinDashsecosystemincludesthreesynergisticcomponents:
SaaS (Software-as-a-Service)
Intelligenttools,likeinteractiveportfolios,areessentialtomanagingcryptoassets.
CoinDashsanalyticsgiveusersdeepinsightintotheperformanceoftheir
investmentsandhelpthemmakedatadrivendecisions.

SocialNetwork
Socialinteractionsareakeypartofthecryptoworld.Projectsriseandfallbytheir
communityandthenetworktheycreate.CoinDashssocialtradingfeaturesremove
barriersfornewandexistingcryptousersbylettingthemfollowandcopy-tradetop
investors.

Marketplace
CoinDashs marketplace is built around opportunity discovery and streamlined trading
UX with features like real-time social trading signals, an ICO dashboard, trending
assets, real-time market price tables and 3rd party integration.

4

Opportunity
MarketAnalysis
Crypto asset investment and speculation is a rapidly growing market.
In 2017, trade volume is increasing everyday at the same time that the overall market

capitalization of crypto assets [2] grew
tremendously. While Bitcoin and Ethereum still

represents a large portion of the total market, the value of other crypto assets is
significant and on the rise. In recent years bitcoin dropped from 95% of the market
capitalization to as low as 37%. All signs indicate that we will likely see other nonBitcoin tokens increase their market capitalizations.
Cryptoassetsareanattractiveinvestmentopportunityforanumberofreasons:
Borderless24/7trading-whileothermarketshavetradingset hours,cryptoassets
aretradedaroundtheclock,fromallaroundtheworld.
Littletradingfriction-traditionalassetsareheavilycontrolled.Regulationsgovern

assetissuanceandexchange,creatingenormousbarrierstoentryfortheinvestor
andentrepreneuralike.Theresultisaclosedgardenthatdisproportionatelybenefits
existinginstitutionsandputsretailinvestorsatadisadvantage.Evenaccountants
chargedwithoverseeingthemcanbecorrupted.Cryptoassetsontheblockchain
offersbuilt-intransparency,arecurrentlylessregulated,andissuingandtradingare
moreinclusiveandopentoanyone.Thiscreatesanincrediblycompetitivemarket,
lowercostsandmoreopportunitiesforsuperiorreturns.Howtheywillberegulated
inthefutureisunclear,butatthemoment,thereislittlefrictionandthefeaturesof
blockchaintechnologysuggestthatregulation,whenitcomes,couldbelighterthan
thatontraditionalcapitalmarkets.
Easytoissuenewassets-Withafewlinesofcodeanyonecanissuetheirown
cryptoassetandofferittotheworld.

[1] https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/
[2]  Bitcoinandalt-coinscombined

5

Initial-Coin-Offering(ICO):anewfundingparadigm
Venturecapital(VC)sawitsbiggestriseduringthe1960sand1970swhenVCfunds
startedfocusingonfastgrowingcompanies.Thosecompanieswereconcentratedin
thetechsectorandpromisedtoleadbreakthroughsinelectronics,medicineanddata
processing.Asaresult,venturecapitalbecamesynonymouswithtechnologyfinance,
evolvingwiththeneedsofthecompaniesandenablingthemtogrowatastounding
rates.OnecanarguethatVCsplayedacrucialroleinthetechnologyrevolution.
Intheblockchainera,traditionalventurecapitalistsaretakingabackseattoICOs.
ICOsenablenewblockchainstartupstoraiseseedmoneybyissuingcryptotokens
thatrepresentanunderlyingasset.OnesuchcaseistheEthereumblockchainICO
whichraisedmorethan$15millionin2014.
ICOsareanewfundingmodelforstart-upsthatareplayinganimportantroleinthe
blockchainindustry,thesamewayVCsplayedamajorroleinthetechnology
revolution.

6

RecentICOs

2016 and 2017 saw an enormous increase in ICO activity[3]:
Lisk-over$5M[4]
ICONOMI-over$10M[5]
Golem-over$8.6Min30minutes[6]

Cosmos - over $16.6M in a few minutes
Sonm - over $46M in 3 days
Bancor - $153M in 3 hours.

[3]
https://www.smithandcrown.com/icos-crowdsale-history/
[4]
https://blog.lisk.io/the-lisk-ico-has-now-ended-with-a-total-of-14-009-btc-and-80-million-xcr-exchanged-9
3d6ce84d8fb#.absod7id7
[5]
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/ethereum-based-iconomi-raises-10-5-million-ico/
[6]
http://www.forbes.com/sites/rogeraitken/2016/11/12/fintech-golems-airbnb-for-computing-crowdsalescores-8-6m-in-minutes/#2ba8a0e0422a
[7]
http://cryptoeconomy.info/2017/04/06/cosmos-ico-over-17-m-raised-in-just-8-minutes/
[8]
http://ico.sonm.io
[9]
http://www.newsbtc.com/2017/06/17/bancor-ico-record-153million/

7

TargetUsers
Interestandmediacoverageofblockchaintechnologyhasbeenexpandingrapidlyin
thelastfewyears.Thisincreasingawarenessofthepromiseofblockchain
technologyhasgreatlyexpandedthenumberofpeoplewhocanbeconsidered
potentialcrypto-users.Thesearepeoplewhoareinterestedinblockchains,butfeel
intimidatedbythehightechnologicalbarriersofentrytypicalofmostblockchain
products.
Iftokencreation(andthereforeinvestments)arethemostcommonuse-casefor
blockchaintechnology,thenenablingmoreandmorepeopletoinvestincryptoassets
isofthehighestimportance.CoinDashsinvestmenttoolswillattractexperienced
crypto-investorstoourplatform.Atthesametime,CoinDashssocialnetworking
toolsandinformationproductswilllowerthebarriertoentryforpotentialusersand
bringnewinvestmentdollarsintotheblockchainindustry.
ThepotentialgrowthfortheblockchainspaceandCoinDashcomesfromthe
as-of-yetuntappedfutureblockchainuserswhoareinterestedinthetechnology,but
currentlylackthetoolstoparticipateintheblockchaineconomy.Providinghigh
performanceinvestmenttoolswillencouragemorepeopletoenterblockchain
markets.

8

Thegraphbelowvisuallyrepresentsthevarioususergroupsasdiscussed
above,showingthehugepotentialtowhichcryptoinvestmentscanexpand.

HardCore-userswhohavetheirlifesavingsandsalaryincrypto,investinmany
typesofinvestmentinstruments.

Amateurs-userswhohaveasubstantialamountoftheirsavingsincrypto.
Potential-userswho,withtherightaccessibilitytoinvestmenttools,willinvestin
cryptoassets.

Non-users who hold their savings in fiat currencies and traditional assets.

9

CoinDashEcosystem
Structure
Overview
Cryptoinvestmentsrepresentanewparadigmininvestingandfundingventures.The
CoinDashproductisaninnovativeMarketNetwork[10],employingthebestof
marketplaces,socialnetworks,andSaaS[11]toaddresstheneedsoftomorrow's
cryptoinvestors.

[10] https://techcrunch.com/2015/06/27/from-social-to-market-networks/
[11] Software-as-a-service

10

CoinDash-MarketNetwork

Software-as-a-Service(SaaS)
Investingrequirestailoredtoolstomaketradesasefficientaspossible,represent
dataaccurately,andhelpstheinvestorto makedecisions.CoinDashsSaaSlayer
includesanarrayofindependentandself-containedtools,customdesignedfor
managingandinteractingwithcryptoassets.

Cryptoassetsareanattractiveinvestmentopportunityforanumberofreasons:
PortfolioManagement-automaticallyqueriesaddedcryptoaccounts(ethereum,
bitcoin,exchanges,etc) tobuildacompletepictureoftheportfoliosperformance,
risk,anddiversificationanalytics.
ICOautomation-enablesIF-THENautomationsonICOinvestments.Example:invest

inICOXif75%ofthecapisraisedwithinthefirst24hours.



TradeAutomation-enablesIF-THENautomationsontrades.

Network(Social)
Manyblockchaininvestors,andcertainlynewusers,willfinditdifficulttonavigatethe
complexityoftheblockchainspace,understandwhatassetstohold,whentobuy,
whentosell,andwhichICOsareworthparticipatingin.Thissteeplearningcurve
createsarealbarrierofentryformanypeopleinterestedininvestingintheblockchain
space.
Somecryptoinvestorsbecameleadersindiscoveringandassessingnewinvestment
opportunities.WithCoinDashssocialnetworktools,experiencedinvestorscan
monetisetheirknowledgeandexpertisebysharingtheirportfolioperformancewith
otherusers.Expertinvestorscanearnfeesandgaininfluencebyaccumulating
followersonthenetwork.

11

SignalTrading
Signaltradingisasocialtradingfeaturewhichenablesuserstoreceivereal-time
tradingsignalsfromtopinvestors.Thesignalsarespecificanddetailtheamount
traded,assets,andtheexchangeorblockchain.Userscanthenchoosetoactonthe
signalornot.Thesignalsaregeneratedautomaticallybytheportfoliomanagement
corewhichisawareofallthetradesfollowedbytheuser,guaranteeingvalidityand
transparency.Signaltradingisagoodwaytogetacquaintedwithmarketdynamics
andlearnwhatthetopinvestorsaredoing.
Example:

FeeStructure:Theuserpaysarecurringsubscriptiontogetreal-timetradingsignals
fromaparticularinvestor.

Copy-Trading
Copy-tradingisanautomatedtradeenginebasedonthesignal-tradingfeature.Users
cansetasideaportionoftheirtokenholdingstocopy-tradetopinvestors.CoinDash
andthecopiedinvestorneverholdanyfundsintheprocess.
Copy-tradingonCoinDashiscompletelydecentralizedandgovernedbyadedicated
systemofsmartcontracts.Thesmartcontractspromotesecurityandtransparency,
enablingdeveloperstoenhancethefunctionalityandofferinguserscustommodules
(seedeveloperssection).Thisgivestheusercompletecontroloftheirfunds.

12

Example:
ICOcopy-trade:
Acommonexampleforcopy-tradingwillbeanICO.Auserfollowsatoptraderwho
investsinanethereum(canbeanyblockchainthatsupportstokencreation)based
ICO.CoinDashdetectstheICOinvestmentandimmediatelygeneratesacopy-trade
request.Oncetherequestisvalidatedbythesmartcontract,theuserparticipatesin
theICO.

Exchangecopy-trade:
ThecopieduserbuysGolem(GNT) tokenswithether.Theuserscopy-tradesmart
contractreceivesarequesttosendthecheapestexchangeaccounttheuserholdsa
predeterminedamountofcryptocurrency.Oncetherequestisvalidatedbythesmart
contract,itsendsfundstotheexchange.CoinDashsendstheexchange,viaAPI,a
traderequest.Oncethetradeisexecuted,CoinDashcanautomaticallysendthe
boughtGNTtokensbacktothesmartcontract.Allfundtransfersarebetween
user-ownedaccounts;CoinDashdidnotholdanyfunds. 

Marketplace
CoinDashsmarketplaceisbuiltaroundmaximizingopportunitydiscoveryand
streamliningtrading.UsingdatageneratedbytheSaaSandnetworklayers,CoinDash
willenableuserstomaketradesdirectlyontheplatform.

Tradingsignals
Userscanfollowtoptradersandreceivereal-timetradingsignalsfromthem.With
themarketplace,theuserwillbeabletoactonasignaldirectlyfromCoinDashand
trackitsperformanceseamlessly.

13

ICOdashboard
KeepingtrackofICOsisgettingharderandharderastheirnumberandqualitykeep
gettinghigherandhigher.CoinDashintegrateswithleadingresearchandcontent
creatorstobringaccurateandreliableinformationinagraphicalICOdashboard.This
enablestheusertokeeptrackofpast,presentandfutureICOsandinvestinthem
usingCoinDash.CoinDashuserswillneverhavetoworryaboutmissingapromising
ICOeveragain.

Trendingassets
It isimportanttogetafulloverviewofthemarketandthedifferentassetsinaclear
andprecisemanner.CoinDashwillbeaone-stopresourcefortheinformationa
cryptoinvestorneedstotracktheperformanceofallcrypto-assets,makeinformed
decisions,andactonmarkettrends.

3rdpartyintegration
Newinvestmentchannelsarebeingdevelopedallthetime.Enablinguserstoeasily
interactwithinvestmentopportunitiesandkeeptrackoftheirperformanceis
important.CoinDashwillbuildadedicatedSDKfordeveloperstointegrate3rdparty
investmentinstrumentsandenableuserstoinvestinthemdirectlyfromCoinDash.

Example:
Melonport[12]isaprojectthatcreatestheinfrastructurefordecentralizedfunds.
IntegratingitwithCoinDashwillenableouruserstodiscovernewinvestment
opportunities,investinthem,andtracktheirperformance.

BlockchainSupported
CoinDashstrivestosupportallsmartcontractblockchainsforsocialtradingfeatures.
ThecurrentimplementationssupportethereumandRSK

[12] https://melonport.com

14

Developers
CoinDashwillmaketoolsavailablefordeveloperstoextendfunctionality
andoffergreatervaluetousers.
SaaS-ThetoolsdevelopedbyCoinDashforcryptoinvestorsundertheportfolio
managementplatformwillenablemodulecreationforpricingsource,tradeand
transactionhistory,accounttypes,indexescalculations,andmore.
Network-Thecopy-tradearchitectureisbuiltaroundasmartcontractsystemwhich
promotestransparencyandextensibility.Allpluginmoduleswillenable3rdparty
developerstheopportunitytocreatetheirownimplementations.
Marketplace-Enabling3rdpartyinvestmentinstrumentstointegrateisnecessaryto
promoteabettermarketplacefordevelopersandinvestors.CoinDashwillenable3rd
partydeveloperstointegratesuchtoolsandexposethemtoCoinDashusers.

15

Road-Map

16

17

CoinDashToken
EveryfeatureintheCoinDashplatformthatgivesanyfinancialvaluetoitsuserswill
requirethemtopayafee.Anyuserwhofacilitatestheuseofafeaturewhichinturn
givesfinancialvaluewillbeentitledtoapayment.
Thiscreatesacreator-consumerrelationshipbetweenusersinthesystem;userscan
becreatorsandconsumersatthesametime.
CoinDashwilllaunchatokenwhichwillbeusedtopayallfeesontheplatform.This
createsadirectcorrelationbetweenthesuccessoftheplatformandthevalueofthe
token.Themorepeoplewhousetheplatform,themorefeeswillbepaid,themore
tokenswillbebought--ultimatelypushingthepriceofthetokenup.

18

Token	Launch	White	Paper

May	2017

134834324.1

Table	of	Contents
Legal	Disclaimer.
Token	Launch	Summary..
Overview	of	the	Giga	Watt	Project..
Substance	of	the	Giga	Watt	Project.
Project	History.
Giga	Watts	Pricing	
Market	Overview..
Giga	Watt	Technology
Token	Launch	Details.
Token	Launch	Overview
Token	Launch	Platform.	
WTT	Smart	Contract
Payment	Terms..
Distribution	and	Rates
Projected	Timeline..
Team.
Giga	Watt	Project	Team..
Cryptonomos	Token	Launch	Team
Risk	Factors..

2
134834324.1

3
4
5
5
6
6
8
9
12
12
16
16
17
19
20
22
22
23
25

Legal	Disclaimer
The	purpose	of	this	White	Paper	is	to	present	the	Giga	Watt	project	to	potential	token	holders	
in	connection	with	the	proposed	Token	Launch.	The	information	set	forth	below	may	not	be	
exhaustive	and	does	not	imply	any	elements	of	a	contractual	relationship.	Its	sole	purpose	is	
to	provide	relevant	and	reasonable	information	to	potential	token	holders	in	order	for	them	
to	determine	whether	to	undertake	a	thorough	analysis	of	the	company	with	the	intent	of	
acquiring	WTT	tokens.
Nothing	 in	 this	 White	 Paper	 shall	 be	 deemed	 to	 constitute	 a	 prospectus	 of	 any	 sort	 or	 a	
solicitation	for	investment,	nor	does	it	in	any	way	pertain	to	an	offering	or	a	solicitation	of	an	
offer	to	buy	any	securities	in	any	jurisdiction.	This	document	is	not	composed	in	accordance	
with,	 and	 is	 not	 subject	 to,	 laws	 or	 regulations	 of	 any	 jurisdiction	 which	 are	 designed	 to	
protect	investors.
Certain	 statements,	 estimates	 and	 financial	 information	 contained	 in	 this	 White	 Paper	
constitute	forward-looking	statements	or	information.	Such	forward-looking	statements	or	
information	 involve	 known	 and	 unknown	 risks	 and	 uncertainties	 which	 may	 cause	 actual	
events	or	results	to	differ	materially	from	the	estimates	or	the	results	implied	or	expressed	in	
such	forward-looking	statements.	
This	English	language	White	Paper	is	the	primary	official	source	of	information	about	the	WTT	
Token	Launch.	The	information	contained	herein	may	from	time	to	time	be	translated	into	
other	languages	or	used	in	the	course	of	written	or	verbal	communications	with	existing	and	
prospective	customers,	partners	etc.	In	the	course	of	such	translation	or	communication	some	
of	the	information	contained	herein	may	be	lost,	corrupted,	or	misrepresented.	The	accuracy	
of	such	alternative	communications	cannot	be	guaranteed.	In	the	event	of	any	conflicts	or	
inconsistencies	 between	 such	 translations	 and	 communications	 and	 this	 official	 English	
language	White	Paper,	the	provisions	of	this	English	language	original	document	shall	prevail.	

3
134834324.1

Token	Launch	Summary
WTT	 token	 is	 an	 Ethereum	 token	 representing	 the	 right	 to	 use	 the	 Giga	 Watt	 processing	
center's	 capacity,	 rent-free	 for	 50	 years,	 to	 accommodate	 1	 Watt's	 worth	 of	 mining	
equipment	power	consumption.	
Token	Launch	means	the	initial	sale	to	the	public	of	WTT	tokens.	
Token	Issue	means	a	release	of	a	specific	batch	of	WTT	tokens.	
	
Tokens	will	be	offered	for	60	days	starting	on	June	2,	2017	and	ending	on	July	31,	2017.
The	offering	will	be	open	to	the	public	globally.
Token	Sale	Volume:	

30	million	WTT	

Token	Issue	Volume:

34.5	million	WTT	1

Distribution	of	Tokens:	

For	every	100	tokens	sold	in	this	offering	15	additional	tokens	
will	be	issued	and	retained	for	the	team	members,	partners	and	
2
advisors
	
	

Token	Price	at	Issue:

Equivalent	of	USD	1-1.2,	depending	on	the	date	of	the	
acquisition

Website	link:	

https://cryptonomos.com/wtt/

Accepted	forms	of	
payment:

Bitcoin	(BTC),	Ether	(ETH),	wire	transfer

Presale	Start	Date:	
Presale	End	Date:	

May	19,	2017,	12:00	PM	PDT
June	2,	2017,	12:00	PM	PDT

Token	Launch	Start	Date: June	2,	2017,	12:00	PM	PDT
Token	Launch	End	Date:	 July	31,	2017,	12:00	PM	PDT
Initial	Token	Issue	Date:	

August	7,	2017,	12:00PM	PDT

1

	The	WTT	tokens	will	only	be	issued	based	on	actual	existing	facility	capacity.		More	WTT	tokens	will	be	issued	
as	the	facility	capacity	is	increased	through	future	build	outs.	
2
	See	Section	Distribution	and	Rates	for	details.

4
134834324.1

Overview	of	the	Giga	Watt	Project
Substance	of	the	Giga	Watt	Project
The	Giga	Watt	Project	is	built	in	partnership	between	Giga	Watt,	Inc.	a	U.S.	company	(Giga	
Watt	or	Company),	which	offers	mining	hosting	services	at	its	Wenatchee,	WA	facilities,	
and	GigaWatt	Pte.	Ltd.,	a	Singapore	company	(Partner),	which	sells	mining	equipment	to	
customers	worldwide.	
Giga	Watt	is	a	full-service	mining	solution	provider.	Giga	Watt	offers	turnkey	mining	services	
or	 custom	 packages	 tailored	 to	 clients	 needs:	 full	 range	 of	 mining	 services	 from	 hosting,	
maintenance	and	repair	to	private	blockchain	servicing.	The	Partner	offers	equipment	sales	
through	Giga	Watts	web	site3.	
Giga	Watts	standard	turnkey	solution	includes	purchase	and	delivery	of	mining	equipment	
through	 its	 Partner	 with	 its	 subsequent	 setup	 and	 hosting	 at	 Giga	 Watts	 facilities	 in	
Wenatchee,	WA,	with	hosting	fees	starting	as	low	as	7.5	USD	cents/kW/hour4,	zero	setup	fees	
(for	equipment	purchased	through	its	Partner)	and	uniquely	low	minimum	facility	entrance	
threshold	of	1	miner	of	any	model.	
Giga	Watt	can	host	a	wide	range	of	mining	equipment	models	commonly	used	by	miners;	
many	popular	models	are	offered	for	sale	by	its	Partner.	
Giga	Watt	also	offers	a	variety	of	custom	packages	and	services,	so	that	clients	who	own	their	
mining	equipment,	including	the	models	not	distributed	by	Giga	Watts	Partner,	can	still	host	
it	at	Giga	Watts	facility:	Giga	Watt	can	accommodate	any	ASIC	or	GPU-based	miners5.	
Giga	Watt	mines	all	scalable	cryptocurrencies.	The	decision	on	what	currency	to	mine	is	made	
by	 the	 customers	 who	 own	 the	 mining	 equipment.	 However,	 at	 this	 stage	 it	 is	 technically	
impossible	for	Giga	Watt	to	offer	all	available	options	to	retail	customers.	Currently,	retail	
customers	can	mine	only	BTC,	ETH,	and	LTC6.	
Your	choice	of	equipment	also	determines	which	mining	pool	you	can	use.	The	following	three	
pools	are	available	to	Giga	Watts	clients:	Slush	Pool	to	mine	bitcoins,	NanoPool	for	Ethereum	
and	LitecoinPool	for	LTC7.		
3

The	sales	and	delivery	of	equipment	is	offered	through	the	Partner's	sales	module	on	Giga	Watts	web	
site	.		
4
See	details	in	Giga	Watts	Pricing	section	below.
5
ASIC-based	miners	are	used	to	mine	bitcoin	or	litecoin,	GPU-based	equipment	is	used	to	mine	other	
altcoins.	
6
	Giga	Watt	is	working	on	expanding	this	list	of	currencies	in	the	future.
7
	List	of	mining	pools	may	be	revised	in	the	future.

5
134834324.1

A	miner	is	a	piece	of	equipment	operating	24/7	under	extremely	high	load,	so	failures	and	
breakdowns	 are	 quite	 common.	 Miners	 have	 to	 be	 shipped	 to	 service	 centers	 for	 repairs,	
which	takes	time,	especially	if	a	service	center	is	located	abroad,	and	every	day	of	downtime	
means	 a	 loss	 of	 mining	 profit.	 Giga	 Watts	 on-site	 service	 center	 minimizes	 the	 downtime	
(93.5%	minimum	uptime),	thereby	achieving	more	efficient	mining.
Although	it	is	common	practice	in	the	industry	not	to	disclose	the	details	of	mining	facilities,	
including	 their	 locations,	 in	 order	 to	 preserve	 trade	 secrets	 and	 shut	 competitors	 out	 of	
inexpensive	 power	 locations,	 Giga	 Watt	 believes	 in	 complete	 transparency.	 Years	 of	
experience	in	the	mining	business	demonstrate	that	running	a	competitive	company	takes	
more	than	the	ability	to	copy.	This	is	why	every	two	weeks	Giga	Watt	welcomes	visitors	to	its	
Open	House	in	Wenatchee	to	personally	tour	the	mining	facility.

Project	History
In	 2010,	 a	 software	 engineer	 and	 10-year	 veteran	 startup	 entrepreneur	 Dave	 Carlson	 first	
came	 across	 Bitcoin.	 He's	 been	 innovating	 in	 the	 space	 ever	 since.	 In	 2012	 he	 founded	
MegaBigPower	 with	 the	 goal	 of	 building	 the	 worlds	 first	 megawatt-scale	 Bitcoin	 mining	
center	 and	 identifying	 the	 key	 design	 parameters	 required	 to	 successfully	 scale	 up	 the	
business	 of	 Blockchain	 transaction	 processing.	 Soon	 it	 became	 one	 of	 the	 largest	 singleoperator	mines	in	the	world.
Now,	 MegaBigPower	 has	 re-branded	 as	 Giga	 Watt,	 which	 completed	 the	 construction	 of	
3	 mining	 facilities	 designed	 by	 the	 original	 MegaBigPower	 team	 and	 built	 under	 their	
supervision	(250kW,	1MW	and	1MW).	The	opportunity	to	use	these	facilities	is	now	being	
offered	 for	 tokenization.	 All	 three	 facilities	 are	 in	 operation	 and	 mostly	 rented	 out	 (actual	
numbers	are	placed	and	updated	regularly	here	-	https://cryptonomos.com/wtt/#/capacity).	
Giga	Watt	continues	to	build	new	units	with	its	own	resources8.

Giga	Watts	Pricing
Giga	Watts	pricing	structure	for	standard	turnkey	solution	consists	of	a	one-time	charge	for	
the	purchase	of	miners	and	daily	charges	for	hosting	services,	which	include:
-	 effective	electricity	cost;
-	 maintenance	fee;	and
8

See	details	in	the	Timeline	Section.	Tokens	are	issued	only	when	new	processing	center	capacity	becomes	
available	for	the	use	of	the	token	holders.

6
134834324.1

-	 facility	rental	fee.
Miners	Purchase:	
Four	 models	 of	 mining	 equipment9	 are	 currently	 available	 for	 purchase	 through	 GigaWatt.com:

Current	 prices	 and	 specifications	 are	 regularly	 published	 and	 updated	 at	 https://gigawatt.com/promo/prices.	

	

Hosting	fees10:

9

	The	list	of	models	may	be	revised	in	the	future.	Equipment's	description	may	be	revised	at	any	time	to	reflect	
the	manufacturers	specifications.	
10
	Hosting	fees	may	be	revised	in	the	future.	

7
134834324.1

Payments	for	hosting	services	(electricity,	maintenance,	rental	fees)	are	deducted	daily	from	
the	 mining	 rewards.	 Giga	 Watt	 does	 not	 charge	 any	 fees	 for	 transfers	 and	 withdrawals	 of	
funds;	however,	third	parties	may	charge	fees	to	transfer	funds	or	withdraw	them	from	the	
account	on	Giga	Watts	platform).
Clients	who	have	their	own	mining	equipment	can	host	it	at	Giga	Watt	at	the	same	hosting	
prices,	with	the	only	difference	of	paying	the	following	setup	fees:	USD	20	per	ASIC-based	
miner,	USD	40	per	GPU-based	miner11.	
Giga	 Watt's	 service	 center	 also	 provides	 an	 add-on	 paid	 option	 of	 emergency	 equipment	
repairs.	The	cost	of	service	depends	on	the	nature	of	performed	repairs.	

Market	Overview
Generally,	only	four	options	exist	on	the	market	for	cryptomining.	These	are:	(i)	to	operate	
miners	from	home;	(ii)	to	use	cloud	mining;	(iii)	to	host	your	own	miners	at	third-party	hosting	
facilities;	or	(iiii)	to	build	proprietary	mining	facilities.	The	first	two	options	are	intended	for	
private	party	mining,	and	the	latter	two	are	designed	for	businesses.	Now,	however,	through	
its	low	fees	and	extremely	low	minimum	entrance	threshold,	Giga	Watt	is	able	to	offer	a	fifth	
option:	competitive	services	which	could	be	used	not	only	by	the	clients	of	hosting	companies	
but	also	serve	as	an	alternative	to	home	mining,	cloud	mining	and	self-built	facilities.	

11

	Setup	fees	may	be	revised	in	the	future.	

8
134834324.1

Aside	 from	 the	 numbers,	 home	 mining	 is	 both	 expensive	 and	 demanding:	 it	 requires	 the	
owner's	constant	attention,	and	miners	are	quite	noisy,	which	many	find	objectionable.	Cloud	
mining	is	extremely	opaque:	As	a	rule,	users	have	no	knowledge	of	their	equipments	brand	
name,	model	number,	serial	number,	power	efficiency	and	consumption,	breakdown	of	costs,	
mining	pool	name	or	even	the	location	of	the	facility.	Self-built	farms	require	experts	and	fullfledged	business	operations,	which	is	risky:	any	mistake	may	cost	millions.	Third-party	hosting	
provides	 a	 viable	 alternative	 but	 there	 is	 currently	 a	 dire	 shortage	 of	 these	 services:	 the	
demand	greatly	exceeds	the	supply.	
Whats	more,	effective	electricity	cost	offered	by	Giga	Watt	is	currently	among	the	lowest	
feasible,	and	even	taken	together	with	other	fees	it	is	still	comparable	to	average	electricity	
rates	worldwide.	

Electricity	rates	worldwide	(USD	cents	per	kW/h)
All	of	this	makes	Giga	Watts	expansion	extremely	timely	and	relevant.

Giga	Watt	Technology
In	the	past	4	years,	Giga	Watts	team	built	5	air-cooled	mining	facilities.	This	experience	gave	
them	the	expertise	to	select,	build	and	employ	the	best	technologies	for	mining.	From	their	
experience	Dave	Carlson	and	his	team	discovered	that	large	monolithic	processing	centers	
are	not	optimal	for	mining.		
9
134834324.1

The	latest	technology	embodying	this	knowledge	at	Giga	Watts	facility	in	Wenatchee,	WA	is	
the	proprietary	Giga	Pods	solution	which	takes	advantage	of	the	mining	hardware's	extremely	
high	power	density,	avoids	active	cooling	consumption,	and	saves	power	for	high-efficiency	
mining,	 thus	 minimizing	 costs	 in	 every	 aspect	 of	 mining	 operations.	 Giga	 Pods	 can	
accommodate	 any	 type	 of	 miners.	 This	 model	 will	 be	 the	 cornerstone	 of	 Giga	 Watts	
expansion12.	
Giga	Watt's	distinctive	infrastructure	consists	of	numerous	autonomous	units.	This	approach	
offers	flexibility	in	the	processing	centers	design	and	record-fast	expansion	of	its	capacity.	It	
also	minimizes	construction	costs	and	allows	to	utilize	first	units	while	new	units	are	being	
built.	
The	final	Giga	Pod	model	will	be	completed	before	the	end	of	the	Token	Launch.	Status	of	the	
construction	can	be	checked	here	-	https://cryptonomos.com/wtt/#/capacity.

12

	Actual	dimensions,	processing	power	and	other	characteristics	may	vary	slightly.

10
134834324.1

Size:	12'x48'	
Independent	fiber-optic	Internet	connection
High-pressure	 fans	 constantly	 circulate	 fresh	 air	 through	 the	 pod.	 Filtered	 air	 intakes	 are	
positioned	on	one	side,	with	exhaust	fans	on	the	other.	Rain	and	snow	fallout	area	provides	
cool	shade	at	intake.	Shade	placement	of	transformers	ensures	higher	efficiency	and	better	
longevity.
Single	 mining	 wall	 inside	 the	 pod	 ensures	 cool	 air	 circulation	 around	 miners.	 All	 heatproducing	equipment	is	arranged	next	to	exhaust	fans.
Grass-covered	 campus	 reduces	 dust,	 cutting	 down	 on	 intake	 filters	 maintenance	 costs.	
Arrangement	of	Pods	with	exhaust	fans	facing	each	other	(hot	aisle-cold	aisle),	in-line	with	
prevailing	wind	air	currents,	clears	warm	air	efficiently.	Network	autonomy	minimizes	outage	
risks	for	the	entire	operation.
Minimum	processing	power	of	each	Giga	Pod	is	750	kW.	Processing	power	depends	on	the	
equipment	each	Pod	is	designed	to	accommodate.	A	Pod	designed	to	accommodate	bitcoin	
miners	and	GPUs13	or	only	GPUs	can	have	minimum	processing	power.	A	Pod	designed	to	
accommodate	only	bitcoin	miners	can	house	up	to	1.75	MW,	but	requires	more	vents	and	
heavier-duty	inside	wiring	and	equipment,	which	will	proportionally	increase	the	construction	
costs.
The	 choice	 of	 the	 required	 processing	 power	 is	 determined	 by	 the	 market	 demand.	 Giga	
Watts	team	chooses	the	most	suitable	Pod	outfit	option	based	on	the	agreements	with	its	
current	and	potential	customers	and	their	equipment	hosting	needs.
13

	GPU	is	a	graphics	processing	unit	which	can	be	used	to	mine	Ethereum	and	certain	other	cryptocurrencies.

11
134834324.1

Token	Launch	Details
Token	Launch	Overview
Our	goal	is	to	offer	the	token	holders	access	to	both	an	exciting	new	world	of	technology	and	
the	 cryptocurrency	 mining	 business.	 Generally,	 mining	 turnover	 is	 comprised	 of	 three	
components:	(i)	electricity	cost;	(ii)	mining	hosting	cost;	and	(iii)	mining	net	profits.	Net	profits	
can	vary	greatly	depending	on	mining	equipment,	while	costs	are	constant	and	predictable	
and	consume	the	lions	share	of	the	potential	profits.		

	
This	infographic	is	an	example	based	on	the	calculations	from	April	28,	
2017.	The	numbers	may	vary	significantly	due	to	the	rate	fluctuations,	
mining	difficulty	increase,	and	other	factors.	

Under	the	existing	partnership	arrangements	between	Giga	Watt	and	its	Partner,	the	Partner	
is	 offered	 access	 to	 Giga	 Watt's	 facility	 at	 an	 unprecedentedly	 low	 hosting	 rate,	 which	
significantly	 increases	 mining	 rewards.	 Now,	 through	 the	 tokenization	 process,	 this	 low	
hosting	rate	can	be	passed	to	all	token	holders.		
Each	Giga	Watt	Project	Token	(WTT)	represents	the	right	to	use	the	Giga	Watt	processing	
center's	 capacity,	 rent-free	 for	 50	 years,	 to	 accommodate	 1	 Watt's	 worth	 of	 mining	
equipment	power	consumption.	So	to	provision	and	use	your	mining	equipment	rent-free,	
you	 will	 need	 to	 purchase	 the	 number	 of	 tokens	 equal	 to	 your	 equipment's	 power	
consumption:

Token	owners	can	use	this	capacity	to	accommodate	their	own	miners	or	to	rent	it	out	to	
other	 users.	 Essentially,	 this	 is	 access	 to	 professional	 mining	 	 with	 an	 extraordinarily	 low	
12
134834324.1

entrance	threshold.	In	fact,	it	could	be	compared	to	membership	in	an	elite	private	mining	
club.	

Giga	Watt's	hosting	fee	typically	consists	of	effective	electricity	cost,	maintenance	fee	and	
rental	fee.	Token	owners	pay	zero	rent,	which	drastically	reduces	their	ongoing	costs:	their	
hosting	fee	is	comprised	only	of	effective	electricity	cost	and	maintenance	fee.	

	
To	be	used,	tokens	should	be	deposited	in	the	token	holders	account	with	Partner	placed	on	
Giga	Watts	website14.	When	token	holders	buy	miners	from	the	Partner	through	Giga	Watts	
website,	 miners	 available	 to	 them	 will	 be	 automatically	 displayed	 in	 their	 accounts	 and	
matched	 with	 their	 tokens.	 If	 at	 the	 time	 of	 token	 purchase	 a	 token	 holder	 already	 owns	
miners,	they	can	be	matched	with	tokens	manually15.	
Token	holders	can	also	rent	out	their	extra	tokens	if	they	have	more	tokens	than	they	need	
to	accommodate	their	miners.	
	

14

Token	holders	manage	their	tokens	through	the	Partner's	token	holder	account	module	on	Giga	Watts	
web	site.	
15
	Please	contact	the	support	team	for	manual	matching.

13
134834324.1

Renting	Tokens	
Token	holders	who	are	not	personally	interested	in	mining	or	have	spare	tokens	can	rent	them	
out	via	the	Partner's	rental	module	on	Giga	Watts	web-site16,	choosing	one	of	the	rental	fees	
set	by	Giga	Watt.	Token	rental	fees	are	the	same	as	the	Giga	Watt's	facility	rental	fees,	which	
are	4.20,	4.95,	5.7	and	6.45	US	cents/kW/h,	depending	on	the	number	of	miners	hosted	(see	
Section	"Giga	Watt's	pricing").	It	translates	into	daily	rental	income	of	0.1-0.15	per	token	
(37-57	per	year).	
To	take	advantage	of	this	option,	Giga	Watts	clients	who	do	not	have	their	own	tokens	and	
token	 holders	 who	 need	 additional	 tokens	 or	 have	 spare	 tokens,	 place	 orders	 seeking	 or	
offering	tokens	for	rent	on	the	Partner's	rental	module	on	Giga	Watts	website.	Each	order	
specifies	the	number	of	tokens,	the	rental	fee	which	the	token	holder	is	looking	to	receive	or	
which	the	client	has	to	pay	according	to	the	applicable	pricing	plan.	Token	holders	and	clients	
can	view	the	lists	of	these	orders,	sorted	by	their	value	to	the	viewer,	and	choose	a	suitable	
option	or	place	their	own	order.	
After	the	completion	of	the	Token	Launch,	hosting	of	miners	will	only	be	available	to	retail	
clients	through	tokens.	Consequently,	the	clients	who	do	not	own	tokens	will	have	to	rent	
them	from	their	owners.	Customers	who	had	their	miners	hosted	with	Giga	Watt	before	the	
start	of	the	Token	Launch	will	continue	to	be	served.	Their	hosting	fees	will	cover	the	rental	
fees	 for	 token	 holders	 who	 rent	 out	 their	 tokens.	 However,	 after	 the	 end	 of	 their	 miners'	
lifecycle	they	will	be	able	to	host	their	new	miners	with	Giga	Watt	only	if	at	that	time	there	
are	token	holders	willing	to	rent	out	sufficient	number	of	tokens.	
Rental	fees	are	deducted	from	their	mining	rewards	daily	and	paid	to	the	token	holder	via	a	
third	party	splitter.	Giga	Watt	and	Partner	do	not	charge	any	fees	for	the	use	of	the	rental	
module;	however,	third	parties	may	charge	fees	to	transfer	funds	or	to	withdraw	them	from	
the	token	holders	account	on	Giga	Watts	web-site.	
There	is	currently	a	dire	shortage	of	mining	hosting	services:	the	demand	greatly	exceeds	the	
supply.	 Furthermore	 Giga	 Watts	 pricing	 packages	 are	 suitable	 for	 technology	 companies,	

16

	The	matching	of	token	holders'	and	Giga	Watt's	clients	orders	for	tokens	offered	or	sought	for	rent	is	offered	
through	the	Partner's	token	rental	module	on	Giga	Watt's	website.		

14
134834324.1

mining	farms,	cloud-mining	projects,	and	even	individual	miners.	All	of	this	makes	Giga	Watt	
extremely	timely,	relevant,	and	attractive	to	potential	renters	of	tokens.		
Access	to	capacities
WTT	can	be	used	from	the	very	first	date	of	issue.	Giga	Watt	facility's	unique	design	allows	
for	 record-fast	 expansion,	 and	 the	 first	 units	 can	 be	 operated	 while	 the	 new	 ones	 are	 still	
being	built.		
Each	Watt	of	capacity	of	each	unit	in	operation	is	an	opportunity	to	accommodate	miners	of	
token	holders.	Each	Watt	of	capacity	which	is	already	rented	out	to	the	client	who	has	no	
tokens	of	his	own	is	an	opportunity	to	rent	tokens	out.		
Currently,	all	three	existing	facilities	are	in	operation	and	mostly	rented	out.	Status	of	the	
construction	

and	

the	

capacity	

utilization	

can	

be	

checked	

here	

-	

https://cryptonomos.com/wtt/#/capacity.	
First	batch	of	tokens	of	5,400,000	WTT	(which	represents	5.4	MW	capacity	of	the	units	put	
into	operation	by	the	end	of	the	Token	Launch)	will	be	issued	immediately	following	the	end	
of	the	Token	Launch.	New	batches	of	tokens	will	be	issued	in	step	with	the	construction	of	
new	units.	Tokens	will	be	distributed	on	the	first	come,	first	served	basis.		
Summary
To	sum	up,	the	purchase	of	access	to		a	hosting	capacity	with	a	lower	hosting	rate	allows	you	
to	significantly	reduce	the	cost	of	your	mining	business,	thereby	increasing	mining	rewards,	
offers	more	flexibility	and	helps	balance	out	the	mining	risks:	hosting	capacity	can	be	rented	
out	 at	 any	 time,	 and	 rental	 income	 is	 much	 less	 affected	 by	 the	 cryptocurrency	 volatility.	
Additionally,	Giga	Watt	facility	has	a	50-year	lifecycle	(compared	to	2.5	years	for	miners,	due	
to	constant	increase	in	mining	difficulty)	and	is	suitable	for	any	Blockchain.	If	any	significant	
changes	occur	in	the	mining	world,	Giga	Watt	capacities	could	alternatively	be	used	to	set	up	
private	Blockchains.	
Expected	lifespan	of	WTT	tokens	is	50	years.	This	term	is	based	on	the	expected	lifespan	of	
the	Giga	Watt's	facilities.	

	
15
134834324.1

Token	Launch	Platform
Token	Launch	is	conducted	through	a	groundbreaking	Cryptonomos	platform.	
All	payments	for	WTT	tokens	will	be	collected	by	Cryptonomos.	Upon	the	completion	of	the	
Token	Launch,	on	August	7,	2017,	Cryptonomos	will	issue	and	distribute	its	initial	batch	of	
WTT	tokens,	with	subsequent	batch	issues	to	follow	upon	the	completion	of	new	capacity	
construction.	If	a	cap	of	30,000,000	WTT	tokens	sold	is	reached	before	the	scheduled	end	of	
the	Token	Launch,	Cryptonomos	at	its	own	discretion	may	issue	WTT	tokens	ahead	of	the	
specified	date	to	provide	access	to	the	facilities	built	by	that	time.	

WTT	Smart	Contract
WTT	is	an	Ethereum	token.	It	complies	with	and	extends	ERC-20	-	a	de-facto	standard	and	
widely	used	token	API.	WTT	Smart	Contract	guarantees:	
1.	Transparency
1.1.	Balance.	The	information	on	the	number	of	tokens	held	by	any	user	is	public.
1.2.	Transfers.	All	information	on	transfers	is	public	and	can	be	traced	back	in	time.
2.	Ownership
2.1	Scope.	Only	Ethereum	users	and	contracts	can	be	token	holders.
2.2.	Uniqueness.	Each	token	belongs	to	one	user-owner.	There	are	no	shared	tokens.
2.3.	Right	to	transfer.	A	token	can	be	transferred	to	another	user	only	by	the	direct	
command	of	its	owner	or	by	the	command	of	the	receiver	directly	authorized	by	the	
owner.	No	token	transfer	may	be	initiated	by	another	user.
3.	Token	Supply
3.1.	Exclusive	issue.	Only	one	user,	the	contract	owner,	can	issue	tokens.
4.	Contract	Management
16
134834324.1

4.1	Replacement.	The	contract	owner	can	relinquish	the	ownership	in	favor	of	any	
other	Ethereum	user	or	contract.
4.2	Blockade.	The	contract	owner	can	stop	or	resume	token	transfers	between	token	
holders	at	any	time.
5.	Miscellaneous
5.1	Recovery.	Any	call	to	the	contract	which	results	in	an	error	does	not	change	the	
users'	tokens	or	Ether	balance,	except	for	the	gas	spent	on	the	transaction.
5.2	Limits.	Maximum	allowed	tokens	in	circulation	and	may	be	set	and	are	limited	to.
Smart	contract	does	not	guarantee	the	following	("Uncertainty	Provisions"):
1.	User	validity.	An	account	with	positive	token	balance	may	or	may	not	be	a	real	Ethereum	
user	or	contract	and	therefore	may	not	have	a	private	key.	Tokens	transferred	to	such	users	
will	likely	be	lost.
2.	Ether	supply.	The	contract	prohibits	most,	but	not	all	means	by	which	Ether	could	be	sent	
to	it	by	users	who	are	not	contract	owners.
We	engage	independent	auditors	prominent	in	the	industry,	who	review	the	smart	contract	
code	line	by	line,	checking	for	any	security,	incentivization	or	other	concerns	regarding	the	
attack	surface.

	
	
Payment	Terms
WTT	tokens	will	be	available	for	purchase	on	pre-sale	starting	on	May	19,	2017	and	during	
the	Token	Launch	from	June	2,	2017	to	July	31,	2017,	unless	a	cap	of	30,000,000	WTT	tokens	
sold	is	reached	earlier.	

17
134834324.1

WTT	can	be	acquired	with	BTC,	ETH	or	fiat	currencies	via	Cryptonomos	platform.	Transfers	
can	be	made	from	any	BTC	or	ETH	wallet17.	For	transfers	of	USD	1,000	and	over	a	wire	transfer	
option	is	available18.	
Funds	are	credited	to	the	participants'	Cryptonomos	accounts	and	could	be	used	to	acquire	
tokens.	 Each	 account	 will	 have	 three	 wallets	 (USD/BTC/ETH).	 The	 minimum	 Token	 Launch	
entry	 threshold	 is	 1	 WTT	 (equals	 to	 1-1.2	 USD,	 depending	 on	 the	 day	 of	 acquisition).	 The	
minimum	entry	threshold	for	the	pre-sale	is	10,000	WTT	tokens	(equivalent	of	10,000	USD).	
Cryptonomos	accounts	will	be	accessible	several	days	before	the	start	of	the	Token	Launch	
(web-based	or	mobile	access).	Users	may	be	offered	an	option	to	sign	up	and	make	transfers	
to	their	Cryptonomos	accounts,	but	they	will	not	be	able	to	acquire	WTT	tokens	until	the	start	
of	the	Token	Launch	unless	they	purchase	WTT	Token	on	pre-sale	through	the	sales	team.	
Accounts	will	be	protected	from	unauthorized	access	by	a	two-factor	authentication	system.	
All	 funds	 collected	 through	 the	 pre-sale	 and	 Token	 Launch	 will	 be	 deposited	 in	 escrow.	
Original	payments	made	in	BTC	and	ETH	will	be	converted	to	USD	at	the	rate	effective	at	the	
time	when	the	rights	to	WTT	tokens	were	reserved.	
The	funds	will	be	released	from	escrow	in	step	with	the	completion	of	facilities.	
Once	the	Token	Launch	is	closed,	no	further	WTT	tokens	could	be	acquired.	On	August	7,	2017	
or	earlier,	as	described	above19,	the	first	batch	of	tokens	will	be	issued	to	participants20.	As	
soon	as	the	tokens	are	issued,	they	may	be	transferred	to	the	owners	account	on	Giga	Watts	
web-site	and	used	to	host	miners	or	to	be	rented	out.		
Giga	Watt	account	owners	get	their	mining	rewards	and	rental	income	in	BTC,	ETH,	or	LTC	
(rental	income	is	calculated	based	on	the	current	exchange	rate	of	BTC,	ETH,	or	LTC	to	USD).	
Funds	can	be	moved	from	the	token	holders	account	to	any	third	party	BTC/ETH/LTC	wallet	
at	any	time.		

17

	 Cryptonomos	 does	 not	 charge	 any	 processing	 fees.	 Processing	 time	 and	 fees	 are	 determined	 by	 the	
payment	 processor.	 Token	 holders	 are	 responsible	 for	 paying	 all	 processing	 fees	 and	 financial	 charges	
imposed	by	the	payment	processor	in	connection	with	the	payment.	
18
	Please	contact	the	support	team	for	wire	transfer	instructions.	
19
	See	Section	"Token	Launch	Platform"	for	details.	
20
	Please	see	the	Projected	Timeline	section	for	details	of	the	token	issue	batches.	

18
134834324.1

Distribution	and	Rates
The	Giga	Watt	facility	layout	is	extremely	flexible,	which	allows	us	to	be	flexible	with	the	token	
sales.	
There	is	no	minimum	amount:	the	first	facilities	have	already	been	completed	and	the	new	
units	are	currently	being	built.	Consequently,	the	tokens	can	be	issued	for	as	low	capacity	as	
required.	 However,	 the	 total	 number	 of	 tokens	 available	 for	 sale	 as	 Giga	 Watt	 builds	 out	
additional	capacities	is	capped	at	30	million.	
Each	 token	 represents	 1	 Watt's	 worth	 of	 the	 processing	 centers	 capacity.	 For	 every	 100	
tokens	 sold,	 15	 additional	 tokens	 will	 be	 issued	 and	 retained	 for	 the	 team,	 partners	 and	
advisors:	10	tokens	to	be	distributed	to	team	members,	and	5	to	be	retained	for	distribution	
to	partners	and	advisors	at	issuers	discretion.	Consequently,	for	every	100	tokens	sold,	115	
Watts	of	processing	center	capacity	is	put	into	operation.	
If	the	token	sale	is	over-subscribed,	meaning	that	there	is	more	demand	for	WTT	tokens	than	
there	is	existing	facility	capacity,	the	capacity	will	be	allocated	to	the	WTT	tokens	in	the	order	
in	which	the	WTT	tokens	were	purchased.	The	over-subscribed	proceeds	will	be	placed	into	
escrow	until	the	requisite	processing	center	capacity	has	been	built	out.21	
WTT	tokens	retained	for	distribution	to	the	team	will	be	distributed	only	when	no	proceeds	
from	 over-subscribed	 tokens	 remain	 in	 escrow	 awaiting	 the	 completion	 of	 additional	
processing	center	capacity	construction.	WTT	tokens	retained	for	distribution	to	partners	and	
advisors	will	be	distributed	on	a	case	by	case	basis.	
WTT	initial	rate	depends	on	the	day	of	acquisition:	

21

	If	the	construction	of	the	processing	center	capacity	designed	to	accommodate	additional	WTT	tokens	is	not	
completed	in	a	reasonable	amount	of	time,	the	relevant	portion	of	these	proceeds	will	be	refunded	to	the	WTT	
token	purchasers.	However,	if	Giga	Watt	discharged	all	its	obligations	in	full,	no	refunds	will	be	due	to	the	WTT	
token	purchasers.	

19
134834324.1

Projected	Timeline	
The	size	of	the	Giga	Watt	facility	depends	on	the	amount	of	available	funds.	The	Giga	Watt	
project	has	sufficient	commitments	for	land	and	electricity	to	build	additional	capacities	to	
fulfil	its	obligations	under	this	Token	Launch.	
	
Projected	Token	Launch	Timeline	
-	May	19		June	2,	2017:	pre-sale		
-	June	2		July	31,	2017:	Token	Launch	book	building	
-	August	7,	2017:	First	batch	of	tokens	(5,400,000	WTT)	issued	to	participants;	if	the	cap	is	
reached	earlier,	the	first	batch	of	WTT	tokens	may	be	issued	ahead	of	the		schedule	to	provide	
access	to	the	facilities	built	by	the	time	of	the	issue	(at	Cryptonomos'	discretion).		
New	batches	of	tokens	will	be	issued	in	step	with	the	construction	of	new	facilities.22		To	ensure	
the	 advantage	 for	 the	 Token	 Launch	 participants,	 no	 listing	 will	 be	 placed	 on	 third	 party	
exchanges	until	all	WTT	tokens	sold	through	the	Token	Launch	are	distributed.	

Projected	Construction	Timeline	
3	units,	2.25	MW	are	available	right	now	
-	July	15,	2017:	1	Giga	Pod	completed,	0.75	MW	
-	August	1,	2017:		2	Giga	Pods	completed,	2.4MW		
-	August	15,	2017:	Expansion	of	the	unit,	0.9	MW	
-	September	1,	2017:	3	Giga	Pods	completed,	4.5	MW	
-	September	15,	2017:	9	Giga	Pods	completed,	15	MW	

22

	Additional		WTT	tokens	may	be	sold	to	the	public	in	the	future	as	the	facility	capacity	is	increased	through	
build	outs.	

20
134834324.1

-	October	1,	2017:	3	Giga	Pods	completed,	4.5	MW	
-	November	15,	2017:	3	Giga	Pods	completed,	4.2	MW	

	

	

21
134834324.1

Team
Giga	Watt	Project	Team
		

Dave	Carlson	
CEO,	Giga	Watt,	Inc.	

Software	engineer	and	entrepreneur.	4	years	as	a	CEO	and	founder	of	MegaBigPower,	one	of	
the	largest	single-operator	mining	facilities	in	the	world.
		

Adam	West	
VP	Business	Development,	Director,	Operator-Partner	Program,	Giga	Watt,	Inc.	

10	years'	experience	in	business	development,	management	and	marketing.	Over	the	past	
year	focused	on	Blockchain	technologies,	with	the	emphasis	on	industrial	mining	projects.
		 Kyle	Sidles	
CTO,	Giga	Watt,	Inc.	
Database	 design,	 programming,	 network	 infrastructure	 and	 application	 deployment.	
Successfully	built	and	launched	over	200	diverse	software	projects	in	USA,	India,	and	China.	
Builds	and	runs	large-scale	Blockchain	data	centers	since	2013.
		 Jeffrey	Field	
Lead	Engineer,	Giga	Watt,	Inc.	
4	years'	experience	designing	the	physical	infrastructure	for	mining	facilities,	network	layouts,	
and	 cooling	 plans	 while	 managing	 technical	 crews	 for	 all	 aspects	 of	 installation	 and	
maintenance	at	the	MegaBigPower	facilities.
		 Brian	Armstrong	
Operations	Supervisor,	Giga	Watt,	Inc.	
Service	and	maintenance	of	mining	equipment,	training	new	personnel,	team	supervision	on	
assigned	 operational	 tasks,	 troubleshooting	 and	 repair	 of	 network	 systems.	 8	 years	
experience	in	the	U.	S.	Air	Force	as	a	security	expert.
22
134834324.1

		 Sinden	Harum	
Executive	Manager,	Giga	Watt,	Inc.	
Day	 to	 day	 operational	 responsibility	 for	 staff,	 office	 administration,	 payroll,	 human	
resources,	bookkeeping,	accounting,	core	programs,	special	programs.	
		 Michael	Savuskan	
CO,	GigaWatt	Pte.	Ltd.	
24	years'	experience	in	product,	technology,	and	business	development,	marketing,	planning,	
and	sales	management.	Sales	and	profit	growth,	new	business	launches,	and	domestic	and	
international	marketplace	assessments.	
		 Hayden	Gill	
VP	of	Sales,	GigaWatt	Pte.	Ltd.	
13	years'	experience	in	investment,	marketing,	and	alternative	currencies.	From	2010	focuses	
on	 bitcoin	 and	 blockchain	 technologies.	 Founder	 of	 successful	 projects	 in	 peer-to-peer	
payment	services	and	alternative	currencies.	

	
Cryptonomos	Token	Launch	Team
		 Nick	Evdokimov,	CEO
14	years'	experience	in	developing	high	load	online	services.	Founder	of	numerous	Internet	
enterprises.	2	years	in	Blockchain	development.
							 Dmitry	Khovratovich,	Smart	Contract	Development	
12	 years	 experience,	 with	 a	 focus	 on	 privacy	 and	 security	 of	 blockchain	 projects	 (Bitcoin,	
Ethereum),	design	and	analysis	of	cryptographic	schemes,	and	security	software	engineering.	
Security	Researcher	at	the	University	of	Luxembourg.
		 Andrew	Kuzenny,	Head	of	IR

23
134834324.1

18	years'	experience	in	investor	relations,	seeking	and	engaging	partners,	asset	management.	
A	recent	Blockchain	technologies	enthusiast.
		 Edward	Khaptakhaev,	Legal	Counsel
12	 years'	 experience	 in	 legal	 support	 of	 international	 and	 domestic	 companies	 engaged	 in	
energy	generation,	banking	and	IT/IP.
		 Leonid	Markin,	Financial	management
12	years	experience	in	finances	and	asset	management.	5	years	in	finances	in	the	high-tech	
engineering	segment	of	the	energy	field.	Fintech	entrepreneur.
 Daria	Generalova,	Communications	and	PR
10	years	in	public	communications.	Diverse	experience	in	marketing,	from	event	management	
to	 marketing	 strategy	 development,	 with	 a	 focus	 on	 infrastructure	 companies.	 Joined	
blockchain	industry	last	year.
 Anar	Babaev,	Digital	Marketing
14	 years	 in	 digital	 marketing.	 Internet	 entrepreneur	 focused	 on	 mastering	 and	
implementation	of	new	technologies.	Co-author	of	several	books	on	digital	advertising.

	

	

24
134834324.1

Risk	Factors
The	acquisition	of	Tokens	involves	a	high	degree	of	risk,	including	but	not	limited	to	the	risks	
described	below.	Before	acquiring	tokens,	it	is	recommended	that	each	participant	carefully	
weighs	 all	 the	 information	 and	 risks	 detailed	 in	 this	 White	 Paper,	 and,	 specifically,	 the	
following	risk	factors.	
A.	Dependence	on	computer	infrastructure	
Giga	Watt's	dependence	on	functioning	software	applications,	computer	hardware	and	the	
Internet	 implies	 that	 Giga	 Watt	 can	 offer	 no	 assurances	 that	 a	 system	 failure	 would	 not	
adversely	 affect	 the	 performance	 of	 your	 mining	 operations.	 Despite	 Giga	 Watt's	
implementation	of	all	reasonable	network	security	measures,	its	processing	center	servers	
are	vulnerable	to	computer	viruses,	physical	or	electronic	break-ins	or	other	disruptions	of	a	
similar	nature.	Computer	viruses,	break-ins	or	other	disruptions	caused	by	third	parties	may	
result	in	interruption,	delay	or	suspension	of	services.	
B.	Smart	contract	limitations	
Smart	contract	technology	is	still	in	its	early	stages	of	development,	and	its	application	is	of	
experimental	 nature.	 This	 may	 carry	 significant	 operational,	 technological,	 regulatory,	
reputational	and	financial	risks.	Consequently,	although	the	audit	conducted	by	independent	
third	party	increases	the	level	of	security,	reliability,	and	accuracy,	this	audit	cannot	serve	as	
any	 form	 of	 warranty,	 including	 any	 expressed	 or	 implied	 warranty	 that	 the	 WTT	 Smart	
Contract	is	fit	for	purpose	or	that	it	contains	no	flaws,	vulnerabilities	or	issues	which	could	
cause	technical	problems	or	the	complete	loss	of	WTT	tokens.	
C.	Regulatory	risks	
The	Blockchain	technology,	including	but	not	limited	to	the	issue	of	tokens,	may	be	a	new	
concept	in	some	jurisdictions,	which	may	then	apply	existing	regulations	or	introduce	new	
regulations	 regarding	 Blockchain	 technology-based	 applications,	 and	 such	 regulations	 may	
conflict	 with	 the	 current	 WTT	 Smart	 Contract	 setup.	 This	 may	 result	 in	 substantial	
modifications	of	the	WTT	Smart	Contract,	including	but	not	limited	to	its	termination	and	the	
loss	of	WTT	tokens.	
D.	Price	of	Bitcoin	
25
134834324.1

Giga	Watt	offers	services	to	companies	and	individuals	engaged	in	mining	cryptocurrencies,	
primarily	Bitcoin.	Such	operations	are	highly	dependent	on	Bitcoin	prices	at	local	exchanges.	
Sharp	and	protracted	decline	in	Bitcoin	prices	can	affect	the	ability	of	Giga	Watts	customers	
to	fulfill	their	contractual	obligations	to	pay	rental	fees	to	token	holders	whose	tokens	they	
rent.	
E.	Rapid	changes	in	technology	may	adversely	affect	mining	business	
Cryptocurrency	 mining	 is	 a	 very	 dynamic	 and	 fast-paced	 business.	 To	 remain	 competitive,	
Giga	Watt	will	use	its	best	efforts	to	follow	and	promptly	introduce	the	latest	technologies	at	
its	facility.	However,	Giga	Watt's	failure	to	remain	competitive	despite	its	endeavors	may	pose	
the	risk	of	declining	benefits	for	the	WTT	token	holders.	Likewise,	token	holders	are	advised	
to	monitor	their	own	mining	equipment	performance	and	update	it	as	needed.	Alternatively,	
as	 their	 equipment	 performance	 weakens	 over	 time,	 they	 should	 consider	 renting	 their	
tokens	out	to	other	miners	to	avoid	the	decline	in	the	mining	rewards.	
F.	Fluctuation	in	mining	rewards.		
Mining	cryptocurrencies	is	a	risky	business	and	many	factors	must	be	carefully	considered	
prior	to	its	commencement.	Fluctuations	of	the	BTC	price,	increase	of	the	prices	for	mining	
equipment	and	electricity,	growth	of	the	mining	difficulty	rate,	decrease	in	the	block	reward,	
and	many	other	factors	may	affect	mining	rewards	and	result	in	losses.		
G.	Fluctuation	in	token	benefits	and	rental	income.		
The	 WTT	 token	 is	 intended	 to	 provide	 a	 valuable	 benefit	 of	 access	 to	 a	 low-cost	 hosting	
solution	 for	 cryptocurrency	 miners	 by	 giving	 them	 the	 ability	 to	 use	 Giga	 Watts	 facilities.	
Although	token	holders	can	rent	their	tokens	to	other	people	through	the	internal	Giga	Watt	
platform	and	receive	income	from	rent,	the	primary	purpose	of	the	token	is	to	allow	token	
holders	to	achieve	savings	by	cutting	costs	of	their	mining	operations.	Market	changes,	a	drop	
in	hosting	prices,	changes	in	the	local	cost	of	electricity	at	WTTs	facility	and	other	factors	may	
reduce	the	value	of	the	WTT	tokens	and	drive	down	the	rental	prices	of	tokens.	
H.	Construction	delay.		
Construction	timeline	specified	in	this	White	Paper	is	based	on	the	reasonable	estimates	but	
is	not	guaranteed.	This	timeline	may	change,	and	the	construction	may	be	delayed	because	
26
134834324.1

of	 many	 factors,	 including	 those	 beyond	 Giga	 Watts	 control,	 such	 as	 the	 actions	 of	 third	
parties	(contractors,	suppliers,	etc.).	If	the	completion	of	the	capacities	is	delayed	by	more	
than	3	months	from	the	projected	date,	and,	consequently,	the	relevant	WTT	tokens	are	not	
issued,	the	escrow	agent	may	issue	a	refund	at	the	request	of	the	WTT	token	purchasers.		The	
refund	will	be	issued	in	the	original	form	of	payment	at	the	exchange	rate	on	the	date	of	the	
refund.		
I.	Change	in	electricity	rate.		
The	effective	electricity	rate	provided	in	this	document	is	based	on	a	current	cost	of	electricity	
available	under	the	existing	contracts	with	the	Public	Utility	District	of	Washington	State.	The	
electricity	rate	is	not	guaranteed	and	may	change	from	time	to	time.	Any	change	in	electricity	
rates	will	cause	a	direct	change	in	the	value	of	the	WTT	tokens	and	the	ongoing	cost	of	hosting	
your	mining	equipment.	
J.	Irregular	electricity	consumption.	
If	 during	 the	 testing	 of	 the	 equipment	 sent	 to	 Giga	 Watt	 for	 hosting	 such	 equipment	
demonstrates	a	greater	use	of	electric	power	than	the	number	of	WTT	tokens	purchased	or	
rented	to	accommodate	it,	the	equipment	owner	will	be	charged	a	regular	Giga	Watt's	hosting	
rate	(7.5-9.75	cents	per	kWh,	depending	on	the	number	of	hosted	miners)	for	any	amount	of	
power	consumed	by	the	equipment	in	excess	of	the	number	of	tokens	available	to	host	it.		
K.	Change	of	electricity	consumption.	
From	time	to	time,	the	equipment's	power	consumption	may	fluctuate	for	various	reasons	
including	 but	 not	 limited	 to	 seasonal	 temperature	 changes.	 If	 and	 when	 the	 equipment's	
power	consumption	exceeds	the	number	of	WTT	tokens	purchased	or	rented	by	its	owner	for	
its	hosting,	the	owner	will	be	charged	a	regular	Giga	Watt's	hosting	rate	(7.5-9.75	cents	per	
kWh,	depending	on	the	number	of	the	hosted	miners)	for	any	amount	of	power	consumed	by	
the	equipment	in	excess	of	the	number	of	tokens	available	to	host	it.	
L.	Change	in	maintenance	cost.	
The	maintenance	cost	specified	in	this	document	is	based	on	the	current	labor	costs	and	the	
hours	 required	 to	 run	 the	 companys	 operations	 and	 maintain	 the	 projected	 number	 of	
facilities	 and	 the	 clients'	 equipment.	 Over	 time,	 the	 cost	 of	 maintenance	 may	 change	 for	
27
134834324.1

various	 reasons,	 including	 but	 not	 limited	 to	 the	 eventual	 minimum	 wage	 increase	 by	 the	
Washington	State	or	Federal	government.	Any	change	in	maintenance	cost	will	cause	a	direct	
change	 in	 the	 value	 of	 the	 WTT	 tokens	 and	 the	 ongoing	 cost	 of	 hosting	 your	 mining	
equipment.		
M.	Sales	and	other	taxes.		
Token	 holders	 and	 purchasers	 of	 mining	 equipment	 may	 be	 required	 to	 pay	 sales	 tax	
(collected	 at	 sale)	 and	 other	 taxes	 associated	 with	 the	 transactions	 contemplated	 herein,	
whether	in	the	United	States	or	in	their	home	countries.	It	will	be	a	sole	responsibility	of	the	
token	holders	and	purchasers	of	the	mining	equipment	to	comply	with	the	tax	laws	of	the	
United	States	and	other	jurisdictions	and	pay	all	relevant	taxes.	
N.	Force	Majeure.		
Giga	Watts	performance	may	be	interrupted,	suspended	or	delayed	due	to	force	majeure	
circumstances.	For	the	purposes	of	this	White	Paper,	force	majeure	shall	mean	extraordinary	
events	and	circumstances	which	could	not	be	prevented	by	Giga	Watt	and	shall	include:	acts	
of	nature,	wars,	armed	conflicts,	mass	civil	disorders,	industrial	actions,	epidemics,	lockouts,	
slowdowns,	 prolonged	 shortage	 or	 other	 failures	 of	 energy	 supplies	 or	 communication	
service,	 acts	 of	 municipal,	 state	 or	 federal	 governmental	 agencies,	 other	 circumstances	
beyond	Giga	Watt's	control,	which	were	not	in	existence	at	the	time	of	Token	Launch.	If	such	
circumstances	occur	prior	to	issuance	of	WTT	tokens	and	Giga	Watt	is	unable	to	issue	WTT	
tokens	within	6	months	from	the	projected	date,	the	escrow	agent	may	issue	a	refund	at	the	
request	 of	 the	 WTT	 token	 purchasers.	 The	 refund	 will	 be	 issued	 in	 the	 original	 form	 of	
payment	at	the	exchange	rate	on	the	date	of	the	refund.		
O.	Compliance	with	U.S.	laws	and	regulations.	
Because	the	hosting	facilities	are	located	in	the	United	States,	WTT	token	holders	who	wish	
to	use	their	tokens	to	host	their	equipment	at	the	facilities	would	be	required	to	comply	with	
the	U.S.	laws	and	regulations	and	may	need	to	verify	their	identities	and	provide	proof	of	
address	(for	individuals),	or	verify	their	registration,	good	standing,	list	of	ultimate	beneficial	
owners,	and	address	(for	legal	entities)	prior	to	using	their	WTT	tokens	and	setting	up	their	
equipment	at	Giga	Watt's	facilities,	or	at	any	time	thereafter	upon	Giga	Watt's	request.	Token	
holders	 who	 fail	 to	 comply	 with	 such	 verification	 request,	 or	 who	 are	 determined	 to	 be	
28
134834324.1

restricted	from	dealing	with	the	U.S.	entities	or	operating	in	the	U.S.,	or	who	are	otherwise	
ineligible	under	the	US	law	to	host	their	equipment	with	Giga	Watt	would	be	refused	hosting	
or	WTT	token	rental	services,	with	no	refund	issued	by	Giga	Watt	for	the	purchased	tokens.	
Such	token	holders	may	retain	their	tokens	or	may,	at	their	discretion,	choose	to	sell	them	to	
eligible	customers.	Token	purchasers	are	solely	responsible	for	learning	about	the	US	laws	
and	legal	restrictions	applicable	to	residents	of	certain	countries	and	individuals	involved	in	
certain	activities.	
P.	Disclosure	of	information.	
Personal	information	received	from	WTT	token	holders,	WTT	token	renters,	and	owners	of	
the	equipment	submitted	for	hosting,	the	information	about	the	number	of	tokens	or	miners	
serviced	by	Giga	Watt,	rewards	earned	on	the	pool,	the	wallet	addresses	used,	and	any	other	
relevant	information	may	be	disclosed	to	law	enforcement,	government	officials,	and	other	
third	parties	when	Giga	Watt	is	required	to	disclose	such	information	by	law,	subpoena,	or	
court	order.	Giga	Watt	shall	at	no	time	be	held	responsible	for	such	information	disclosure.	
Q.	Value	of	WTT	Token.	
Once	purchased,	the	value	of	WTT	Token	may	significantly	fluctuate	due	to	various	reasons.	
Giga	Watt	does	not	guarantee	any	specific	value	of	the	WTT	Token	over	any	specific	period	of	
time.	Giga	Watt	shall	not	be	held	responsible	for	any	change	in	the	value	of	WTT	Token.	
Assumptions	with	respect	to	the	foregoing	involve,	among	other	things,	judgments	about	the	
future	economic,	competitive	and	market	conditions	and	business	decisions,	most	of	which	
are	beyond	the	control	of	the	Giga	Watt	project	team	and	therefore	difficult	or	impossible	to	
accurately	predict.	Although	the	Giga	Watt	team	believes	that	its	assumptions	underlying	its	
forward-looking	statements	are	reasonable,	any	of	these	may	prove	to	be	inaccurate.	As	a	
result,	 the	 Giga	 Watt	 team	 can	 offer	 no	 assurances	 that	 the	 forward-looking	 statements	
contained	in	this	White	Paper	will	prove	to	be	accurate.	In	light	of	the	significant	uncertainties	
inherent	 in	 the	 forward-looking	 statements	 contained	 herein,	 the	 inclusion	 of	 such	
information	may	not	be	interpreted	as	a	warranty	on	the	part	of	Giga	Watt	or	any	other	entity	
that	the	objectives	and	plans	of	the	Giga	Watt	project	will	be	successfully	achieved.	
Please	 note	 that	 the	 Giga	 Watt	 project	 may	 be	 subject	 to	 other	 risks	 not	 foreseen	 by	 its	
management	at	this	time.	
29
134834324.1



White Paper
May 2017

CryptoPing White Paper, May 2017

2

Contents
Abstract

3

Problem

4

Solution

5

Project

6

Future

7

Token and subscription

8

Investing

9

Contacts

10

CryptoPing White Paper, May 2017

3

Abstract
Cryptocurrency markets are so vibrant and eventful nowadays that its hard to keep track of whats
going on with every single coin. Crypto traders pour large amounts of eort and time into
interpreting charts in dierent ways, reading forums and Twitter feeds and gathering information
about coins from other sources in attempts to predict market trends and make profitable trades.
Crypto markets are volatile, making the task even harder. Shilling and other forms of disinformation
(like spreading FUD  fear, uncertainty, disorder), or even just false promises from coin developers
quite often stop traders on their quest for profit.

CryptoPing White Paper, May 2017

4

Problem
In 2017, a sharp surge of new crypto traders is boosting trading volumes and rates of almost every
alternative cryptocurrency (altcoins) and Bitcoin itself. That also makes prices of some altcoins more
volatile than before, while constantly growing Bitcoin rate keeps increasing traders stress levels.
Bitcoin is losing its share in total crypto market capitalisation despite of its increasing value. Market
capitalisations of some altcoins has already exceeded hundreds of millions of dollars, and thats only
the beginning.
Its impossible to factor in all the trends, events and subtleties that shape markets. Making a good
trade can be dicult even for experienced traders, let alone newcomers. New traders dont recognise
market trends and cant make good trading decisions. For people who just have started to trade
cryptocurrencies, the what to buy problem is important now more than ever.

CryptoPing White Paper, May 2017

5

Solution
CryptoPing oers a solution  an assistant bot that can hint that market situation changes and it
might be a good time to buy a certain altcoin. Bots market watching and analysis algorithms are
already tested and verified in practice. Users can easily sign up and activate the bot and start to get
signals from exchanges right away. Being experienced or new trader, no user gets any advantage over
other bot users, because all users receive all signals at the time. Its up to traders to weigh the market
in signals context and make all trading decisions by themselves.
To cover most of the devices and platforms and deliver signals on time weve decided to use
messengers. Everyone uses them anyway, so the solution to signal delivery platform is already there:
the bot looks to users just like another chat contact. The bot has all necessary commands to manage
notifications, and the interface is friendly enough even for people who have no prior experience with
bots or trading.
Bot signals look simple yet have just right amount of information, despite of complex inner works of
the service itself. Users receive signal messages that include:
 coin ticker;
 link to an exchange that produced the signal;
 trading volume dierence for the last hour;
 change to the coin rate to BTC;
 amount of signals on the coin for the last 7 days;
 coin market capitalisation value in USD.
This information proved to be sucient to decide at a glance whether to look into a signalled coin.
All further analysis has to be performed by traders and the result will depend on their experience,
interests and goals.
Additionally were building a platform for social trading, that will be useful to both new and
experienced traders. Pro traders will be able to publish their trading results by signals daily, and new
traders will be able to follow pros and copy their trades for a small subscription fee.

CryptoPing White Paper, May 2017

Project
Project core has several parts that are responsible for:
 market data being assembled individually by coin;
 situation and trend analysis by coin;
 looking for similar coin behaviour in the past;
 making decisions on signal initiation;
 generating signals and tracking their results;
 sending signals to users;
 analysing signal quality and providing feedback for decision-making system.
The Telegram bot is a separate part of the project, integrated with the core. Slack bot is currently in
development. Being able to switch between signal delivery platforms is equally important for users
and us, the team, because recent messenger bans by governments in dierent countries raise all
kinds of concerns.
We have plans to release a standalone application that will receive bot signals much like messenger
apps. The application will be integrated with the system core more closely, allowing us to develop
automatic trading functionality that will be a lot less vulnerable to hacking than existing serverbased trading apps.

6

CryptoPing White Paper, May 2017

7

Future
Early bot adopters have already discovered the quality and utility of bot signals. There are about one
thousand of altcoins out there, nobody can track everything, and the bot works just right: there are
numerous cases when it sent signals right before a coin pump or even long before that.
At the moment CryptoPing is just a bot that helps with tracking price movements and coin pumps
on several exchanges. We want it to evolve into a platform where every beginner in crypto markets
can get necessary information and community support, and start trading quickly.
When we say support we mean online tutorials, following experienced traders that secure from
most of risky trades, and market situation coverage that is actually on point.
We also have plans to develop an auto-trading app that will be released only after system algorithms
are meticulously re-tested and optimised. We want auto-trading to work in fire-and-forget mode,
and are looking forward to delivering steady profits to our users.
We are concerned that users without deep enough technical knowledge provide third-party trading
services with API keys from their accounts on exchanges. When third-party services get hacked, the
perpetrators gain access to users API keys and start trading to their benefit using accounts of others,
while regular users just lose assets. We will not store any keys on CryptoPing servers, thus accessing
them by hacking our systems will be impossible. All API keys will be stored on users devices only
and wont be transmitted to CryptoPing services at all.

8

CryptoPing White Paper, May 2017

Token and subscription
Name

CryptoPing

Ticker

PING

Initial supply

10,000,000

Platform

Waves

We have chosen Waves platform for a reason. A lot of CryptoPing users are either new to crypto
markets or to trading in general, and we want our token to work on a simple platform that is easy to
understand and use, while Waves are very welcoming towards new people in crypto community. We
believe that its more important to grow the community than to race technologies and win
blockchain coolness competitions.
After ICO ends we will burn all the unclaimed tokens (they will be sent to an address without private
key, rendering them unusable). We will work towards adding the token to several exchanges and
introduce subscription-based access to CryptoPing after the token is added to any of the exchanges.
Subscriptions will be paid in PING tokens. We will burn 75% of subscription fees during 6 months
after subscription is introduced, and 25% of fees for a year after that.

CryptoPing White Paper, May 2017

9

Investing
ICO starts on May 25, 2017 at 00:00 UTC. The sale will continue for one month until June 25, 2017
00:00 UTC. Maximum total amount of investments is 1000 BTC. 9,000,000 PING tokens are
reserved for ICO, the 1,000,000 left is for 10% referral program payouts. Tokens can be purchased
for BTC, LTC, WAVES, DASH, ETH, ETC. All unclaimed tokens will be burned, and full report on
investments and resulting supply of tokens will be released.
For investments more than 100 BTC we oer a 15% discount, that will result in getting 15% more
tokens for the same investment amount.
We will be assessing and verifying ICO results for a week after it ends. After that, all investors will be
able to withdraw their tokens to Waves wallets.
Adding PING to exchanges will follow after we introduce subscriptions to CryptoPing with tokens.
The buybacks and token burning will begin at the same time.

CryptoPing White Paper, May 2017

Contacts
Website

http://cryptoping.tech

ICO site

http://cryptoping.tech/ico

Roadmap

http://cryptoping.tech/roadmap

Twitter

@cryptoping

E-mail

admin@cryptoping.tech

Bitcoin Talk

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1920653

10

DCORP
DECENTRALIZED CORPORATION
DCORP is an entity that resembles a corporation and exists on the blockchain in the form of a series of
smart contracts. It manages its own token (DRP) and the Ether (ETH) that it holds.
While the DRP token is used to give a voice to the shareholders, the Ether is used to fund projects and
attract talent, in order to make profit.

INTRODUCTION

DCORP

This introduction briefly describes what DCORP is and what its goals are

Decentralized, profit-driven
corporation.

Decentralized
A decentralized corporation, as opposed to a traditional corporation,
allows anyone to participate without any form of discrimination.
Every part of the corporation is transparent and may be reviewed by
anyone at any time. There is no downtime and the corporation is not
susceptible to hacks or (DDOS) attacks.
Profit-driven
The motive is clear: making profit autonomously. Where there is profit,
projects dont get abandoned.
Talent
Talented developers and managers (B of D) receive periodic bonuses in
Ether (ETH).
Democratic
Ultimately, the power lies with the shareholders: through voting on
proposals and the votes of elected board members.
Board of Directors
The elected Board of Directors (B of D) is able to make most
governance decisions on behalf of the shareholders.

Funds projects that grow
the corporation and ETH.

Recognizes and binds talent
by paying for it.

Puts proven business
concepts on the
blockchain.

Makes it easy for nondevelopers to participate.

Is the bridge between
developers and the
business world.

Board members are compensated for the tasks they perform and are
rewarded when their decisions lead to profit.
Non-developers
Participating is as easy as using Facebook. Participants use a simple
web interface that requires no knowledge of smart contracts,
command line tools, bytecode or JSON interfaces.

Lead developer
frank@dcorp.it

Projects
Funded projects are, like DCORP itself, decentralized and must exist on
the blockchain.

Marketing
hansco@dcorp.it
Connect
www.dcorp.it
reddit.com/dcorp

1

The source code of funded projects is committed to repositories
accessible to the shareholders for review at any time. On launch, by the
DCORP contract, its beneficiary address is set to the DCORP address.
Profits are monitored and dividends paid.

INDEX
Summary
Decentralized
Ethereum
Microsoft

Corporation
Core business
Shareholders
Board of Directors (B of D)
Talent
Voting
Board of Directors vote
Shareholder vote

Proposals
Eliminate spam
Governance proposals (B of D)
Governance proposals (shareholders)
Funding proposals
Bytecode proposals

Seed project
Derivatives exchange
Request deployment
Request deployment crowd
Offer deployment
Offer deployment crowd
Trading
Units of account (ERC20)
Multi-token derivatives
Options
Futures
Futures with ascending stakes
Ethereum Bitcoin (Bitcoin)
Ethereum Euro (uro)
Support
Profit
Continuation and commitment

Token
Acquisition
Crowd sale
Minimum for success
Issuing
Core team incentive
Integrity and safety

ETH
Fund
Dividend
Rewards

Platform
Ease of use
Design
Audit

Roadmap
Funding breakdown
Team
Disclaimer

2

SUMMARY
DCORP is an entity that resembles a corporation and exists on the blockchain in the form of a series of smart
contracts. It manages its own token (DRP) and the Ether that it holds.
While the DRP token is used to give a voice to the shareholders, the Ether is used to fund projects and attract
talent, in order to make profit.

DECENTRALIZED
A decentralized (peer-to-peer) corporation, opposed to a traditional corporation, allows anyone to participate
without any form of discrimination. There is little or no reliance on third parties such as banks or finance
providers, which reduces overhead costs and improves reliability.
Every part of the corporation is transparent and may be reviewed by anyone at any time. There is no downtime
and the corporation is not susceptible for hacks or (DDOS) attacks.

ETHEREUM
DCORP exists on the (Ethereum) blockchain in the form of a series of smart contracts. The source code of the
smart contracts is public and may be reviewed by anyone.
Smart-contracts are immutable and will always execute as they were meant to. This allows for trustless
interaction with the corporation.
The Truffle framework will be used for the development and intensive testing of DCORP components. Like many
other Ethereum developers, the DCORP team has come to love Truffle!
Why Ethereum? It is a seasoned technology that is actively developed, widely used and has a market
capitalization of $ 4.5 billion USD at the time of writing. Moreover, we love Ethereum!

MICROSOFT
While DCORP itself operates on Ethereum, its user-friendly interface and website are hosted on Microsofts
Azure platform and are developed with Microsofts latest ASP Core technology.
Why Microsoft? The development team members are experienced .NET developers; it is widely used, easy to
understand and has proven to be reliable. Moreover, we love .NET!

3

CORPORATION
DCORP is a profit driven corporation that autonomously generates growth and a steady stream of income for its
shareholders.
While blockchain technology is still in development, business concepts are matured and proven. DCORP brings
business and programming talent together in a trustless environment that allows them to do what they do best.
Developers profit from their efforts while investors gain security and a chance to invest in new technology
following business rules that make sense.

CORE BUSINESS
DCORPs core business is funding and managing the development of other Ethereum projects and operating
them autonomously.
Each product is owned by DCORP (DCORPs smart contract) and its address is the benefactor address. Profit is
automatically sent to the corporation and divided between the developer(s), manager(s) and shareholders as
agreed. Such agreements are recorded in a smart contract and therefore immutable and guaranteed to execute
without delay.
Please see the section Seed projects for the initial projects to which the DCORP developers are committed.

SHAREHOLDERS
The shareholders are the collective owners of DCORP. Anyone who owns one or more DCORP tokens is
considered a shareholder (see also the section Shareholders and token acquisition).
Ultimately, the power lies with the shareholders through voting (see also the section Voting).

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The board of directors (B of D) is a group of seven elected individuals who represent the shareholders by making
governance decision through a voting process (see also governance proposals B of D) and performing
management tasks.
Unlike shareholders, elected members of the B of D cannot choose to stay anonymous. Also, members of the B
of D are expected to vote each time a B of D vote is called. A record of each B of D members voting behavior is
stored in the blockchain and thus made public.
In addition to making governance decisions on behalf of the shareholders, and in contrast with a traditional B of
D, members perform management tasks. Management tasks do not require a voting round and may be
performed by one board member. Management tasks include:

4

-

Managing a fund (see also Funding proposals and funds).
Performing tasks outside of the blockchain environment, such as forum or website maintenance.

B of D members are compensated in ETH. When management efforts of a B of D member result in profit, the
managing member is also entitled to a share of that profit, for as long as the individual holds the position of B of
D member. These agreements are recorded in the contract of a fund and are approved by the shareholders.
Members of the B of D can be replaced by the shareholders through a voting process. A majority vote of the B of
D can temporarily put a B of D member in a non-active state as a safety measure. While the non-active state is in
force, the B of D member in question cannot perform management tasks. Also, the voting power of the nonactive B of D member is temporarily forwarded to the founder.

FOUNDER
The founder (Frank Bonnet, see also the section Team) has an important but modest role (besides being lead
developer).
The founder can perform the same actions as a member of the B of D. The vote of the founder carries twice the
weight of a B of D members vote, so that the total voting weight of the B of D becomes nine.
In the unfortunate case when a member of the B of D is unable to vote due to an enforced non-active state, the
voting weight of that member is forwarded to the founder until the member of the B of D is replaced or the nonactive state is lifted.
During the pre-sale period, and until the ownership of the token contract is transferred to the DCORP contract,
the founder manages the token contract through the crowdsale contract with limited power (see also Token
integrity and safety).
The founder is not elected.

TALENT
Funded project developers, managers, members of the B of D, the core team and the founder are talented
participants who ensure the growth and profit generation of the corporation.
Talented participants are the most valued resources of the corporation. They are retained by a competitive
compensation for their efforts and continuous bonuses when these efforts lead to profit.
Compensation, ideally in the form of periodic payments during project development, is needed to make it
possible for participants to work on DCORP projects continuously. This increases the completion ratio of funded
projects and protects against projects being abandoned.
Continuous bonuses, on success, work as an incentive for participants in order to get the best out of them while
playing fair.

5

Agreements are recorded on the blockchain in a fund contract approved by the shareholders. Fund contracts are
immutable and are executed automatically.
Where there is profit, projects are not abandoned.

VOTING
DCORP is a democratic autonomous decentralized organization. Decisions are made by means of a voting
process and the power ultimately lies with the shareholders.
There are two entities within the corporation that are able to vote: the shareholders and the B of D.
Due to the decentralized and transparent nature of DCORP, there is no room for corruption. Votes are recorded
on the blockchain and the weight of each vote is calculated at the time of the proposals deadline.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS VOTE
The B of D can vote about a limited set of proposals that do not require a time consuming voting round among
the shareholders (see also the section Proposals (B of D)).
Members of the B of D use the contracts interface (ABI) to vote through Mist. B of D members are expected to
vote on each appropriate proposal. Their votes are registered and public through the blockchain.
Four fifths (4/5) of the fees collected from appropriate proposals are distributed to the members of the B of D
and the founder equally, so that each receives a tenth (1/10). The remaining one fifth (1/5) is added to DCORPs
balance.
When a member of the B of D or the founder neglects to vote before the end of a proposals deadline or is in a
non-active state, the fee will be added to DCORPs balance instead.
This strategy is an incentive to vote about governance proposals within the acceptable timeframe while
compensating participants.

SHAREHOLDER VOTE
The shareholders can vote on every possible proposal that is deemed necessary (also see the section Proposals
(shareholders)).
Shareholders use a straightforward web interface that is hosted on dcorp.it, which facilitates voting. Interacting
with DCORP should be as easy as interacting with Facebook. Moreover, easy-to-follow instructions will be
published on dcorp.it.

6

While the recommended way of interacting with DCORP is through navigating to dcorp.it in Mist, participants
can just as easily use their favorite browser.
Half (1/2) of the fees collected from appropriate proposals is distributed to the members of the B of D and the
founder equally, so that each receives a sixteenth (1/16). The remaining half (1/2) is added to DCORPs balance.
When a member of the B of D is in a non-active state, the fee will be added to DCORPs balance instead.
This strategy helps to compensate members of the B of D and the founder for performing management and
maintenance tasks. It also is an incentive for long-term commitment and active participation.

PROPOSALS
Anyone can submit governance and funding proposals. Governance proposals are divided into two groups:
proposals that can be approved by the Board of Directors and proposals that need to be approved by the
shareholders. Funding proposals always need approval from the shareholders.

ELIMINATE SPAM
To eliminate spam and reducing the number of voting rounds, submitting a proposal is a payed service (except
for board members). This strategy encourages participants to write better proposals and gauge support in favor
of their proposal before submitting a proposal. The fee for submitting a proposal can be changed by submitting
a shareholders governance proposal. On the launch, the fees are as listed below:
Governance proposal (B of D):
Governance proposal (shareholders):
Funding proposal:

0.1 ETH
5.0 ETH
1.0 ETH

The fee for submitting a proposal must be positive (>0).

7

GOVERNANCE PROPOSALS (B OF D)
To allow swift decision-making, governance proposals with low impact, may be approved by a Board of
Directors vote. When submitting a proposal that satisfies the criteria of governance proposal (B of D), the
submitter is free to submit the proposal that requires the shareholders to vote.
Governance proposals that can be approved by the Board of Directors include:






Canceling funds
Replacing fund managers
Freezing accounts
Deploying contracts (in order to develop funded projects)
Managing deployed contracts

GOVERNANCE PROPOSALS (SHAREHOLDERS)
Governance proposals that change business rules, have a large impact on shareholders or cannot be voted on by
board members because their interests could conflict, must be approved by a shareholders vote.
Governance proposals that need shareholder approval include:












Payment of dividend
Issuing new shares
Electing board members
Removing board members
Adjusting voting rules
Adjusting funding rules
Adjusting fees (for submitting a proposal)
Adjusting bonuses
Changing compensations
Managing deployed contracts
Approving a proposal that was declined by the Board of Directors (any proposal that can be approved by
the Board of Directors can also be approved by the shareholders)

FUNDING PROPOSALS
Funding starts with the submission of a funding proposal, ideally after gaining sufficient support for the
proposal to be approved.
After submitting a funding proposal, shareholders can cast their votes during a seven-day period. When the
voting period has ended, the proposal is approved if the majority of the casted votes were in favor of the
proposal, otherwise the proposal is rejected. In the former case, ETH will be deposited into the approved fund
and the fund contract will be deployed after a safety period of seven days.

8

The length of the voting period and safety period can be adjusted with a shareholders governance proposal.
The funding proposal contains a payment schedule that describes on which dates, or at which milestones a
certain amount of ETH should be paid out. Please see the section ETH funding for a detailed description of the
fund contract.
A funding proposal contains at least the following:






Payable fee in ETH
Details about the submitter(s)
Brief description
ID linking the proposal to a DCORP discussion
Payment schedule

BYTECODE PROPOSALS
An exception will be made for a proposal to execute generic bytecode. Such a proposal needs to be approved by
the Board of Directors first. Shareholders can then vote on the proposals execution.

SEED PROJECT
The core team (see also section Team) is committed to the development of the seed projects as described
below. The decentralized derivative exchange project contract is owned by DCORP and hosted on
decentralized.it. The ultimate power lies with the DCORP shareholders.
Derivatives allow investors and speculators to participate in the turbulent cryptocurrency markets with the
financial tools they know and trust. The ability to enter into trustless derivative contracts enables protection
(hedging) against or exposure to (speculation with) substantial price fluctuations.
Derivatives are a common phenomenon and according to The Economist the total derivatives market amounted
to approximately $700 trillion (500 trillion) in 2011, and the size of the market traded on exchanges totaled an
additional $83 trillion (59.29 trillion).
Below follows a brief description of the derivatives exchange. The projects white paper will be published on
DCORPs forum for review by and input from its shareholders.

DERIVATIVES EXCHANGE
The derivatives exchange exists on the Ethereum blockchain in the form of a series of smart contracts and allows
participants to anonymously enter into a trustless option or future contract.
Participants use the user-friendly interface, hosted on dcorp.it to interact with the exchange. A new derivative
contract can be deployed quickly by the buying or supplying party.

9

The exchange is decentralized, operates autonomous and its
source is public so that anyone can review it at any time.
Participants can safely send funds to a derivative contract
because the contract is trusted as much as the Ethereum
network is trusted.
Derivative contracts are trustless and execute according to the
immutable rules programmed into them. This means that the
seller and buyer(s) do not need to know or trust each other and
that there is no need for market makers, banks or other third
parties.

REQUEST DEPLOYMENT
A derivative contract (including premium), deployed by the asking party, represents a request that can be
funded by any participant anonymously and safely. Once funded, the premium (minus a fee for DCORP) is
released to the supplying party. The asking party gains the execution right and the right to trade the derivative if
and when appropriate (see also section Trading).
Before the contract is funded, the asking party has the option to cancel the request and recover the premium
(reduced by the fee for the exchange).

REQUEST DEPLOYMENT CROWD
The situation as described above outlines the situation in which the needs of the asking party are met by a single
participant (suppling party). To match the needs of the asking party better, the requestor can choose to allow
multiple participants to (crowd) fund the derivative contract. Each funding participant then receives a share of
the premium, proportionate to the amount of the request that was funded by the participant.
Depending on the type of derivative, the asking party can or cannot cancel the contract after the request has
been partially funded. For requests that cannot be canceled, such as a futures request, the asking party can only
cancel the unfunded part of the derivative and recover the part of the premium proportional to the canceled
part of the derivative (reduced by the fee for the exchange).

OFFER DEPLOYMENT
A funded derivative contract (excluding premium), deployed by the supplying party, represents an offer.
Someone (buying party) who transfers an amount equal to the asked premium into the derivative gains the
execution right and the right to trade the derivative if and when appropriate (see also section Trading).

10

Before the derivative contract execution rights are bought, the supplying party has the option to cancel the
request and recover the deposited funds (reduced by the fee for the exchange).

OFFER DEPLOYMENT CROWD
The situation as described above outlines the situation in which the offer of the supplying party must be bought
by a single participant (buying party). To match the needs of the asking party better, the offeror can choose to
allow multiple participants (crowd) to participate in the derivative contract. Each buying participant then pays a
share of the premium, proportionate to the amount of the offer for which the participant gains execution rights.
The supplying party can or cannot cancel the contract after the offer has been partially sold. The supplying party
can only cancel the unsold part of the derivative and recover the part of the funds proportionate to the unsold
part of the premium.

TRADING
Depending on the type of contract, existing derivative contracts can be freely traded. An appropriate derivative
may be offered for sale by its beneficiary. The beneficiary enters a price and updates the contract via the userfriendly interface. As soon as a buyer transfers an amount equal to the price into the contract, the execution
rights will be transferred to the buyer.

UNITS OF ACCOUNT (ERC20)
Initially, the exchange supports ETH and selected ERC20 tokens available on the Ethereum blockchain (including
DRP). ERC20 compatible tokens can be added to or removed from the exchange by DCORP.
Premiums and transaction fees are payable in ETH. In the case where the token, of which the derivative derives
its value, is not ETH, the buyer needs to make at least two transactions in order to buy the derivative. In such a
case the buyer must pay the premium and then transfer the appropriate token within n time. The derivative will
be deferred until the time of the first payment plus n time. If the buyer fails to transfer the appropriate token
within n time, the premium will be returned to the buyer and the buyer forfeits the transaction fee.
At a later stage, DCORP will release the ERC20 compatible Ethereum Bitcoin (Bitcoin) and Ethereum Euro
(uro) tokens to further facilitate trustless buyers commitment (see sections Ethereum Bitcoin (Bitcoin) and
Ethereum Euro (uro)).

MULTI-TOKEN DERIVATIVES
Optionally, a derivative offer can accept multiple tokens in order to lower risk by spreading.

11

An example of a multi-token derivative is the offer of an option contract to buy n ETH for either i GNT or j REP.
The buying party must at least transfer either i GNT or j REP into the derivative contract to gain the right of

execution, within the appropriate timeframe. On execution, the buyer can choose to execute the option with
either i GNT or j REP. Any unused tokens will be transferred back to the owner.

OPTIONS
Option contracts come in two types: call and put.
Option contracts can be used to hedge one partys risk and provide the other party with a possible financial gain
through speculation.
A call option contract gives the owner(s) the option to buy the underlying asset within a predetermined
timeframe for a predetermined price.
A put option contract gives the owner the option to sell the underlying asset within a predetermined timeframe
for a predetermined price.
Due to the trustless nature of the contract, the underlying asset or funds and the premium (including any
transaction fees) must be deposited into the contract in order to make the contract binding.

FUTURES
With a futures contract, the buyer(s) commit(s) to buying the underlying asset on a predetermined date for a
predetermined price and the selling party commits to selling the underlying asset on the agreed date for the
agreed price.
The initiator (buyer or seller) can choose to pay the premium or ask for a premium.
Due to the trustless nature of the contract, the initiating party deposits between 10% and 100% of the
underlying asset or price, appropriate to the contract. The deposited percentage is matched by the other
party(s) to make the contract binding. Before expiry of the predetermined date on which the transfer of assets
takes place, participants should have deposited 100% of the asset or price into the contract.
If only one of the parties has deposited 100%, the other party loses the deposit and any premium to the party
who deposited 100%.
If neither party has deposited 100%, the lowest deposited percentage is considered as the full deposit and the
contract executes with the new percentage instead. In the case where one party has deposited a higher
percentage than the percentage with which the contract is executed, the redundant asset or funds are returned
to the original owner.

FUTURES WITH ASCENDING STAKES

12

In the semi-anonymous Ethereum environment, a promise not backed by value has little worth due to the
inability to enforce an agreement.

When entering into a futures contract that requires a 10% deposit at the date of entry, it is currently impossible
to ensure that all participants will deposit the remaining 90% on the predetermined future date. This results in
effectively limiting the gains or losses in respect of the value of the deposited 10% of the defaulting party.
Requiring both parties to deposit 100% at the date of entry also creates an undesirable situation where the
leverage of speculating parties is reduced to the actual value owned.
An additional undesired effect of both situations described above is that the futures contract always runs until
the predetermined end date, even though one of the parties might have decided in an early stage not to comply
with its obligation to deposit the remaining 90%.
To solve these problems, futures contracts can require that the stakes increase as the deadline approaches.
Continuing with the example described above, the duration of the contract is divided into terms. Before the end
of each term, parties must have increased their deposits to the appropriate percentage.
In the case where one of the parties defaults on increasing its deposit, the contract is executed and the
defaulting partys deposit is forfeited to the other party before the predetermined end date. This results in a
relationship between contract duration and the maximum gains or losses while minimizing the impact on
leverage positions.
To simplify, consider the following linear example:
s
i
t
n

= current stake
= initial deposit
= terms
= current term

s = i + (((100 - i) / t) * n)
Variations to the linear example can be added to the contract and can be selected by the initiating party when
deploying a futures contract.

ETHEREUM BITCOIN (BITCOIN)
At a later stage, dcorp.it will release the ERC20 compatible Ethereum Bitcoin (Bitcoin) token to further facilitate
trustless buyers commitment. The Bitcoin allows derivatives, that exist on the Ethereum network, to safely
derive their value from the Bitcoin.
The Bitcoin tokens value is linked to that of the Bitcoin. dcorp.it achieves this by always trading one Bitcoin
token for approximately one Bitcoin (a transaction fee of approximately 2% will be charged).
The Bitcoin tokens value is partly dependent on its interface with traditional entities and does not enjoy the
full independence as tokens that do not require such an interface.

13

ETHEREUM EURO (URO)
At a later stage, dcorp.it will release the ERC20 compatible Ethereum Euro (uro) token to further facilitate
trustless buyers commitment and lower the risks of price fluctuation.
The uro tokens value is linked to that of the Euro. dcorp.it achieves this by always trading one uro token for
approximately one Euro (a transaction fee of approximately 2% will be charged).
Deposited Euros will be held on a third party bank account (derdenrekening / escrow) in the Netherlands.
Under Dutch law a third party bank account is managed by a notary.
Notaries and bailiffs are legally obliged to hold a third party account
The uro tokens value is partly dependent on its interface with traditional entities and does not enjoy the full
independence as tokens that do not require such an interface.

SUPPORT
Although the derivatives exchange operates autonomously, it will be actively supported by DCORPs B of D
members and the core team. Active support will, among other things and in contrast to other incentives,
increase trust and thus usage.
Support tasks include:
-

Providing help through e-mail and message channels
Providing and updating documentation
Maintaining token ecosystem

PROFIT
Initially, transaction fees are equal to 10% of paid premiums. The percentage may be modified by the contract
owner. The owner of the derivatives exchange is DCORP and such a change may be made by submitting a
bytecode proposal that must be approved by the B of D and the shareholders.
100% of the derivatives exchanges profit, generated by the automatic and autonomous collection of fees, will
be transferred automatically and autonomously to DCORP.
DCORP distributes one-third (1/3) of the received profit between its board members and the founder, the
remaining two thirds (2/3) are added to DCORPs balance.

CONTINUATION AND COMMITMENT
Long-term continuous commitment is ensured by allocating a percentage of the contracts capital to the funding
of the core team (see also the section Funding breakdown).

14

Additionally, long-term participation is ensured by the distribution of collected fees between the B of D and the
founder.

TOKEN
The DRP token is a crucial part of the corporation as it allows participation in the voting process and entitles to
possible dividend. Ownership of the token may be transferred. The token complies with the ERC20 token
standard.
The token is not mined or pre-mined and there is no initial balance that belongs to the founder if unsold. The
tokens value is sufficiently guaranteed by ETH remaining in the contract under the control of the token holders.
The larger percentage of ETH, acquired through the pre-sale, remains in the token creation contract and is
undoubtedly transferred to DCORPs contract when deployed, with approval of the token holders. The
remaining ETH is used to fund DCORP and the seed project (see also the section Funding breakdown).

ACQUISITION
During the pre-sale phase, tokens can be acquired exclusively through the creation contract (see also the section
Pre-sale).
Directly after the token contract ownership has been transferred to DCORP (see also the section Integrity and
safety), the token can be transferred and traded freely on the open market, for example through exchanges.
The shareholders can collectively choose to issue new tokens by means of an approved bytecode proposal (see
also the section Issuing)

15

CROWD SALE
During the crowd sale period, DRP tokens can be acquired by transferring ETH into the creation contract (i.e.
sending ETH to the address that will be published on dcorp.it along with clear instructions).
Additionally clear instructions are provided to facilitate the use of BTC (Bitcoin) to buy DRP tokens.
The crowd sale period will last for 29 days.

DCORP CROWDSALE
Tokens
700
650
600

Tokens per ETH

550
500

475
425

400

400

300
200
100
0
Tokens

Angel day

1st week

650

550

2nd week

3rd week

Last week

475

425

400

Crowdsale periods

Participants can acquire DRP tokens in the first 24 hours, Angel day, of the crowd sale at a rate of 650 DRP / 1
ETH. After Angel day the rate decreases following the graph above.
During the pre-sale period and until the transfer of the ownership of the token contract to DRP, tokens cannot
be transferred (traded). Tokens can be traded directly after ownership of the token contract is transferred to
DCORP.

MINIMUM FOR SUCCESS
The crowd sale is partially considered a success if at least a bare minimum amount of ETH, equal to 724,000
was raised. In this case, DCORP is considered funded and viable.
The seed project (derivatives exchange) is considered funded if at least the bare minimum additional amount of
ETH, equal to 500,000 has been raised.
If the situation occurs in which the bare minimum amount of ETH to fund DCORP is not raised, all funds are
refunded automatically as set out in the token creation contract.

16

Note that the refund procedure requires a call to the contract from the address used to deposit the funds. The
(minimal) gas costs are not refunded.

ISSUING
The shareholders can collectively choose to issue new tokens by means of an approved bytecode proposal (see
also the section Bytecode proposals).
New tokens, that are issued at least a year after the pre-sale period ends, can be acquired by sending ETH to
DCORPs contract while the supply lasts.
The issue of new tokens can be used to inject new capital (ETH) into the corporation, for example to accelerate
growth. Because the issue of new tokens could reduce the value of the token, the ultimate decision to do so lies
with the token holders (who collectively benefit the most from a high value).

CORE TEAM INCENTIVE
To ensure long-term commitment, members of the core team receive a percentage over the total DRP token
amount in circulation. The tokens for the core team are created by the token contract so that the total amount
of tokens increases.
The incentive is distributed in three periods, initialized at the moment when the ownership of the token contract
is transferred to DCORP, by means of a shareholders vote (see also the section Integrity and safety). The first
distribution takes place one year after the deployment of DCORP. Each following distribution occurs a year after
the last distribution, so that the total incentive is distributed four years after deployment.
The first incentive to be distributed to the core team members, one year after deployment, amounts to 10% of
the tokens in circulation. The second incentive, two years after deployment, amounts to 5% of the tokens in
circulation. The last incentive, three years after deployment, amounts to 2.5% of the tokens in circulation.

INTEGRITY AND SAFETY
In order to guarantee that the ETH that was raised to be deposited into DCORP to fund the projects specified by
the shareholders, is actually deposited, the following strategy is applied.
Initially the founder manages the token contract through the creation contract with limited power. The
limitation of power is guaranteed by transferring ownership of the token contract to the creation contract.
The creation contract exposes the transfer ownership proposal function. The transfer ownership proposal
function can only be executed by the founder, as long as the founder is the owner of the creation contract and
not before the pre-sale phase has ended.
When the owner executes the transfer ownership proposal function, while providing an address as parameter,
a proposal is created on which the shareholders can vote. The proposal has a deadline of seven days after the
creation date, in which time the shareholders can review the proposal.

17

If approved, the transfer ownership proposal will initiate the following:
-

The mechanism that releases the incentive for the core team (as described in the section Core team
incentive) is enabled.
Ownership of the token contract is transferred to DCORPs address (the address supplied as a parameter
by the founder).
The ETH, which the token contract still holds, is deposited into DCORP.

In the event that the transfer ownership proposal is rejected, the procedure can be repeated until a proposal is
accepted.

ETH
DCORP holds and manages ETH on behalf of its shareholders. During the initial crowd sale phase, the ETH is held
by the DCORP token contract. Simultaneously with the token contracts transfer of ownership, the ETH will be
transferred to the DCORP corporation contract.
DCORP uses ETH to fund projects, pay out dividend to shareholders, compensate participants for their efforts
and distribute bonuses.

FUND
ETH, used for the funding of a project, is deposited into a fund contract. The fund contract contains, among
other things, the schedule and corresponding conditions regarding payouts and one or more fund managers.
The fund manager(s) decide(s) if the conditions that correspond to a specific payout are met and is/are able to
release the payout.
A fund contract contains at least:
-

A corresponding proposal
The amount of ETH as specified in the corresponding proposal
The payout schedule and corresponding conditions
The fund managers (addresses)

DIVIDEND
Ultimately, it is up to the shareholders what happens with the ETH that is held by DCORP.
Due to autonomous growth and development, deposits of ETH continue to flow back to DCORP. By means of a
governance proposal, shareholders can vote to distribute (part of) the returns to the shareholders. Dividend is
paid in proportion to the number of tokens that each shareholder owns.
A proposal to pay out dividend must contain the percentage of the returns that will be paid out and a deadline
for claiming the dividend.

18

On execution of the proposal, the amount of ETH to be paid out as dividend is allocated and each address that
holds a DCORP balance will be updated with an unclaimed dividend amount. In the time between proposal
execution and the predetermined deadline for claiming dividend, each token holder is required to execute a
function in order to claim a share of the dividend.
When the claiming period ends, any remaining ETH (unclaimed dividend) is returned to DCORP and each
address unclaimed dividend amount is reset to zero.

REWARDS
Developers and managers may receive periodic rewards payable in ETH when their work and decisions result in
profit generation.
Reward payout agreements for the developer are immutable and recorded in the deployed project. A manager
is required to be a member of the B of D and reward agreements are valid as long as the participant is a B of D
member. In the case where a manager loses the position of B of D member, the rewards are forfeited to DCORP
until the participant manages to reclaim the position of B of D member.

PLATFORM
The DCORP platform consists of a web-based front end and a smart contract back end.
The front end is a modern web interface that can be used by navigating to dcorp.it in Mist or Chrome (or any
other browser, but simple instructions are provided for Mist and Chrome). The familiar Bootstrap framework is
used to construct the front end in order to ensure a recognizable design. ASP Core in combination with
Microsofts Azure platform is used to ensure speed, scalability, reliability and extensive logging.
The back end consists of DCORPs smart contracts. The front end communicates with the back end using web3
Javascript API.
Users of the platform are not required to log in or supply personal data. An active connection to the Ethereum
network is needed to view statistics, the forum, funds and proposals. An Ether address is required to participate
(i.e. write to DCORPs contract) using the app.

EASE OF USE
The focus is on user-friendliness so that everybody can participate. The app is as easy to use as Facebook for
example.
Team members have participated in multiple usability training sessions and have produced applications that
where successfully submitted for review by usability experts at eBays daughter company Marktplaats.
The app requires an active connection to the Ethereum network. Easy to follow steps, accompanied by step by
step screenshots, will be published using Mist or Chrome in combination with Metamask.

19

DESIGN
A straightforward design using familiar elements of Bootstrap.

REVIEW
The smart contracts that make up the back end of DCORP are reviewed before being deployed by the
shareholders. Due to the nature of Ethereum the code is opensource.

20

ROADMAP
The following roadmap is the most accurate we can provide at the moment.

May
2017

June
2017

July
2017

September
2017

October
2017

December
2017

March
2018

April
2018

June
2018

Pre-sale announcement
Release of white paper

Start of crowd sale

End of crowd sale

DCORP contracts sourcecode release for review by participants

DCORP contracts deployment by means of a shareholders' vote
DCORP token can now be transfered and traded
ASP Forum release to discuss proposals
UI release to easily participate (submit proposals, vote, transfer DCORP tokens)

Derivatives exchange contracts sourcecode release for review by participants

Derivatives exchange contracts deployment

Derivatives exchange UI release

21

FUNDING BREAKDOWN
The following model is based on the scenario where the minimum funding goal is reached. An updated
breakdown can be released after the ending of the pre-sale phase.
The funds raised with the crowd sale are partially used to cover the costs involved in the development and
marketing of DCORP and the derivatives exchange. However, the shareholders balance (51% of the ETH raised
with the crowd sale) remains in the token contract.

Breakdown in percentages
Bounty fund
3%

IT infrastructure and
security
2%

General and
administrative
6%
Marketing
4%

Shareholder balance
(used to fund projects)
51%

Legal
3%

Development (including
UI)
22%

Software licences
2%
Reserves
7%
IT infrastructure and security

General and administrative

Marketing

Legal

Development (including UI)

Software licences

Reserves

Shareholder balance (used to fund projects)

Bounty fund

22

TEAM
Meet the team! Click on the name of a team member to connect. We are happy to answer questions (in English
or Dutch) and help is welcome too!

FRANK BONNET
Founder and lead developer at DCORP. Frank Bonnet has nine years of experience designing, building and
maintaining countless enterprise .NET applications. Co-founder, developer and owner of DS Verzekeringen, an
insurance company in the Netherlands and many other web-based projects.
Ether enthusiast, investor in both mining and trading. Experience with developing contracts in Solidity using
Truffle and Mocha. Has a business view and a developers mind.
0x3cAf983aCCccc2551195e0809B7824DA6FDe4EC8

ARLIW NEATPROM
Web designer and software engineer with experience in visual computing and Matlab. Responsible for the frontend development of the UIs.
Studied computer science at Khon Kaen University until she graduated in 2016. Arliw Neatproms creativity,
experience with web design and determination are an inspiration for the rest of the team.
0x5becE8B6Cb3fB8FAC39a09671a9c32872ACBF267

HANSCO LEEK
Stockbroker, entrepreneur, investor and co-owner / founder at Autodealers (a successful Automotive IT
company) among others. Early Bitcoin adopter and investor, currently investing in Ether among others.
At the age of 17, Hansco Leek started trading stocks and soon found himself successfully speculating by trading
options and futures on the trading floor in Amsterdam. Realizing the potential of the upcoming internet
business, he invested the money he gained through speculating in internet startups.
After 23 years of experience, Hansco Leek believes in DCORP and its decentralized derivatives exchange. By
bringing management and trading expertise, he makes the team stronger and his early investment helps to
realize the project.
0x59251e45aF3cd7b80879495Cf565B525Ba233e48

23

CORBEN LEEK
Software engineer and network architect with 17 years of experience in .NET, Windows, Linux and VMware.
Corben Leek has developed enterprise applications for the financial giants ASR and Krooimans and among
others.
Long time entrepreneur and co-founder / owner at Autodealers, blue7.nl, autowereld.nl, Slimverzekeren,
DealerServices among others.
Corben Leeks extensive experience with developing financial enterprise applications in combination with being
an early cryptocurrency adopter make him a valuable asset to the team.
0x6c31de34b5df94f681afef9757ec3ed1594f7d9e

MARC VAN BROEKHOVEN
Energetic and versatile business technologist with broad > 20yrs experience in Communications and IT
industries. Change Agent. Delivered countless innovative projects and services across Business (Sales, CRM,
Billing and Collections) and Technology (Upgrades, Integrations, re-Platforming) with companies like IBM,
Huawei, Vodafone, KPN, T-Mobile and Mendix. Proficiency engaging with customers and working with
management teams across cultures. Marc is a strong believer and adopter of Ethereum as a disruptive
technology facilitating differentiating business and operating models in an increasingly flat and interconnected
world.
Marcs strengths and satisfaction are helping customers successfully adopt these disruptive technologies to
(re)gain agility and competitive edge.
0x603CB6937486BA55D47523fAF1e807Aa4c38113A

PAUL STOOP
Paul Stoop has over 10 years experience as a change & program manager within the financial services. He has
directed several large-scale programs. Now he is responsible for the digital transformation for a listed Dutch
financial service provider.
The rapid developments in the fintech sector and the opportunities of the decentralized organizations
strengthen each other in order to raise the established order in financial services. With his extensive knowledge
of software development, financial services and digitization, Paul wants to give a boost to this new world as
partner of the DCORP team.
0x658811F170bB9FaFFAc969e45dF773564D3dfE7D

24

WILLIAM RICE
William Rice is a seasoned executive in the Technology industry offering over 20 years of experience in Digital
Technology, Telecommunications and Media in both multinational corporate environments as well as with startups. He is a creative and content-focused leader with the capabilities to inspire and to drive innovative concepts
towards value.
In recent years, William has focused on developing, marketing and selling solutions in areas like:
- Digital Media
- Media cloud services (e.g. transport, transcoding, workflow, storage)
- Broadcasting, OTT TV and Online Video
- Social business solutions (e.g. social network analysis, social media analytics)
- Big Data, Analytics & Customer Insights
- Blockchain for business applications
- AI & Automation.
William hold a Masters Degree in Psychology. From this background he continually observes how consumer
behavior is changing, and determines the upcoming challenges and opportunities for technology industry.
0xdaacdf978db571fe2165101eb20f1d1e106bde83

MAARTEN JANSEN
Maarten attended law school at the university of Leiden where he obtained his masters degree in Dutch law in
2000. Maarten has seventeen years experience as a lawyer. His practice focuses on corporate, financial and
bankruptcy law, incorporations, restructurings, securities, asset and share transactions, business purchases and
sales and a wide variety of contract drafting. Maarten is also regularly appointed by the court as a trustee in
bankruptcies.
0x41012a90659e245A045FF5DBd416DAAEED0919Be

RUUD DE KLEIJN
Ruud de Kleijn studied physics (for a short while) and ultimately completed business law cum laude. His first
position was as a management consultant, working for several companies and government institutions. After a
few years he switched to his other passion: the law. These days he specializes in financial law (securities and
derivatives) and intellectual property law. Because of his combination of a technical background and experience
in management of companies, Ruud is often asked to counsel start-ups and scale-ups with innovative ideas.

25









district0x Network

White Paper v0.3
September 14th, 2017


A cooperative of decentralized marketplaces and communities.
Powered by Ethereum, Aragon, and IPFS.


Matus Lestan
matus@district0x.io

Joe Urgo
joe@district0x.io

Alexander Khoriaty
alexander@district0x.io














2

Abstract
In this paper, we offer an overview of the district0x Network, a collective of decentralized
marketplaces and communities, hereafter referred to as districts.

Districts exist as decentralized entities, built upon a standard open source framework
comprised of Ethereum smart contracts and front-end libraries, hereafter referred to as
d0xINFRA.

d0xINFRA provides districts with core functionalities that are necessary to operate an
online marketplace or community. Namely, the ability for users to post listings, filter and
search through listings, rank peers and amass reputation, and send invoices and collect
payments. The d0xINFRA framework is designed to be open and extendable, allowing
districts to be customized and granted additional functionality through the use of auxiliary
modules.

We also introduce the district0x Network Token in order to facilitate open participation
and coordination across the network while providing protections from malicious actors.
The district0x Network Token is a multi-utility token which is required for application to
the district0x Network, utilized in an incentivized voting game to dictate access to a suite
of ancillary services exclusive to network members, used to signal support or disapproval
for proposals made by network participants, and which can be staked to deposit pools to
mint tokens providing district-specific rights on third-party platforms.






3

Table of Contents
Introduction

4

Districts

5

d0xINFRA

8

Auxiliary Modules

9

Governance by Aragon

10

The District Registry

11

district0x Network Token

14

district0x Network Token Distribution

16

Roadmap

17

Projected Use of Contributions

18

Management of Contributions

19

Transparency Policy

20

Team

21

Appendix



22





4

Introduction
In recent years, the economic powers of decentralization have materialized. Uber has
disintermediated transportation and achieved a valuation of $69B1. Airbnb has made
similar disruptions in the lodging sector, giving them a value of $31B2 by most recent
measures. Entrenched conglomerates are being uprooted by upstarts who realize that
value is in the network effect of their users, rather than the cost of physical assets they
own or expend.

While customers of these services have enjoyed lower prices and better user
experiences relative to those available in the past, they are still subject to higher costs
than they would be without for-profit third-parties extracting fees and they have little say
over the evolution of these platforms. Despite business models relying upon sustaining
massive user bases that allow them to operate at scale, users have no means of
participating in the value creation reaped from their use of these centrally controlled
platforms. Until recent advancements in trustless network design, network participants
had few reliable means for self-organizing without a centralized party.

The advent and subsequent development of the Ethereum protocol has opened the door
for experimentation in decentralized organizational structures and the distribution of
governance rights to a networks participants. Projects such as Aragon, Boardroom,
Colony, and Giveth are actively working to harness the powers of Ethereum for these
purposes, building platforms that enable non-technical users to create and administrate
decentralized organizations. These tools allow for new means of group coordination
through economic incentives, making it possible to disintermediate marketplaces and
communities and to allocate voting rights to their participants. In short, citizens of the
internet can now build and control the platforms they frequent every day.

Utilizing the aforementioned technologies, the district0x Network will facilitate the
operation and governance of marketplaces and communities as decentralized entities.
The district0x Network will enable the recreation of many of the internets most popular
applications and services while eliminating rent-seeking and the relinquishment of
decisions and personal data to third-parties.


1

 https://www.recode.net/2017/5/25/15686886/ride-hail-valuation-investment-uber-didi-lyft
 https://www.wsj.com/articles/airbnb-valued-at-31-billion-after-new-funding-round-1489086240

2



5

Districts
The district0x Network is comprised of districts. Districts are markets and communities
that exist as decentralized entities built upon the d0xINFRA framework.

At the core of every district are components necessary to operate a marketplace or
bulletin board application. All districts provide the following baseline functionalities:

 Posting and listings
 Search and filtering
 Ranking and reputation
 Payments and invoicing

These capabilities are tied together and made accessible to users via list, thumbnail, and
gallery-style user interfaces, popularized by online services such as Craigslist and Reddit.

Ethlance
Launched on the Ethereum MainNet in January 2017, E
 thlance is a freelance job market
and the first district of the district0x Network.







6
Ethlance allows users to create an employer/employee profile, list and apply for open
positions, rank and provide feedback for employers/employees, and to send/receive
invoices. Ethlance does not charge any service fees, and users pay only the necessary
cost of gas to broadcast their profiles, posts, messages, feedback, and invoices to the
Ethereum network.

Ethlances code is completely open-source at g
 ithub.com/district0x/ethlance. Ethlances
front-end source files are written in Clojurescript and served via IPFS. Ethlances backend
logic is governed by 14 smart contracts deployed on the Ethereum MainNet (Appendix A).

Since its launch, over 410 users have created a profile and more than 190 open positions
have been listed. Projects such as Status, Aragon, Colony, WeTrust, Rex, JAAK, and
Giveth are amongst those currently hiring via Ethlance. 

As the original district, Ethlance serves as an experimental sandbox for the creation and
refinement of the d0xINFRA framework and will be developed in perpetuity alongside
other districts deployed by the district0x team.

Name Bazaar

The second district to be deployed to the district0x Network will be Name Bazaar, a
peer-to-peer marketplace for the exchange of names registered via the Ethereum Name
Service. Name Bazaar intends to provide an easily discoverable registry of ENS names
that have been made available for purchase by their owners.

Amongst available options, owners will be able to choose to open customized auctions
or list their names for sale at fixed prices. Sellers will have the option of setting their
prices in ETH or any ERC20 token.

Name Bazaar will also allow for the trading of subdomains, enabling the exchange of
usernames in decentralized applications such as Status and organization names in the
Aragon Network Company Registry.

Meme Factory

Inspired by the work of Simon de la Rouviere and his C
 uration Markets design, the third
district to be deployed to the district0x Network is Meme Factory. Meme Factory will
allow users to mint their own tokenized memes and offer them for sale immediately.



7
Meme Factory will provide an interface for the creation of provably rare digital assets on
the Ethereum blockchain which can be immediately posted to a bulletin board-style
marketplace for exchange.

Tokenizing and posting a meme to Meme Factory will resemble the process of creating a
new post on Reddit. Minting a tokenized meme will resemble the process of upvoting.
The number of tokens in existence for a particular meme at any given time will act as the
ranking mechanism, resembling the number of upvotes a post has received. These
functions will be tied together with a Curation Market model, with the cost of minting and
the rates at which one can redeem their memes governed by a scaling pricing curve.

Future Districts

Following the launch of Meme Factory, the district0x team intends to continue to
introduce new districts to the district0x Network. The district0x Network makes use of an
open proposal process, allowing all community members to submit ideas for new districts
via the district0x GitHub.

The district0x Network Token offers a means for network participants to signal which
districts they would like to see built and deployed to the network next, enabling holders
to coordinate around ideas which will add the most utility. Signaling is currently facilitated
via the District Proposal Voting dApp, a customized implementation of CarbonVote.

District Creation Platform

The district0x Network will ultimately be comprised of global marketplaces and
hyperlocal communities alike. The district creation platform will provide users with an
easy to use interface to design and deploy their own districts to the district0x Network.

The district creation platform will provide a way to customize the parameters of the smart
contracts powering a district and will offer numerous UI options to support a wide variety
of markets and communities. The district creation interface will feature an auxiliary
module directory, similar to the Apple App Store, to allow for the easy discovery of
plugins that extend the functionality and utility of districts.





8

d0xINFRA
d0xINFRA is an open source framework comprised of Ethereum smart contracts and
front-end libraries that govern the deployment of new districts to the network and
provide their baseline functionalities.

Each districts backend logic will be controlled by a combination of d0xINFRA contracts
shared by all districts on the network and a set of district-specific contracts. Similarly, for
the front-end, districts will share reusable components where possible, primarily
under-the-hood front-end logic, while still allowing for broad visual UI diversity.




The district0x Network seeks to be home to a vast array of markets and communities. In
accordance with this vision, d0xINFRA has been designed as an open and extendable
modular system that allows districts to implement unique features and enhanced
functionality via the plug-in of auxiliary modules (covered in the following section).



9

Auxiliary Modules

To allow for the development and deployment of new features, functionality, and
revenue generating mechanisms to districts, districts can be customized and extended
through the use of auxiliary modules.

An example of an auxiliary module that could potentially generate revenue for a district,
is one which provides a mechanism for users to bid on premium placement of their
listings, similar to Google AdWords. Winning bids would be sent to the districts
governance pool. The participants in a district ultimately determine how funds in their
governance pool are to be allocated via their voting processes.

Another example of a potential revenue generating auxiliary module, is one which allows
for the optional insurance of proposals on the platform.  One could imagine a third-party
service deploying a module to offer financial guarantees on arrangements between
users of the platform in exchange for a fee.

An example of an auxiliary module that can enhance the user experience of a district is a
moderation mechanism that allows for the flagging and takedown of spam, malicious
links, or explicit content.

Districts will decide on a district by district basis what auxiliary modules are implemented
via their governance processes.

Third parties are encouraged to develop and contribute auxiliary modules to district0x.
They are incentivized to do so via the ability to charge districts fees for usage rights.








10

Governance by Aragon

Launched in 2017, Aragon is an operating system for decentralized entities. The Aragon
platform provides an easy to use interface for creating, administering, and governing
virtual entities. 

Aragon allows for user-friendly management of the basic components of an entity such
as voting right distribution, role assignments, and accounting. The behavior of an Aragon
entity can be customized by changing its bylaws.

The creation of a district on the district0x Network will trigger the creation of a deposit
pool and corresponding entity on the Aragon Network. Through the district0x Network
Token staking interface, token holders can stake their tokens to deposit pools to mint
tokens which represent voting rights in district-specific Aragon entities, via which all of
the districts governance activities will occur.

Voting rights can be used to partake in the processes that determine the characteristics
of a district ranging from its design, to its functionality, to its accepted code of conduct, to
the way revenue generated by the district is utilized or distributed.

Aragon entities created for districts will come preconfigured with a suggested set of
bylaws and parameters, but district participants can vote to change these as they see fit.






11

The District Registry

The District Registry is a decentrally maintained district whitelist, storing the credentials
of districts which have been granted access to the district0x Network. The presence of a
district in the District Registry signifies that the district has been accredited by district0x
Network Token holders as non-malicious and value-additive to the district0x Network.

Inclusion in the District Registry grants a district access to a suite of ancillary services
exclusive to members of the district0x Network. Registered districts are also eligible for
inclusion in the district0x Network Token staking interface, whereby token holders can
stake their DNT to a districts deposit pool to mint voting rights in the respective districts
Aragon entity.

A user interface will allow token holders to submit new district proposals to the District
Registry, challenge proposals, and vote for or against proposals in any ongoing voting
period. Additionally, token holders can vote to alter parameters for the District Registry at
large through the same interface.

Proposals and Deposits

To seek placement in the District Registry, authors of qualifying district proposals must
submit a deposit of district0x Network Tokens along with their completed proposal to the
District Registrys application pool. This application will remain idle until the challenge
period passes.

If no challenge is raised during this period, the district will be included in the District
Registry and the initial deposit will be transferred to the districts deposit pool on behalf
of the applicant, assigning the initial voting rights in the corresponding Aragon entity to
the applicant. Additionally, before any challenge occurs, the author may choose to
withdraw their application, reclaiming their deposit and forfeiting their chance for
inclusion in the District Registry until a later application is made. Applicants may apply for
placement in the District Registry as frequently as desired.

Challenges
At any point during or after the challenge period, any district0x Network Token holder
may choose to challenge a listings inclusion within the District Registry by sending an
equivalent deposit amount to the application pool. This initiates a voting period, during



12
which DNT holders across the network may vote in favor or against the inclusion of the
proposal in the District Registry. Votes are weighted according to a users DNT balance,
and are partially locked in a commit-reveal process inspired by Colonys voting system.
If at the end of the voting period, vote counts are weighted in favor of inclusion to the
District Registry, the application succeeds and the challengers deposit is forfeited.
Likewise, if vote counts are weighted against inclusion to the Registry, the application is
rejected, and the applicants deposit is forfeited.

In both cases, a portion of the forfeited deposit gets distributed as a reward to voters on
the winning side of the vote in proportion with their vote size, and the depositor of the
winning side has their deposit returned. Voters from both sides never have funds at
stake, and will have their voting tokens returned to them in full regardless of the outcome
of the challenge. Applicants and challengers stand to lose their deposit from losing the
vote, while voters only stand to gain from participation.

Parameterization
All numeric parameters of the District Registry are flexible, and can themselves be voted
on for change through the propose-and-challenge process described above. The
district0x team will define the initial parameter values and will stake the initial deposits
required for these parameters. The parameter set is as follows:



 Required Deposit - The number of district0x Network Tokens needed to submit an
application to the Registry.
 Challenge Period Length - The amount of time (measured in blocks) that an
application must remain idle for challenge before automatic inclusion in the
Registry.
 Voting Period Length - The amount of time (measured in blocks) that a challenge
will remain open for voting commits from token holders.
 Reveal Period Length - The amount of time (measured in blocks) during which
committed votes can be revealed for a particular challenge.
 Required Vote Share Ratio - The ratio [0 - 1] of committed AND revealed tokens in
a vote required to uphold an applications place in the District Registry. A higher
number implies a higher bar of acceptance to the Registry.
 Awarded Ratio - The ratio [0 - 1] of forfeited deposits in a challenge that gets
rewarded to the winning depositor. A higher number is more rewarding for the
depositor, a lower number is more rewarding for voters.



13
The district0x team will affix the initial parameter set to the following values:

 Required Deposit - 1,000 DNT
 Challenge Period Length - 24,200 blocks (about one week)
 Voting Period Length - 24,200 blocks
 Reveal Period Length - 7,000 blocks (about 48 hours)
 Required Vote Share Ratio - .5 (A simple majority decides to accept/reject
applications)
 Awarded Ratio - .5 (A challenger needs 66.7% confidence in success to justify a
challenge)

The graphic below illustrates the flow of value between network participants in the event
of a proposal being challenged and granted access to the network after a voting period.







14

district0x Network Token

To facilitate open participation and coordination across the network while providing
protections from malicious actors we introduce the district0x Network Token (DNT). The
district0x Network Token is a multi-utility ERC20 token providing holders with both
network wide governance utility and a means of gaining access to district-specific voting
rights.

Network Governance Utility

The district0x Network Token is used for interaction with the District Registry and to
govern various aspects of the district0x Network at large.

Currently, district0x Network Token holders can utilize their DNT to signal for which
districts they would like the district0x team to build and deploy next to the district0x
Network. Token holders also have the ability to signal their support or disapproval for
proposals made by network participants via the district0x Feedback Dapp.

Gradually, additional district0x Network-wide governance utility will be introduced to the
district0x Network Token, experimenting with different capabilities and allowing time for
testing and refinement before committing to permanent designs for implementation.

Before the current district0x Network roadmap will be considered complete, governance
of the network at large will be turned over entirely to district0x Network Token holders.

District-Specific Governance Utility

The district0x Network Token can be staked to deposit pools to mint tokens providing
district-specific voting rights in corresponding Aragon entities. These voting rights allow
holders to directly participate in the governance of districts on the network.

Upon staking DNT to a districts deposit pool, participants will receive tokenized voting
rights in the respective districts Aragon entity, which they will retain for the duration of
the time their tokens remained staked. The rate at which voting rights are dispensed will
be governed by a sliding pricing curve with the amount of DNT required to stake to mint 1
voting right increasing as a districts deposit pool grows.




15
Participants are free to exit a district at any time, so long as they do not have votes cast
in an open vote, by un-staking their district0x Network Tokens. If a participant has cast
votes in an open vote, they are free to exit the district as soon as the voting period
closes.

Voting rights are immediately forfeited and retired upon the un-staking of DNT from a
district. After being un-staked, DNT can immediately be staked to other districts. The
frequency and duration of voting periods for a given district are defined in their
respective bylaws.

Unless specified in the bylaws of a district, there are no restrictions on the percentage of
a districts voting rights that a participant can acquire and possess at any given time.








16

district0x Network Token Distribution

The district0x Genesis Contract minted 1,000,000,000 district0x Network Tokens.

The district0x Genesis Contract has allocated the minted district0x Network Tokens as
follows:

 600,000,000 = Distributed to participants in Contribution Period v0.1
 140,000,000 = Reserved for potential Contribution Period v0.2
 40,000,000 = Reserved for potential Contribution Period v0.3
 200,000,000 = Distributed to Founders (vest over the course of 2 years)
 15,000,000 = Distributed to Advisors (vest over the course of 2 years)
 5,000,000 = Distributed to Early Contributors (vest over the course of 6 months)

DNT tokens minted for allocation to founders, advisors, and early contributors are subject
to a vesting schedule. Founder and advisor tokens are allocated over a 24-month vesting
period, with a 6-month cliff. Early contributor tokens are allocated over a 6-month vesting
period, with a 3-month cliff.

Contribution Period v0.1

Contribution Period v0.1 began on July 18th, 2017 and ended on August 1st, 2017. During
this time, a total of 43,169 ETH of contributions were received. Within 24 hours of the end
of the event, 600,000,000 district0x Network Tokens were divided and distributed to the
participants.

Contribution Periods v0.2 and v0.3

A total of 180,000,000 district0x Network Tokens have been reserved to ensure the
continued efforts of the district0x Network, in the event that additional contributions are
needed to fulfill the district0x Network roadmap.

Contribution Periods v0.2 and v0.3 are subject to occur only after both the completion of
the key milestones cited on the district0x roadmap (outlined in the following section) and
18 months have passed since the previous Contribution Period. Contribution Periods v0.2
and v0.3 will not occur if additional funding is not necessary to complete the projects
remaining roadmap items.



17

Roadmap
Prior to potential Contribution Period v0.2






Deploy d0xINFRA
Migrate Ethlance to d0xINFRA
Deploy Name Bazaar to district0x Network
Deploy Meme Factory to district0x Network
Deploy the District Registry

Prior to potential Contribution Period v0.3





Enable district extendability via auxiliary modules
Deploy auxiliary module directory
Deploy 5 additional districts to district0x Network
Deploy district0x Network Token staking interface

Following potential Contribution Period v0.3




 Deploy district creation interface
 Deploy d
 istrict0x Network directory
 Complete handover of governance of the district0x Network to district0x Network
Token holders





18

Projected Use of Contributions

Contributions received during Contribution Period v0.1 will be used exclusively for the
development and expansion of the district0x Network.

Development Expenses

Contributions allocated for development expenses will be utilized to cover costs
associated with the refinement of d0xINFRA, the deployment of new districts to the
district0x Network, the creation of auxiliary modules, improvements to districts
developed in-house, security audits, and the launch of the district creation platform.

Operational Expenses

Contributions allocated for operational expenses will cover any costs associated with
accounting, business development, community management, education, people
operations, recruiting, support, and any other administrative tasks.

Marketing Expenses

Contributions allocated for marketing expenses will cover any costs associated with the
promotion of the district0x Network, districts on the district0x Network, the d0xINFRA
framework, and the district0x Power Plant.

Legal Expenses

Contributions allocated for legal expenses will cover any legal costs associated with the
establishment and operation of District0x Ltd., the establishment and operation of
entities selected as service providers by the district0x Network, and any unforeseen
legal costs necessary to resolve matters that could pose a threat to the district0x
Network.

The district0x Power Plant

Inspired by the Slack Fund, the district0x team will seek to establish an entity to support
the expansion of the district0x Network, advance the infrastructure upon which it is built,
foster the emergence of a developer ecosystem, and back the efforts of partner projects
that offer opportunities for interoperability.




19

Management of Contributions

As an Ethereum-based project, the long-term viability and utility of the district0x Network
is directly correlated to the continued development of the Ethereum protocol and growth
of its user base. Given such, after hedging 2 years worth of runway into a stable coin, we
intend to pay all wages to team members in ETH, to pay all possible expenses with ETH,
and to hold all idle funds in ETH in a multisig wallet indefinitely.

Understanding that the price of ETH relative to fiat currencies can be highly volatile, we
have left the door open to additional contribution periods in the event that further
funding becomes necessary for the completion of the district0x Network roadmap due to
a sustained decline in ETH/USD prices.

In the event that ETH continues to appreciate vs USD and excess contributions remain
upon the completion of the district0x Network roadmap, options will be explored to
return ETH to district0x Network Token holders.







20

Transparency Policy

As a community-centric project, we believe operational transparency is paramount. The
following steps will be taken to ensure that district0x Network Token holders will have
access to an adequate amount of information about the progression of the district0x
Network and the usage of contributions received from supporters.

Financial Disclosures

 The multisig wallet in which contributions are held will always be publicly
displayed at https://district0x.io/transparency/
 Quarterly updates on our financial position and usage of contributions will be
made publicly available at https://district0x.io/transparency/

Service Provider Disclosures

 Public work profile links (LinkedIn, GitHub) for all service providers presently
contracted by the district0x Network will be accessible at https://district0x.io/team/
 All wages paid to service providers presently contracted by the district0x Network
will be publicly accessible from https://district0x.io/transparency/

Development Disclosures

 Bi-weekly development updates will be published to https://blog.district0x.io/
 A link to the current district0x Network roadmap will always be publicly accessible
at https://district0x.io/transparency/
 A link to the district0x GitHub repository will always be publicly accessible at
https://district0x.io/transparency/ 

Contact Information

 A link to a public district0x Network chat client (Slack, Gitter, or similar platform)
will always be publicly accessible at https://district0x.io/team/
 The district0x email address will always be displayed at https://district0x.io/team/
 The email address of all district0x team members will always be displayed at
https://district0x.io/team/



21

Team

Matus Lestan
Co-founder - Tech Lead

Developed Ethlance as the first district. Matus is a lifelong
developer with a strong passion for decentralization.
Previously working as a freelance developer for 8 years,
Matus is now known for pushing the Clojure-Ethereum
ecosystem forward via numerous open source contributions.

Joe Urgo
Co-founder - Strategy and Operations Lead

Founder/CEO at Sourcerers, Joe is a curious explorer of
decentralized business models and token-enabled
governance structures. Previously Joe worked as an
Operations Manager at Coinbase, a Derivatives Trader at
Three Arrows Capital, and a Professional Poker Player.

Alexander Khoriaty - Project Manager
Mike Konkov - Clojurescript Developer
Filip Bielejec - Clojurescript Developer
P.J. Leimgruber - Marketing Lead
Brady McKenna - Community Manager
Farhan Shaikh - Community Manager

Advisors
Luis Cuende - Co-founder at Aragon
Carl Bennett - Co-founder at Status
Brayton Williams - Co-founder at Boost VC
Vincent Zhou - Founder at FBG Capital
Manmeet Singh - Co-founder at Blockseed Ventures



22

Appendix
Appendix A

Ethlances backend logic is governed by 14 smart contracts deployed on the Ethereum
MainNet:

 EthlanceViews - 0x1f286cB2EB7AE530FD85FD6EcE2e17d4f60D8DaA
 EthlanceUser - 0x27d233fa6032e848a016092d70493b2a5f13a95f
 EthlanceMessage - 0xf94aa98bde7589719f1f08c6fb032debd0d7e9e6
 EthlanceConfig - 0xe7d8d05f8328ea5b8fba5a77d4e4172487264bda
 EthlanceContract - 0x8F24AF20ad202C77686B771AD3dBc6b1fe28dDdD
 EthlanceSponsor - 0xb9f7d3b60ec29bd73fd66428f140ed5b0e1ef6ec
 EthlanceInvoice - 0x78f1072964d7f110e06670c229794afbdce7e474
 EthlanceSearchJobs - 0
 x9e2f85eea233047e527039681ad84448c8926690
 EthlanceFeedback - 0
 x2249713725c8a4a070a61de0bdce6b1081014185
 EthlanceSponsorWallet - 0xc80d2cb06ce606395178692de07ea9da1f873aa3
 EthlanceUser2 - 0x42c3e6bf6e47ad3d6cbb0b966c44e9331e96dd3e
 EthlanceDB - 0x5371a8d8d8a86c76de935821ad1a3e9b908cfced
 EthlanceJob - 0xB9E80ce5A7CbbA0Aab685797F6585AD1f3c90028
 EthlanceSearchFreelancers - 0x43386ad7af76ca5384bc06ae0c74e230f32744ee

Appendix B

A special thanks to the following community members for their feedback and continued
support of the district0x Network:

 Luis Cuende
 Nadav Hollander
 Carl Bennetts
 Stephen King
 Jarrad Hope
 Jorge Mielgo
 Steven McKie
 Griff Green
 Jorge Izquierdo
 Phil Kurtland
 Jake Vartanian
 Alexander Chopan
 Jake Brukhman
 Alex Maslar
 Max Mersch
 Christina De Paris
 Simon de la Rouviere
 Tatu Krki
 George Li
 Chase Cole

ETHEROLL DICE GAME
WHITEPAPER
Draft version 1.2
Please note that this document does not constitute to it being a Prospectus of any sort,
neither do we intend to misrepresent the sale of this sort as being an Initial Public Offering or
Share/Equity offering. This token sale does not involve the exchange of crypto currencies for
any form of Ordinary Shares in Etheroll, neither does the DICE token purchaser receive any
form of dividend that is guaranteed. This crowdfund will not accept fiat currency.

Etheroll Whitepaper
Etheroll is an Ethereum-based dice gambling Dapp that enables individuals to place bets on
the result of a 100-sided dice roll without user deposits or sign-ups, using Ether  the 2nd
most popular cryptocurrency in the world. Players can choose their own odds with our
unique UI and payouts are instant. Game code is built entirely on top of the Ethereum
blockchain, which allows for a level of transparency and accountability that traditional
online casinos simply cannot provide.
Table of contents
1) Abstract
a. Provably-fair
b. Market Opportunity
2) Solution
3) Attributes
4) Our Vision
5) DICE Token
6) DICE Conversion Schedule
7) Use of funds
8) Security
9) Platform Design
a. UI/UX
b. Architecture
10) Timeline
11) Disclaimer
Draft
February 2017

Etheroll Whitepaper
Abstract
Etheroll is a provably-fair Ethereum-based dice gaming Dapp which allows individuals to:
i.

Place bets in units of Ether
The Etheroll dice game has the following characteristics:
a. Transparent source code
b. Players set their own odds
c. No deposits
d. No sign-ups
e. Immediate payouts
f. Competitively low 1% house edge
g. Intuitive web-based user interface

ii.

Bet on the house by holding DICE tokens
100% of all profit Etheroll earns is allocated to token holders. Profit is distributed to
token holders proportional to the number of tokens they hold. DICE token holders
enjoy exposure to every bet made on the platform, with the advantage of the house
edge always being in their favour. Due to the law of large numbers, token holders
should always return a profit. The house edge is 1% which means there is a
consistent 1% expected value (EV) for token holders.

Provably-fair
Our random number generation uses open source blockchain-based Oraclize.it (a provablyhonest oracle service) to retrieve an integer safely from outside of the blockchain. This
integer is supplied by Random.org via TLSNotary. The Etheroll smart-contract then performs
sha3() encryption on the result returned from Random.org and the IPFS address of the
TLSNotary proof to achieve the final dice result.
Currently, this is the safest way for Etheroll to generate its random numbers. This method
ensures potential attacking miners and/or 3rd parties cannot control the final value of our
final dice result.
Etheroll will continue to develop on its random number generation. Etheroll is currently
using the following method for retrieving a random number for the results of its dice game:
Upon receiving a valid bet via the playerRollDice(uint rollUnder) function, our smartcontract queries Oraclize.it via a partially encrypted, nested query. A partially encrypted,
nested query ensures that the API key Etheroll uses to call Random.org remains safe, whilst
publicly exposing our random number request and range, to ensure players the Etheroll
smart-contract is behaving honestly.

Etheroll Whitepaper
To protect the Etheroll API key, Oraclize utilizes an Elliptic Curve Integrated Encryption
Scheme composed of the following algorithms:
1. An Elliptic Curve Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange (ECDH), which uses secp256k1 as curve
and ANSI X9.63 with SHA256 as Key Derivation Function. This algorithm is used to
derive a shared secret from the Oraclize public key and the sender private key.
2. The shared secret is used by an AES-256 in Galois Counter Mode (GCM), an
authenticated symmetric cipher, to encrypt the query. The authentication tag is 16bytes of length and the nonce is chosen to be 000000000000 (96 bits of length),
which is safe because the shared secret is different for every encrypted query.
Oraclize then returns the concatenation of the encoded point (i.e the public key of
the senders), the authentication tag and the encrypted text.
The decrypted query is delivered to Random.org which in turn supplies the JSON response
which includes an integer ranging from 1-100. The following is the Solidity code for this
query:
bytes32 rngId = oraclize_query("nested", "[URL]
['json(https://api.random.org/json-rpc/1/invoke).result.random.data.0',
'\\n{\"jsonrpc\":\"2.0\",\"method\":\"generateSignedIntegers\",\"params\":{\"apiKe
y\":${[decrypt]
BBdNQjoFRtO/Od/8NmPt+rdMjLiRAciRv+NxvI5vtiSSgcrUFT9vx636i0xetTG5Rqy1tWtnG4Uaw7GuVe
b3HDYHoS2WXFYBpoK+XqXQIzcQwzgiyHjyGN+yl1ia581kX0fYb8FLOcFGIvRtx6aas8+mfXpGFvk=},\"
n\":1,\"min\":1,\"max\":100,\"replacement\":true,\"base\":10${[identity]
\"}\"},\"id\":1${[identity] \"}\"}']", gasForOraclize);

The random numbers requested are exactly as expected via the following request:
n\":1,\"min\":1,\"max\":100,\"replacement\":true

This query asks Random.org to return 1 number, a minimum of 1, a maximum of 100, and
each request to be a separate event. Note the encrypted API key as the long sequence of
scrambled characters.
When Random.org receives this query, it recognizes our decrypted API key and uses
atmospheric noise to provide the Etheroll API key with a truly random integer. Atmospheric
noise is caused by natural atmospheric processes, primarily lightning discharges in
thunderstorms. On a worldwide scale, 3.5 million lightning flashes occur daily. This is about
40 lightning flashes per second.
The sum of these lightning flashes results in atmospheric noise, which is observed by a radio
receiver in the form of a combination of white noise and impulse noise.
IPFS stored TLSNotary proof of the transaction proves Oraclize.it did not alter the results
from the Random.org service in anyway. The proof string is exactly the IPFS multi-hash that
identifies the TLSNotary proof. Players will fetch the proof if they wish, for example at
http://ipfs.io/ipfs/proof

Etheroll Whitepaper
At the time the Etheroll smart-contract receives the JSON response of the random number
in the function __callback(bytes32 myid, string result, bytes proof) .
The integer result is sha3() on-chain to produce the final dice result. The following
algorithm ensures the dice result is provably fair for our players:
Let r be the random value returned from Random.org via Oraclize.
Let p be the IPFS address of the PageSigner TLSNotary proof content.

The following Solidity code example is used to produce a provably-fair random number
bounded between l and u inclusive (1, 100) and guaranteed to be evenly distributed across
the range of values.
finalResult = uint(sha3(r, p)) % 100 + 1;

Our smart-contract then calculates the value of the integer finalResult against the original
integer that was submitted by the player (stored as playerNumber) via a mapping to the
player address via the following:
mapping (bytes32 => uint) playerNumber;
function playerRollDice(uint rollUnder){
playerNumber[rngId] = rollUnder;

}
If finalResult is lower than playerNumber submitted by the player, the player wins. At
which point, the smart-contract calculates the required payout and pays bets instantly,
whilst engraving properties of the bet into the Ethereum blockchain (as an event) for a
tamper proof history of all bets.

Opportunity
The market size of the online-gambling industry for 2016 is estimated to be $45 billion USD.
These are impressive numbers. However, online-gambling does not consist entirely of
cryptocurrency gambling alone. Lets take a closer look at the current cryptocurrency
gambling market. We will first focus our attention on the Bitcoin gambling market, and use
this as a guide towards the future potential market of gambling on top of the worlds 2nd
most popular cryptocurrency, Ether.
i.

ii.
iii.

iv.

Bitcoin currently has a market cap of ~$14 billion USD. [1]
It is estimated that 50-60% of all Bitcoin transactions relate to online gambling. [2]
In the past year, Bitcoin and alt-coin casino revenue was 3,173,833 BTC with a profit
of 15,173.6 BTC. In the same period, 20.83 billion bets have been placed across
Bitcoin casinos. [3]
Bitcoin is currently the largest cryptocurrency by market cap and as such, represents
the largest share of the cryptocurrency gambling market. SatoshiDice launched its

Etheroll Whitepaper
Bitcoin based dice game in 2012 and currently enjoys a lion share of the Bitcoin dice
game market with 134,374 Bitcoin wagered last year alone.
The following table illustrates reported revenue for popular Bitcoin casinos in 2016
[4]:

v.
vi.

Casino

Bets

Wagered

Primedice

11.25 billion

1,222,914 BTC

Bustabit

205.35 million

606,083 BTC

BetKing

321.06 million

256,431 BTC

SatoshiDice

456.94 million

134,374 BTC

BetterBets

375.69 million

64,461 BTC

BitDice

32.17 million

168,726 BTC

The current market cap of Ethereum is ~$965 million.
Ethereum was released in mid 2015 and by early 2016 was the 2nd largest
cryptocurrency by market cap. No other cryptocurrency has seen such tremendous
growth in such a short amount of time. [5]

Ethereum is a disruptive technology, that looks to change the way the world does business.
Ether, which is the native token of Ethereum, is reasonably new to the crypto-currency
market, having only launched in July of 2015. The rise of Ether has been gargantuan in a
very short time, with many predicting its market cap to eventually outnumber that of
Bitcoin, at ~$14 billion.
The Ethereum market cap is currently ~$965 million. The Ethereum market cap grew
extremely quickly, in part, due to the programmable ability to run smart-contracts
(auditable code) on the Blockchain. World banks, large accountant firms (including the big
four), business solutions and application developers are looking at how to leverage this
network to reduce the cost-of-business. This is something Bitcoin is unable to offer.
Hardening efforts of the protocol by the core development team in 2016 suggest an
extremely positive and healthy outlook for the Ethereum protocol. The future of the
Ethereum protocol and its underlying Ether token is looking extremely positive.
Taking the staggering growth of the Ethereum market cap (~$965 million) into account as
well as the numbers related to Bitcoin gambling, Etheroll proposes tremendous opportunity
arising for the traditional style of dice game to be ported over to the Ethereum protocol.
Such a platform requires experienced, honest and reliable operators with a proven track
record, an intuitive web-based interface, adjustable odds, zero deposits, zero sign-ups,

Etheroll Whitepaper
immediate payouts and a team committed to further innovation of their game in the fastpaced environment of Ethereum.

Solution
Etheroll is a service which provides a provably-fair and transparent, web-based Ethereum
dice gambling app (decentralized application). Etheroll game code is decentralized and
immutable. Players will be 100% confident Etheroll behaves in a provably-fair manner,
thanks to the nature of the Ethereum protocol.
Our smart-contract layer runs entirely on the Ethereum blockchain, it is auditable,
transparent, verifiable and provably-fair.
Etheroll accepts wagers from players in the form of Ether via its unique web-based
interface. The decentralized and immutable nature of our smart-contract layer, ensures
players will bet in units of Ether with 100% confidence their funds are not being held by a
3rd party subject to the risk of hacks, theft, or misconduct by the Etheroll smart contract.
The decentralized nature of the Ethereum protocol also ensures that our smart-contract is
immutable and always available, with no possibility of downtime via DDOS attacks, hosting
issues, and/or government, or other forms of intended interruption to the service.
Players are assured the Etheroll dice game behaves as it is intended to, thanks to the opensource nature of our smart-contracts, which are verifiable by the public.

Attributes
i.

Provably-fair
The result of our random number is provably-fair thanks to the following formula:
Let r be the random value returned from Random.org via Oraclize.
Let p be the IPFS address of the PageSigner TLSNotary proof content.

The following code is then used to produce a provably-fair random number bounded
between l and u inclusive and guaranteed to be evenly distributed across the range
of values.
finalResult = uint(sha3(r, p)) % 100 + 1;

ii.

Players Set Their Own Odds
Players have the power and choice to set their own odds for each dice roll. This
characteristic allows players to adjust each dice roll to suit their individual risk profile,
in turn, increasing the overall enjoyment and user experience of the Etheroll dice
game. Inspiration for this type of game play is drawn from the SatoshiDice style of
dice gambling. This is the real dice gambling experience on the Ethereum network.

iii.

A Web-based Web3.js Interface

Etheroll Whitepaper
A friendly and intuitive, Web3.js web-based user interface makes it easy for our
users to place bets and interact with the Ethereum blockchain. User-centric design
and development practices ensure Etheroll will be the easiest dice game to interact
with on the Ethereum protocol. Our intuitive user interface is built with the player in
mind and employs a responsive CSS framework for extra flexibility and maximum
usage by a wide variety of web based clients. This is truly dice gambling on the
Ethereum network the way you imagined it.
iv.

Low House Edge
The Etheroll house edge is currently set to be 1%. Our house edge is also adjustable
to suit the market, so it will always remain competitive.
The house edge is calculated and deducted only in the instance of a win. For
example, if a player places a bet size of 1 Ether at 50/50 odds, the player will be
rewarded a total profit of 0.98 Ether. The commission Etheroll receives in the event
of a loss will be calculated accordingly:
(((betSize * (chanceOfLoss/chanceOfWin)) + betSize) * houseEdgeAsPercent)

In our example, a player placing a bet of 1 Ether at 50/50 odds, with 1% house edge,
if Etheroll loses the bet:
(((1* (50/50))+1)*0.01) =

v.

0.02 Ether commission

A Trusted and Experienced Team
Etheroll are early pioneers in the Ethereum dice gambling space and have real-world
experience working on Ethereum since February of 2016. In June of 2016, Etheroll
was in the middle of its original crowdfund (which was among the top 15 most
successful crypto-currency crowdfunds at the time) when the DAO hack took place.
48 hours later, in the interests of our valued token holders, and on our own volition,
we suspended the crowdfund and refunded the ~$50K that we raised in the few days
the crowdfund was open. Whilst we were not susceptible to the same attack vector
that the DAO was, we decided the simplest and absolute safest option was to refund
all Ether and run the crowdfund again at a later date.
Since June 2016 Etheroll has researched, coded, implemented, and coded again,
security oriented programming (SOP) techniques for Solidity and hired independent
3rd party security auditors (Piper Merriam - independent of Consensys) to audit our
Ethereum smart contracts. We are proud to announce that we have recently
received a pass on the security audit of our core game and crowdfund contracts.
Etherolls recent history proves it has the experience, honesty, and technical know-

Etheroll Whitepaper
how to accomplish its goals, as proven by our recent crowdfund success in June of
2016. Etheroll considers the postponed crowdfund in June of 2016 to be a
tremendous success. After successfully refunding 100% of the Ether within 48 hours
of the DAO hack, our valued token holders were pleased with the speed, honesty
and transparency of our actions. Trust is earnt in the cryptocurrency community. We
have earnt that trust from the Ethereum community over the past year. [6]
vi.

In-house Solidity Programmers
All Solidity smart-contract code for Etheroll is written in-house. This means Etheroll
is extremely nimble and will adapt quickly in an ever-changing Ethereum
environment at low cost without the need to set aside a budget or waste precious
time pursuing trusted, experienced and competent programmers. We are open to
innovation and will continue to improve the quality and overall experience of our
dice game. Faster processing times, and an improved RNG are areas of focus moving
forward.

vii.

No deposits, no sign-ups
Traditional online casinos retain player deposits and/or wins until a withdraw
request is made by the player. Usually, withdraw requests take time, sometimes
days, and expose traditional online casino models as a prime target for hackers
and/or malicious employees who may see an opportunity to steal player funds.
Thanks to the nature of the Ethereum blockchain and the design patterns we have
chosen, the Etheroll smart-contract does not require players to sign up for an
account, or deposit Ether to play Etheroll. We only accept Ether from players at the
time that they place their bets. This significantly reduces the risk profile of Etheroll
compared to the traditional online casino model.

viii.

Open source and verifiable
The Etheroll source code is open source and verifiable. Players and DICE token
holders alike are free to verify the game does indeed do what it says. This unique set
of characteristics allows for an environment that keeps Etheroll honest and levels
the playing field in the online gambling space between players and the house.

ix.

Cryptographically Secure
The properties and values of each bet are engraved into the blockchain in a tamperproof manner. This provides irrefutable proof of the history of all bets. At any time,
players will review their bet history with 100% confidence there is no room for
tampering or corruption of betting results by Etheroll. Thanks to the nature of the
Ethereum protocol, all bets submitted to Etheroll are cryptographically secure in
nature when they are transcribed into the blockchain. At any point in time, players

Etheroll Whitepaper
have the ability to review details about any bets.
x.

True Dice Gameplay
Dice gambling is by far the most popular game in of all cryptocurrency gambling. The
ability for players to choose their own odds is integral to dice games and is what
makes the traditional dice game so popular. Our unique web-based UI empowers the
player by allowing them to set their own odds.

xi.

#1 in SEO
Thanks to our expertise in SEO, Etheroll ranks extremely highly in organic Google
search results for the term Ethereum dice, Ethereum gambling, Ethereum
casino. We will continue to see growth in this area.

Our vision
Our future, and data from existing Bitcoin online gambling sites tell an interesting story.
SatoshiDice is an existing Bitcoin game that runs on the Bitcoin blockchain and can be used
as an insight into the potential future market size of gambling on the Ethereum protocol:
Responsible for more than 50% of daily network volume on the Bitcoin blockchain,
SatoshiDice reported first year earnings from wagering at an impressive 33,310
($13,740,000). During the year, players bet a total of 1,787,470 in 2,349,882
individual bets at an average monthly growth rate of 78%. Earnings were calculated
from eight months of data covering May to December, 2012. [7]
Etheroll will play a significant role in the future of the gambling online using Ethereum
thanks to the following characteristics of the platform:
i.
ii.
iii.

iv.
v.
vi.
vii.

Players will choose their own odds.
No deposits, no sign-ups.
Our web interface is easy and intuitive for players to place bets. Designed from the
ground up to appeal to a wide audience used to SatoshiDice style betting, Etheroll
is the first Ethereum dice game to truly offer a similar experience on the Ethereum
protocol.
Early first mover advantage  the network effect.
Low house edge. Our 1% house edge is the lowest on Ethereum.
A nimble in-house development team that is quick to react to development advances
in Ethereum, focus includes advances in RNG and bet processing times.
Honest and experienced team.

Ethereum is the 2nd largest crypto-currency by market cap at ~$965 million. Many believe
the Ethereum market cap will eventually be equal to or higher than that of Bitcoin. We
envision explosive growth in the future of Ether and Ether dice gambling.
The Etheroll smart-contract development phase is 100% complete and scheduled for launch

Etheroll Whitepaper
March of 2017. Our 6-month goal is to gain at least a 60% market share of the current online
gambling marketplace on the Ethereum blockchain and from there world domination.

DICE Token (DICE)
The DICE token is an Ethereum ERC20 standard token with additional custom functionality
for the purposes of being used within the Etheroll ecosystem. The DICE token is minted in a
once-off event during our strictly limited 14-day token creation phase.
Each DICE token grants its owner the following rights and has the following characteristics:
Direct earnings  Proportional to the number of tokens they hold. Token holders as a
collective receive 100% of the Ether generated by the game. Ether is generated by the game
via players losing bets and the built-in 1% house-edge. Tokens holders are exposed to each
bet that is processed on the platform with the advantage of the 1% house-edge always
being in their favour.
Fully transferable p2p  The DICE token will be fully exchangeable p2p and available for
trade on exchanges.
Voting rights  The DICE token enables holders to vote on proposals set-forth by the
Etheroll team. For example, lowering or raising the house edge, or, adding a new game to
the suite.

Conversion Schedule
The DICE Token is strictly limited in supply. Minted only during our token creation phase for
a total of 14 days there is a total of 25,000,000 DICE tokens are on offer. There will never be
another mintage of DICE tokens.
Start Date: The token creation phase begins 10:00 UTC February 13th 2017
Duration: 14 days.
Week 1: 200 DICE (ROL) tokens for 1 ETH ()
Week 2: 100 DICE (ROL) tokens for 1 ETH ()
Total supply: 25,000,000
The crowdfund address: 0x805129C7144688224c122c924E3855D5b4FA01D8
The founding team is pre-allocated 2.5m tokens. Any tokens that remain unsold after the
token creation phase will be destroyed to rule out the possibility of dilution. The number of
tokens remaining after the destruction of unsold tokens is the final mintage. No other
tokens will ever be created.
Use of funds:

Etheroll Whitepaper
i.

ii.

80% of all Ether raised during the crowdfund becomes the house bankroll to pay
winning bets. Token holders as a collective receive 100% of profits the house
bankroll generates.
20% of all Ether raised during the crowdfund period is sent to Etheroll to continue
funding development of the platform.

Security
Our smart-contracts are subject to 3rd party security audits, conducted by Piper Merriam
(independent of Consensys). Each smart contract we deploy to main-net is subject to the
following internal security protocol. Internal live/automated Truffle testing phases, 3rd party
security audit phase. Contracts are deployed from in-house private-chains to Ropsten (testnet) for live testing, only after internal live testing has been satisfied, contracts are then
deployed to main-net.
We will not deploy a smart-contract that has not been signed off by an 3rd party
independent security audit. Signed off 3rd party independent security audits are available for
perusal for the entire suite of our smart-contracts.

Platform Design
UI/UX
Players are able to place bets and change their odds with our dice game directly on our
website using the Mist browser and our intuitive UI.
You will find a video demonstration of our UI/UX at youtube.com/watch?v=8moxZOwd39M.
If you would prefer to experience it in full for yourself, please load etheroll.com using the
Mist browser available here then follow the instructions under our How to Play tab.
Alternatively, you can use the Google Chrome extension Metamask to place bets.

Etheroll Whitepaper

A screenshot of our UI. Note the slider (bottom left) which allows players to adjust their own odds.

Architecture Overview
The structure of the Etheroll application is comprised of 4 smart contracts, each of them
handling a different aspect of the platform. Etheroll employs a modular approach in the
design of its smart-contract architecture, to ensure integrity and safety of the ecosystem.
For example, the Game contract does not have any function during the crowdfunding
period, nor does the Crowdfund contract interact with day-to-day game play.
The following outlines the core functionality for each contract, and its current development
status:
Game contract
Status: Completed
Security audit available: Yes
Responsible only for accepting and processing all bets via the playerRollDice(uint
rollUnder) function. This is the smart-contract that a player interacts with. This contract
manages things like the house-edge, minimum bet, maximum bet, random number
generation, calculation of payouts, calculation of refunds.
Crowdfund contract
Status: Completed
Security audit available: Yes
Responsible only for accepting Ether only during the crowdfunding period. At the end of the
crowdfund period 80% of Ether raised will be moved from this contract to the multi-sig

Etheroll Whitepaper
wallet contract and from there Ether is sent to the Game contract for actual game play. If
the funding goal is not reached, Ether raised is available for withdraw by each token holder
via the safeWithdraw() function.
Token contract
Status: Completed
Security audit available: Yes
Responsible only for distributing tokens during the crowdfunding period and tracking the
token balance of an address, this contract allows for token transfers to take place on
exchanges except during Reward payout periods, which locks the token for security
purposes. The Etheroll Token contract is a standard ERC-20 token with added functionality
for use of the token within the Etheroll ecosystem. The DICE token will not be tradeable
until 13 weeks after the start of the crowdfund campaign.
Rewards contract
Status: Work in progress
Security audit available: TBC
Responsible only for calculating the amount of Ether rewards available for withdraw by each
token holders address. Only token holders have the special rights to interact with the
Rewards contract. Every 12 weeks, profit accumulated from the game is sent to this
contract. This contract enables token holders to withdraw Ether rewards proportional to
their DICE token ownership for 5 days, every 12 weeks. If a token holder does not withdraw
their rewards during the 5-day reward period, their rewards for that phase are forfeit. 100%
of any profit the Game contract generates is distributed to token holders, proportional to
their ownership of DICE tokens.

Timeline
2016: Development of game code & website  complete
November 2016: In-house game testing - ongoing
January 2017: Security audit of game code  complete
December 2016: Development of crowdfund code  complete
January 2017: Announcement & White Paper release - complete
January 2017: Security audit of crowdfund code  complete
January 2017: Crowdfund public awareness  ongoing
February 2017: Crowdfund opens  February 13th 2017
February 2017: Crowdfund closes  February 27th 2017
May 2017: DICE token listed on exchanges
2017: Continued marketing, research & development into new games and/or random
number generation techniques to continue improvement and growth of core offering.

Disclaimer
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE ETHEROLL DICE TOKEN

Etheroll Whitepaper
DICE (ROL) is a cryptographic token used to represent a % ownership in the initial Etheroll
bankroll. Owners of DICE are eligible to receive rewards in the form of Ether based on the
performance of the bankroll. Owners of DICE are exposed to the wins and losses.
DICE is not a crypto currency
At the time of this writing, DICE (i) cannot be exchanged for goods
or services, (ii) has no known uses outside the Etheroll platform, and (iii) cannot currently be
traded on any known exchanges.
DICE is not an investment
There is no guarantee that the DICE you purchase will increase in value and/or provide any
return.
DICE is not evidence of ownership or right to control
Controlling DICE does not grant its controller ownership or equity in the Etheroll platform as
a whole. DICE does not necessarily grant any right to participate in the control, the direction
or decision-making of the Etheroll platform.
Risk of losing access to DICE due to loss of credentials
The purchasers DICE can only be accessed with login credentials selected by the purchaser.
The loss of these credentials will result in the loss of DICE. Best practices dictate that
purchasers safely store credentials in one or more backup locations geographically
separated from the working location.
Risk of losing Ether, due to lucky players
There is a risk that due to the variance in gambling, the house bankroll could be bankrupted
and token holders lose their initial investment.
Risks associated with the Ethereum protocol
DICE and the Etheroll platform are based upon the Ethereum protocol. As such, any
malfunction,
unintended function or unexpected functioning of the Ethereum protocol may cause the
Etheroll
platform or DICE to malfunction or function in an unexpected or unintended manner. Ether,
the
native unit of account of the Ethereum Protocol may itself lose value.
Risk of unfavorable regulatory action in one or more jurisdictions
Blockchain technologies have been the subject of scrutiny by various regulatory bodies
around
the world. The functioning of the Etheroll platform and DICE could be impacted by one or
more
regulatory inquiries or actions, including but not limited to restrictions on the use or
possession

Etheroll Whitepaper
of digital tokens like DICE, which could impede or limit the development of the Etheroll
platform.
Risk of competition
Following the token sale and the development of the initial version of the Etheroll platform,
it is
possible that alternative Ethereum gambling platforms could be established, which utilize
the
same open source code and open source protocol underlying the Etheroll platform. The
Etheroll platform may have to compete with these alternative platforms, which could
potentially negatively impact the performance of the Etheroll platform and DICE.
Risk of insufficient interest in Etheroll or distributed applications
It is possible that the Etheroll platform will not be used by large numbers of individuals, and
that there will be limited public interest in the creation and development of distributed
applications. Such a lack of interest could impact the development of the Etheroll platform
and therefore the potential uses or value of DICE.
Risk that the Etheroll platform, as developed, will not meet the expectations of the token
holder
The Etheroll platform is presently under development and may undergo significant changes
before
its full release. Any expectations regarding the form and functionality of DICE or the Etheroll
platform held by the purchaser may not be met upon release, for any number of reasons
including a change in
the design and implementation plans and execution of the Etheroll platform.
Risk of theft and hacking
Hackers or other groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with the Etheroll
platform or the
availability of DICE in any number of ways, including without limitation denial of service
attacks,
Sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, or consensus-based attacks.
Risk of security weaknesses in the Etheroll platform
The Etheroll platform consists of software that is based on open-source software. There is a
risk that the Etheroll team, or other third parties may intentionally or unintentionally
introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructural elements of the Etheroll
platform, interfering with the use of or causing the loss of DICE and/or ETH.
Risk of weaknesses or exploitable breakthroughs in the field of cryptography
Advances in cryptography, or technical advances such as the development of quantum
computers, could present risks to crypto currencies and the Etheroll platform, which could
result in
the theft or loss of DICE and/or ETH.

Etheroll Whitepaper
Risk of lack of adoption or use of the Etheroll platform
While DICE should not be viewed as an investment, it may return value over time. That
value may
be limited if the Etheroll platform lacks use and adoption. If this becomes the case, there
may be
few or no profits to draw from, or even a loss of your initial investment.
Risk of an unfavorable fluctuation of Ethereum value
The Etheroll team intends to use part of the proceeds of the DICE token sale (20%) to fund
further development of the Etheroll platform. The proceeds of the DICE token sale will be
denominated in Ethereum. If the value of Ethereum fluctuates unfavorably during or after
the token sale, the Etheroll team may not be able to fund development, or may not be able
to develop the platform in the manner that it intended or promised.
Risk of malfunction in the Etheroll platform
It is possible that the Etheroll platform malfunctions in an unfavorable way, including but
not
limited to one that results in the loss of DICE and/or ETH.
Unanticipated risks
Crypto-currency is a relatively new and untested technology. In addition to the risks set
forth here, there are risks that the Etheroll team cannot anticipate. Risks may further
materialize as unanticipated combinations or variations of the risks set forth here.

References
1. Source: [https://blockchain.info/charts/market-cap]
2. Source: [http://lsvp.com/2013/08/23/at-least-half-of-all-bitcoin-transactions-are-for-online3.
4.
5.
6.

7.

gambling/]
Source: [https://thebitcoinstrip.com/stats/2015-01-02-to-2016-12-25]
Source: [https://thebitcoinstrip.com/stats/2015-01-02-to-2016-12-25]
Source: [https://coinmarketcap.com/]
Source:
[https://www.reddit.com/r/etheroll/comments/4ooyod/crowdsale_now_closed_eth_has_been_refu
nded/]
Source: [http://www.forbes.com/sites/jonmatonis/2013/01/22/bitcoin-casinos-release-2012earnings/#8039cf650cb2]

Introduction
Decentralized peer-to-peer technologies
have evolved to replace conventional

White
Paper

services such as filesharing and currency,
with the latest blockchain based virtual
machines able to create feature rich
applications for web services such as
exchanges, blogs, and social networking.
We believe users want to eliminate the
problems associated with centralized
services, and we want to give back the
community to the very people who create
it.

The FaceCoin
Network

Centralized social networks have the
problem of constant privacy violations
and data mining. Most people know the
phrase, "if it's free, then you are the
product being sold". Advertisers spend
billions of dollars annually to collect your
information and usage patterns on social

FaceCoin (FC) - Cryptocurrency for the

networks in order to profit off of you. Big

decentralized social network.

internet companies are also paying huge
amounts of money to learn more about
the activities of users. Most people have
accepted the fact that their browsing
history and web traffic patterns are being
stored in a central server somewhere.

1

How does FaceCoin solve the problems of

enforce the relationship between actors

centralized social networking services?

on the blockchain. And since the
blockchain is immutable the code of the

We are bringing the decentralized web to

smart contract cannot be altered. On a

everyday users without the need of

blockchain, a smart-contract is like any

additional software beyond a web

other actor. It has an address, a balance

browser. However, a small minority of

and can do actions (sending money etc...)

technically savvy users will be able to

but it also has a brain: it can perform

service requests and earn FaceCoin

actions and store information.

microtransactions for the use of their
internet bandwidth and storage. The

What is IPFS?

nodes will have zero knowledge about the
users of the platform, and they will not

IPFS stands for InterPlanetary File

be able to read messages and content.

System, a protocol designed for peer-to-

We will run thousands of nodes at the

peer addressable file systems. This

coins launch to keep transaction costs at

technology enables storage of pictures,

an acceptable level.

text, messages, and other connections
that can be easily accessed through a

Anonymity

smart contract.

Steps will be taken to ensure users are

How will we use these technologies?

anonymous on the FaceCoin network.
The absence of registration with the use

Our engineering team has studied the

of public and private key encryption, and

possibilities of Ethereum to build smart-

strict spam bot prevention ensures a

contracts on the Ethereum blockchain

clutter free environment for users.

that define the relationship between
users of a social network. Further, we

What is a smart-contract?

will use an extended IPFS to store data
without a central data point, and have

A smart-contract is code deployed on the
blockchain. It is used to define and
2

developed a robust message routing

system with minimal data usage

has been made into a streamlined

overhead.

process as an abstraction layer.

Incentive for running a node

In the current implementation, the
responsibility for contract negotiation

Users running the FaceCoin node

and verification is handled by Bridge

software will earn FaceCoin tokens based

while the client is responsible for

on the amount of users and requests they

encryption and file key management. In

service. FaceCoin tokens can be used by

addition, because nodes can be relied on

other users or businesses to create

to have a high uptime, integration is

FaceCoin pages and other apps. We have

possible into unreliable UX applications

many more plans on how the tokens can

making use of a RESTful API.

be used more in the future.
Photon
Who We Are
FaceCoin implements a peer to peer
The team behind FaceCoin is based in

store/subscribe system called Photon. To

the US with over 15 years of experience

operate Photon, FaceCoin extends

developing software solutions for Fortune

Kademlia with several new message

500 companies. We specialize in cloud

types. These help to facilitate the

solutions and server architecture.

propagation of filters, with each node
maintaining information about topics in

Bridge

which it subscribes. Nodes may respond
to requests to update their filter lists and

Bridge provides an object store, whose

push changes to their nearest neighbors

primary function is to expose an API to

in the subscription chain.

application developers. Developers do
not require a knowledge of the network,

Nodes will not relay messages with a hop

auditing, or even cryptocurrencies to use

exceeding the TTL, or a TTL that would

the Bridge API. The developmental use

exceed any of a new message. To prevent
replaying of messages, nodes add their

3

ID when they are forwarded, indicating

systems behind NAT or other network

that they have already seen the message.

devices to participate, FaceCoin

This prevents redundancy in the form of

implements a robust reverse connection

communication overhead.

system. A unique message ordinal allows
a node to determine whether it is

BitSwap

publicly available from other nodes.
Nodes joining the network should

IPFS uses a concept called BitSwap

immediately respond to the request and

ledgers, which are simply a local

based on the response, will either operate

accounting of previous interactions with

successfully or continue the process of

other nodes. As the BitSwap protocol is

finding a tunnel node.

primarily concerned with the distribution
of objects in a Kademlia style DHT,

The providers must create a tunnel for a

BitSwap ledgers count bytes sent and

node if they are capable. The node will

bytes read. Instead of attempting to

open a keepalived connection to the

reach global consensus about the

provider, to ensure a simple and flexible

reputation state of the entire system,

interface to receive updates. Tunnels are

these ledgers only deal with one-to-one

operated over TCP with a simple protocol

relationships, and do not account for

which provides a flexible interface for

latency, throughput, discoverability, or

additional tunneling.

other QoS factors. Almost all of the
behavior of the node is left to the

Identity and Permissions

implementer, with some discussion given
to potential exchange strategies. This

FaceCoin uses public key cryptography to

means that BitSwap ledgers can scale

verify clients and access. Users register

well and are extremely versatile.

public keys with nodes, and API requests
are signed. Buckets can be permissioned

NAT Traversal

individually by registering a set of public
keys as given access. This provides a

Not all devices are publicly available

logical separation between users and

through the network. To enabled

permissions. For instance, the publisher

4

of a file can divide each user into a

sorting algorithm implies O(log n)

separate bucket accessible only by those

lookup.

keypairs.
1. Let g = [log2(B)].
2. Let h be the first g bits of R.
Objects in Encrypted Shards

3. Let i be the first g bits of the shard
hash.

Sharding has a number of advantages to

4. Let n = h + i.

security, privacy, and availability. Files

5. Store the shard in Ln.

should be encrypted client side before
being sharded into smaller encrypted

Mirrored Erasure Coding

pieces. The reference implementation
uses AES256 in cipher feedback mode,

Erasure coding algorithms work by

but other encryption schemes can be

breaking a file into m shards, with k

substituted easily. The content of the

parity shards. Availability makes use of

data is protected from the storage
provider, host node, and unauthorized

the fact that

P =1 m am with at least
0

users. Distributing shards across

m + 1 available nodes. To prevent loss of

multiple nodes reduces the impact of

the file, shard loss tolerance levels can be

retrieval on any given node. In addition,

set by data owners. Because node

parallel transfer can be done by the end

uptimes are known through the

user as a performance enhancement.

bootstrapping process, tolerance levels
can be automatically optimized based on

Routing By Shard Hash

the characteristics of the nodes involved.
This also decreases the on-disk overhead

Shard buckets have a fixed maximum

needed to achieve a given level of

size in bytes, S. This maximum of a K

availability for any given object.

store of S * B bytes collectively form a BTable of up to 4 TiB. Nodes will use their
160 bit Node ID as a reference identifier,
which can be arbitrary. The following
5

Probability Distance

Challenges

As the network grows and additional

Current social networks are confronted

shards are created, it becomes

with many challenges. Primary

progressively more difficult, without

information, composed of private

prior knowledge of the locations of its

messages and direct content lookup, is

shards, to locate a given object. The

ubiquitous and does not pose any

probabilities of locating a targeted object

problem for any network. However, it is

can be calculated from k shards by n

not feasible to digest this primary

random draws in a network containing N

information into secondary information

shards modeled as a geometric

to be shared. There are several

distribution with K = k.

strategies to bring this information

( )

N k
nk
Pr Success(N ,k, n)=
(N )
n

together reliably.
Quality Content

N

k

n

Pr Success(N ,k, n)

100

10

10

5.777e-14

100

10

50

5.934e-04

algorithms gives weight to material that

100

10

90

3.305e-01

is linked from other sources, creating a

100

50

50

9.912e-30

trust score, a persons past reputation is

500

50

200

5.493e-04

a good proxy to determine the quality of

500

50

400

1.961e-22

their future work. However, human

900

10

200

7.361e-06

beings are prone to produce inconsistent

900

10

400

2.457e-07

results, coupled with the difficulty in

900

10

800

2.823e-04

translating to online content.

900

50

200

3.060e-01

900

50

400

1.072e-35

Additionally, the psychological

900

50

800

4.023e-19

In the same way that web search

phenomenon of social popularity and
mind share influencing perceived
branding can manifest itself. Many
social networks have replicated this by
representing cumulative likes or upvotes.

6

Factual Content

or other proof, identities. Requiring a
proof to perform content voting or to

The measure of the reliability of content

assume an identity creates a high cost for

is also affected by social psychology.

malicious actors.

Journalism ordinarily needs to be
sourced from a trusted institution or

Separation of Social Network and

source with a pre-existing level of

Blockchain Layer

reputation. Sources of weak reputation
may receive invalid mind share from

The blockchain layer runs on top of the

cognitive bias. The network effects of

Ethereum protocol, enabling social proof

social sharing can potentiate

to be distributed and created. The social

information.

layer is completely decoupled from this
and is used for content distribution and

Censorship

interaction. This separation is ideal to
allow each layer to implement features

Moderation is often required in any

independently of each other.

environment that many people use to

Additionally, specialized social networks

remove illegal material or to prevent

can be created separate from one

scams, spam, and other unwanted

another, or with exposing only a small

material. However, a decentralized

subset of properties with one another.

system enables unfettered freedom of
expression and universal access.

Architecture

Sybil Attacks

There are a series of functional layers
making up the service.

The power to upvote can be abused by

 Innermost domain layer,

bots, sock puppet accounts, and sybil

applications environment is made

attacks. Quality content is often

up of a domain language with

determined by voting to attain an

underlying libraries, networking

accurate measure. The premise solution

implementations, and function

is representation through proof of work

interfaces.

7

 Second processing layer, objects

determine the geographical distance and

are translated into interfaces with

latency to the node, and to optionally

lower-level semantics.

forward to a different server for optimal

 Peripheral layer, semantical

speed. All of this happens transparently

encodings are exposed to the

and incurs a modest wait comparable to

domain model as services.

TLS negotiation. Nodes will periodically
optimize their connection list for the

FaceCoin Node

highest speed optimization at all times.

There is no cost to run a FaceCoin node
beyond bandwidth and hardware. The

Future Developments

only other requirement is a valid
FaceCoin wallet address on Ethereum

Currently FaceCoin is in private beta,

where earnings can be sent to. Nodes

with many features already working.

will be easy to set up with no technical

There are several ideas that will be

knowledge needed to configure. An easy

implemented in future versions.

installer will allow fast setup on Mac,

Numerous possibilities that have great

Windows, and Linux computers. Setup

potential to become their own popular

of the node software exposes options to

products in their own right are in

schedule bandwidth limits on a time

planning.

basis, as well as memory and cpu limits.
FaceCoin Messenger
FaceCoin DNS
Not only do users of social networking
In order to allow users without the node

desire the ability to create posts and

to access the network, the existing DNS

upload photos, but users want a way to

system is used to forward requests to a

send messages to one another instantly,

series of servers running node using fast

and in a secure manner. We are

fluxing techniques as load balancing.

currently in early stages of developing a

When initially contacting a node, a

messenger that is also usable through

bootstrap process is performed to

standards compliant web browsers. We

8

believe security is the number one

exist on the regular internet as central

priority for the future, and will

websites, we wish to develop a

implement provable end-to-end

marketplace that users of the network

encryption from day one, on top of the

can use in a similar fashion.

already secure network. Only the sender
and receiver will be able to read their
messages, and our testing shows that
this is possible utilizing standard web
browser technologies of today. An
updated messenger is planned
afterwards to allow group conversations
and possibly voice.
FaceCoin Pay
Already there are multitudes of
cryptocurrency options used to pay for
services and as exchange of goods. We
believe implementing a payment method
directly into FaceCoin is a natural step in
the progress towards decentralizing
everything we do online. Methods of
arbitration using multisig and security
implications are being analyzed by the
team for future implementations.
FaceCoin Marketplace
A popular activity inside of social
networks is to buy and sell goods and
services. Much like other services that
9

[1] Joseph Poon and Thaddeus Dryja.
The bitcoin lightning network:

hash coding with allowable errors,

Scalable off-chain instant

(1970).

payments. 2015.
[2] Eli Ben-Sasson, Alessandro
Chiesa, Daniel Genkin, Eran
Tromer, and Madars Virza. Snarks
for c: Verifying program executions
succinctly and in zero knowledge.
In Advances in Cryptology
CRYPTO 2013, pages 90108.
Springer, 2013.
[3] Protocol Labs. Technical Report:
Proof-of-Replication. 2017.
[4] Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin: A
peer-to-peer electronic cash
system, 2008.
[5] V. Buterin et al. A next-generation
smart contract and decentralized
application platform, (2014).
[6] D. DeFigueiredo, E. Barr.
Trustdavis: A non-exploitable
online reputation system, (2005).
[7] G. Hall. Storj core tutorial:
Transferring file shards, (2016).
[8] P. Maymounkov, D. Mazieres.
Kademlia: A peer-to-peer
information system. based on the
xor metric, (2002).

10

[9] B. Bloom. Space/time trade-offs in

Filecoin: A Decentralized Storage Network
Protocol Labs
August 14, 2017
Abstract
The internet is in the middle of a revolution: centralized proprietary services are being replaced with
decentralized open ones; trusted parties replaced with verifiable computation; brittle location addresses
replaced with resilient content addresses; inefficient monolithic services replaced with peer-to-peer algorithmic markets. Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other blockchain networks have proven the utility of decentralized transaction ledgers. These public ledgers process sophisticated smart contract applications and
transact crypto-assets worth tens of billions of dollars. These systems are the first instances of internetwide Open Services, where participants form a decentralized network providing useful services for pay,
with no central management or trusted parties. IPFS has proven the utility of content-addressing by
decentralizing the web itself, serving billions of files used across a global peer-to-peer network. It liberates data from silos, survives network partitions, works offline, routes around censorship, and gives
permanence to digital information.
Filecoin is a decentralized storage network that turns cloud storage into an algorithmic market. The
market runs on a blockchain with a native protocol token (also called Filecoin), which miners earn
by providing storage to clients. Conversely, clients spend Filecoin hiring miners to store or distribute
data. As with Bitcoin, Filecoin miners compete to mine blocks with sizable rewards, but Filecoin mining
power is proportional to active storage, which directly provides a useful service to clients (unlike Bitcoin
mining, whose usefulness is limited to maintaining blockchain consensus). This creates a powerful incentive for miners to amass as much storage as they can, and rent it out to clients. The protocol weaves
these amassed resources into a self-healing storage network that anybody in the world can rely on. The
network achieves robustness by replicating and dispersing content, while automatically detecting and
repairing replica failures. Clients can select replication parameters to protect against different threat
models. The protocols cloud storage network also provides security, as content is encrypted end-to-end
at the client, while storage providers do not have access to decryption keys. Filecoin works as an incentive
layer on top of IPFS [1], which can provide storage infrastructure for any data. It is especially useful
for decentralizing data, building and running distributed applications, and implementing smart contracts.
This work:
(a) Introduces the Filecoin Network, gives an overview of the protocol, and walks through several
components in detail.
(b) Formalizes decentralized storage network (DSN) schemes and their properties, then constructs Filecoin as a DSN.
(c) Introduces a novel class of proof-of-storage schemes called proof-of-replication, which allows proving
that any replica of data is stored in physically independent storage.
(d) Introduces a novel useful-work consensus based on sequential proofs-of-replication and storage as a
measure of power.
(e) Formalizes verifiable markets and constructs two markets, a Storage Market and a Retrieval Market,
which govern how data is written to and read from Filecoin, respectively.
(f) Discusses use cases, connections to other systems, and how to use the protocol.
Note: Filecoin is a work in progress. Active research is under way, and new versions of this paper will
appear at https://filecoin.io. For comments and suggestions, contact us at research@filecoin.io.

1

Contents
1 Introduction
1.1 Elementary Components . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1.2 Protocol Overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1.3 Paper organization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4
4
4
4

2 Definition of a Decentralized Storage Network
2.1 Fault tolerance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.2 Properties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8
8
8

3 Proof-of-Replication and Proof-of-Spacetime
3.1 Motivation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3.2 Proof-of-Replication . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3.3 Proof-of-Spacetime . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3.4 Practical PoRep and PoSt . . . . . . . . . . .
3.5 Usage in Filecoin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

10
10
10
11
11
14

4 Filecoin: a DSN Construction
4.1 Setting . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.2 Data Structures . . . . . . . .
4.3 Protocol . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.4 Guarantees and Requirements

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

16
16
17
17
21

5 Filecoin Storage and Retrieval
5.1 Verifiable Markets . . . . . .
5.2 Storage Market . . . . . . . .
5.3 Retrieval Market . . . . . . .

Markets
24
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

6 Useful Work Consensus
30
6.1 Motivation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
6.2 Filecoin Consensus . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
7 Smart Contracts
33
7.1 Contracts in Filecoin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
7.2 Integration with other systems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
8 Future Work
34
8.1 On-going Work . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
8.2 Open Questions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
8.3 Proofs and Formal Verification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35

2

List of Figures
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13

Sketch of the Filecoin Protocol. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Illustration of the Filecoin Protocol . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Illustration of the underlying mechanism of PoSt.Prove . . . .
Proof-of-Replication and Proof-of-Spacetime protocol sketches
Data Structures in a DSN scheme . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Example execution of the Filecoin DSN . . . . . . . . . . . .
Description of the Put and Get Protocols in the Filecoin DSN
Description of the Manage Protocol in the Filecoin DSN . . .
Generic protocol for Verifiable Markets . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Orders data structures for the Retrieval and Storage Markets
Detailed Storage Market protocol . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Detailed Retrieval Market protocol . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Leader Election in the Expected Consensus protocol . . . . .

3

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

6
7
14
15
17
21
22
23
24
26
28
29
32

1

Introduction

Filecoin is a protocol token whose blockchain runs on a novel proof, called Proof-of-Spacetime, where blocks
are created by miners that are storing data. Filecoin protocol provides a data storage and retrieval service
via a network of independent storage providers that does not rely on a single coordinator, where: (1) clients
pay to store and retrieve data, (2) Storage Miners earn tokens by offering storage (3) Retrieval Miners earn
tokens by serving data.

1.1

Elementary Components

The Filecoin protocol builds upon four novel components.
1. Decentralized Storage Network (DSN): We provide an abstraction for network of independent
storage providers to offer storage and retrieval services (in Section 2). Later, we present the Filecoin
protocol as an incentivized, auditable and verifiable DSN construction (in Section 4).
2. Novel Proofs-of-Storage: We present two novel Proofs-of-Storage (in Section 3): (1) Proof-ofReplication allows storage providers to prove that data has been replicated to its own uniquely dedicated
physical storage. Enforcing unique physical copies enables a verifier to check that a prover is not
deduplicating multiple copies of the data into the same storage space; (2) Proof-of-Spacetime allows
storage providers to prove they have stored some data throughout a specified amount of time.
3. Verifiable Markets: We model storage requests and retrieval requests as orders in two decentralized
verifiable markets operated by the Filecoin network (in Section 5). Verifiable markets ensure that
payments are performed when a service has been correctly provided. We present the Storage Market
and the Retrieval Market where miners and clients can respectively submit storage and retrieval orders.
4. Useful Proof-of-Work : We show how to construct a useful Proof-of-Work based on Proof-ofSpacetime that can be used in consensus protocols. Miners do not need to spend wasteful computation
to mine blocks, but instead must store data in the network.

1.2

Protocol Overview

 The Filecoin protocol is a Decentralized Storage Network construction built on a blockchain and with
a native token. Clients spend tokens for storing and retrieving data and miners earn tokens by storing
and serving data.
 The Filecoin DSN handle storage and retrieval requests respectively via two verifiable markets: the
Storage Market and the Retrieval Market. Clients and miners set the prices for the services requested
and offered and submit their orders to the markets.
 The markets are operated by the Filecoin network which employs Proof-of-Spacetime and Proof-ofReplication to guarantee that miners have correctly stored the data they committed to store.
 Finally, miners can participate in the creations of new blocks for the underlining blockchain. The
influence of a miner over the next block is proportional to the amount of their storage currently in use
in the network.
A sketch of the Filecoin protocol, using nomenclature defined later within the paper, is shown in Figure 1
accompanied with an illustration in Figure 2.

1.3

Paper organization

The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. We present our definition of and requirements for a
theoretical DSNscheme in Section 2. In Section 3 we motivate, define, and present our Proof-of-Replication
and Proof-of-Spacetime protocols, used within Filecoin to cryptographically verify that data is continuously
4

stored in accordance with deals made. Section 4 describes the concrete instantiation of the Filecoin DSN,
describing data structures, protocols, and the interactions between participants. Section 5 defines and describes the concept of Verifiable Markets, as well as their implementations, the Storage Market and Retrieval
Market. Section 6 motivates and describes the use of the Proof-of-Spacetime protocol for demonstrating and
evaluating a miners contribution to the network, which is necessary to extend the blockchain and assign
the block reward. Section 7 provides a brief description of Smart Contracts within the Filecoin We conclude
with a discussion of future work in Section 8.

5

Filecoin Protocol Sketch
Network
at each epoch t in the ledger L:

Storage Mine
at any time:

1. for each new block:
(a) check if the block is in the valid format
(b) check if all transactions are valid
(c) check if all orders are valid
(d) check if all proofs are valid
(e) check if all pledges are valid
(f) discard block, if any of the above fails
2. for each new order O introduced in t
(a) add O to the Storage Markets orderbook.
(b) if O is a bid : lock O.funds
(c) if O is an ask : lock O.space
(d) if O is a deal : run Put.AssignOrders
3. for each O in the Storage Markets orderbook:
(a) check if O has expired (or canceled):
 remove O from the orderbook
 return unspent O.funds
 free O.space from AllocTable
(b) if O is a deal, check if the expected proofs
exist by running Manage.RepairOrders:
 if one missing, penalize the Ms pledge
collateral
 if proofs are missing for more than fault
epochs, cancel order and re-introduce it
to the market
 if the piece cannot be retrieved and reconstructed from the network, cancel order and re-fund the client

1. renew expired pledges via Manage.PledgeSector
2. pledge new storage via Manage.PledgeSector
3. submit a new ask order via Put.AddOrder
at each epoch t:
1. for each Oask in the orderbook:
(a) find matched orders via Put.MatchOrders
(b) start a new deal by contacting the matching
client
2. for each sector pledged:
(a) generate
proof
of
storage
via
Manage.ProveSector
(b) if time to post the proof (every proof
epochs), submit it to the blockchain
on receiving piece p from client C:
1. check if the piece is of the size specified in the
order Obid
2. create Odeal and sign it and send it to C
3. store the piece in a sector
4. if the sector is full, run Manage.SealSector
Retrieval Mine
at any time:
1. gossip ask orders to the network
2. listen to bid orders from the network
on retrieval request from C:

Client
at any time:

1. start payment channel with C
2. split data in multiple parts
3. only send parts if payments are received

1. submit new storage orders via Put.AddOrders
(a) find matching orders via Put.MatchOrders
(b) send file to the matched miner M
2. submit new retrieval orders via Get.AddOrders
(a) find matching orders via Get.MatchOrders
(b) create a payment channel with M
on receiving Odeal from Storage Miners M
1. sign Odeal
2. submit it to the blockchain via Put.AddOrders
on receiving (p i ) from Retrieval Miners M:
1. verify that
2. send a micropayment to M

Figure 1: Sketch of the Filecoin Protocol.

6

Order Matching

Settlement

bid

Storage
Market
(On Chain)

deal
ask
challenge

deal
deal

response

,

payment

Orderbook

Filecoin
Blockchain

Transactions
Allocation
Table

Incremental
micropayments

bid

Retrieval
Market

deal

ask

(Off Chain)

,

deal
Data sent
in parts

Orders gossiped
off-chain

Lock storage

Miner

Client

...

Claim
micropayments

Signed by

Transfer filecoin

Send

Piece of data

Query

Order

Figure 2: Illustration of the Filecoin Protocol, showing an overview of the Client-Miner interactions. The
Storage and Retrieval Markets shown above and below the blockchain, respectively, with time advancing from
the Order Matching phase on the left to the Settlement phase on the right. Note that before micropayments
can be made for retrieval, the client must lock the funds for the microtransaction.

7

2

Definition of a Decentralized Storage Network

We introduce the notion of a Decentralized Storage Network (DSN) scheme. DSNs aggregate storage offered
by multiple independent storage providers and self-coordinate to provide data storage and data retrieval to
clients. Coordination is decentralized and does not require trusted parties: the secure operation of theses
systems is achieved through protocols that coordinate and verify operations carried out by individual parties.
DSNs can employ different strategies for coordination, including Byzantine Agreement, gossip protocols, or
CRDTs, depending on the requirements of the system. Later, in Section 4, we provide a construction for
the Filecoin DSN.
Definition 2.1. A DSN scheme  is a tuple of protocols run by storage providers and clients:
(Put, Get, Manage)
 Put(data)  key: Clients execute the Put protocol to store data under a unique identifier key.
 Get(key)  data: Clients execute the Get protocol to retrieve data that is currently stored using key.
 Manage(): The network of participants coordinates via the Manage protocol to: control the available
storage, audit the service offered by providers and repair possible faults. The Manage protocol is run
by storage providers often in conjunction with clients or a network of auditors1 .
A DSN scheme  must guarantee data integrity and retrievability as well as tolerate management and storage
faults defined in the following sections.

2.1
2.1.1

Fault tolerance
Management faults

We define management faults to be byzantine faults caused by participants in the Manage protocol. A DSN
scheme relies on the fault tolerance of its underlining Manage protocol. Violations on the faults tolerance
assumptions for management faults can compromise liveness and safety of the system.
For example, consider a DSN scheme , where the Manage protocol requires Byzantine Agreement (BA)
to audit storage providers. In such protocol, the network receives proofs of storage from storage providers
and runs BA to agree on the validity of these proofs. If the BA tolerates up to f faults out of n total
nodes, then our DSN can tolerate f < n/2 faulty nodes. On violations of these assumptions, audits can be
compromised.
2.1.2

Storage faults

We define storage faults to be byzantine faults that prevent clients from retrieving the data: i.e. Storage
Miners lose their pieces, Retrieval Miners stop serving pieces. A successful Put execution is (f, m)-tolerant
if it results in its input data being stored in m independent storage providers (out of n total) and it can
tolerate up to f byzantine providers. The parameters f and m depend on protocol implementation; protocol
designers can fix f and m or leave the choice to the user, extending Put(data) into Put(data, f , m). A Get
execution on stored data is successful if there are fewer than f faulty storage providers.
For example, consider a simple scheme, where the Put protocol is designed such that each storage provider
stores all of the data. In this scheme m = n and f = m  1. Is it always f = m  1? No, some schemes can
be designed using erasure coding, where each storage providers store a special portion of the data, such that
x out of m storage providers are required to retrieve the data; in this case f = m  x.

2.2

Properties

We describe the two required properties for a DSN scheme and then present additional properties required
by the Filecoin DSN.
1 In

the case where the Manage protocol relies on a blockchain, we consider the miners as auditors, since they verify and
coordinate storage providers

8

2.2.1

Data Integrity

This property requires that no bounded adversary A can convince clients to accept altered or falsified data
at the end of a Get execution.
Definition 2.2. A DSN scheme  provides data integrity if: for any successful Put execution for some data
d under key k, there is no computationally-bounded adversary A that can convince a client to accept d0 , for
d0 6= d at the end of a Get execution for identifier k.
2.2.2

Retrievability

This property captures the requirement that, given our fault-tolerance assumptions of , if some data has
been successfully stored in  and storage providers continue to follow the protocol, then clients can eventually
retrieve the data.
Definition 2.3. A DSN scheme  provides retrievability if: for any successful Put execution for data under
key, there exists a successful Get execution for key for which a client retrieves data.2 .
2.2.3

Other Properties

DSNs can provide other properties specific to their application. We define three key properties required by
the Filecoin DSN: public verifiability, auditability, and incentive-compatibility.
Definition 2.4. A DSN scheme  is publicly verifiable if: for each successful Put, the network of storage
providers can generate a proof that the data is currently being stored. The Proof-of-Storage must convince
any efficient verifier, which only knows key and does not have access to data.
Definition 2.5. A DSN scheme  is auditable, if it generates a verifiable trace of operation that can be
checked in the future to confirm storage was indeed stored for the right duration of time.
Definition 2.6. A DSN scheme  is incentive-compatible, if: storage providers are rewarded for successfully
offering storage and retrieval service, or penalized for misbehaving, such that the storage providers dominant
strategy is to store data.

2 This

definition does not guarantee every Get to succeed: if every Get eventually returns data, then the scheme is fair.

9

3

Proof-of-Replication and Proof-of-Spacetime

In the Filecoin protocol, storage providers must convince their clients that they stored the data they were
paid to store; in practice, storage providers will generate Proofs-of-Storage (PoS) that the blockchain network
(or the clients themselves) verifies.
In this section we motivate, present and outline implementations for the Proof-of-Replication (PoRep) and
Proof-of-Spacetime (PoSt) schemes used in Filecoin.

3.1

Motivation

Proofs-of-Storage (PoS) schemes such as Provable Data Possession (PDP) [2] and Proof-of-Retrievability
(PoR) [3, 4] schemes allow a user (i.e. the verifier V) who outsources data D to a server (i.e. the prover P) to
repeatedly check if the server is still storing D. The user can verify the integrity of the data outsourced to a
server in a very efficient way, more efficiently than downloading the data. The server generates probabilistic
proofs of possession by sampling a random set of blocks and transmits a small constant amount of data in
a challenge/response protocol with the user.
PDP and PoR schemes only guarantee that a prover had possession of some data at the time of the challenge/response. In Filecoin, we need stronger guarantees to prevent three types of attacks that malicious
miners could exploit to get rewarded for storage they are not providing: Sybil attack, outsourcing attacks,
generation attacks.
 Sybil Attacks: Malicious miners could pretend to store (and get paid for) more copies than the ones
physically stored by creating multiple Sybil identities, but storing the data only once.
 Outsourcing Attacks: Malicious miners could commit to store more data than the amount they can
physically store, relying on quickly fetching data from other storage providers.
 Generation Attacks: Malicious miners could claim to be storing a large amount of data which they
are instead efficiently generating on-demand using a small program. If the program is smaller than
the purportedly stored data, this inflates the malicious miners likelihood of winning a block reward in
Filecoin, which is proportional to the miners storage currently in use.

3.2

Proof-of-Replication

Proof-of-Replication (PoRep) is a novel Proof-of-Storage which allows a server (i.e. the prover P) to convince
a user (i.e. the verifier V) that some data D has been replicated to its own uniquely dedicated physical
storage. Our scheme is an interactive protocol, where the prover P: (a) commits to store n distinct replicas
(physically independent copies) of some data D, and then (b) convinces the verifier V, that P is indeed
storing each of the replicas via a challenge/response protocol. To the best of our knowledge, PoRep improves
on PoR and PDP schemes, preventing Sybil Attacks, Outsourcing Attacks, and Generation Attacks.
Note. For a formal definition, a description of its properties, and an in-depth study of Proof-of-Replication,
we refer the reader to [5].
Definition 3.1. (Proof-of-Replication) A PoRep scheme enables an efficient prover P to convince a verifier
V that P is storing a replica R, a physical independent copy of some data D, unique to P. A PoRep protocol
is characterized by a tuple of polynomial-time algorithms:
(Setup, Prove, Verify)
 PoRep.Setup(1 , D)  R, SP , SV , where SP and SV are scheme-specific setup variables for P and V, 
is a security parameter. PoRep.Setup is used to generate a replica R, and give P and V the necessary
information to run PoRep.Prove and PoRep.Verify. Some schemes may require the prover or interaction
with a third party to compute PoRep.Setup.
10

 PoRep.Prove(SP , R, c)   c , where c is a random challenge issued by a verifier V, and  c is a proof
that a prover has access to R a specific replica of D. PoRep.Prove is run by P to produce a  c for V.
 PoRep.Verify(SV , c,  c )  {0, 1}, which checks whether a proof is correct. PoRep.Verify is run by V and
convinces V whether P has been storing R.

3.3

Proof-of-Spacetime

Proof-of-Storage schemes allow a user to check if a storage provider is storing the outsourced data at the time
of the challenge. How can we use PoS schemes to prove that some data was being stored throughout a period
of time? A natural answer to this question is to require the user to repeatedly (e.g. every minute) send
challenges to the storage provider. However, the communication complexity required in each interaction can
be the bottleneck in systems such as Filecoin, where storage providers are required to submit their proofs to
the blockchain network.
To address this question, we introduce a new proof, Proof-of-Spacetime, where a verifier can check if a prover
is storing her/his outsourced data for a range of time. The intuition is to require the prover to (1) generate
sequential Proofs-of-Storage (in our case Proof-of-Replication), as a way to determine time (2) recursively
compose the executions to generate a short proof.
Definition 3.2. (Proof-of-Spacetime) A PoSt scheme enables an efficient prover P to convince a verifier
V that P is storing some data D for some time t. A PoSt is characterized by a tuple of polynomial-time
algorithms:
(Setup, Prove, Verify)
 PoSt.Setup(1 , D)  SP , SV , where SP and SV are scheme-specific setup variables for P and V,  is a
security parameter. PoSt.Setup is used to give P and V the necessary information to run PoSt.Prove
and PoSt.Verify. Some schemes may require the prover or interaction with a third party to compute
PoSt.Setup.
 PoSt.Prove(SP , D, c, t)   c , where c is a random challenge issued by a verifier V, and  c is a proof
that a prover has access to D for some time t. PoSt.Prove is run by P to produce a  c for V.
 PoSt.Verify(SV , c, t,  c )  {0, 1}, which checks whether a proof is correct. PoSt.Verify is run by V and
convinces V whether P has been storing D for some time t.

3.4

Practical PoRep and PoSt

We are interested in practical PoRep and PoSt constructions that can be deployed in existing systems and do
not rely on trusted parties or hardware. We give a construction for PoRep (see Seal-based Proof-of-Replication
in [5]) that requires a very slow sequential computation Seal to be performed during Setup to generate a
replica. The protocol sketches for PoRep and PoSt are presented in Figure 4 and the underlying mechanism
of the proving step in PoSt is illustrated in Figure 3.
3.4.1

Cryptographic building blocks

Collision-resistant hashing. We use a collision resistant hash function CRH : {0, 1}  {0, 1}O() . We
also use a collision resistant hash function MerkleCRH, which divides a string in multiple parts, construct a
binary tree and recursively apply CRH and outputs the root.
zk-SNARKs. Our practical implementations of PoRep and PoSt rely on zero-knowledge Succinct Noninteractive ARguments of Knowledge (zk-SNARKs) [6, 7, 8]. Because zk-SNARKs are succinct, proofs are
very short and easy to verify. More formally, let L be an NP language and C be a decision circuit for L.
A trusted party conducts a one-time setup phase that results in two public keys: a proving key pk and a
verification key vk. The proving key pk enables any (untrusted) prover to generate a proof  attesting that
11

x  L for an instance x of her choice. The non-interactive proof  is both zero-knowledge and proof-ofknowledge. Anyone can use the verification key vk to verify the proof ; in particular zk-SNARK proofs are
publicly verifiable: anyone can verify , without interacting with the prover that generated . The proof 
has constant size and can be verified in time that is linear in |x|.
A zk-SNARK for circuit satisfiability is a triple of polynomial-time algorithms
(KeyGen, Prove, Verify)
 KeyGen(1 , C)  (pk, vk). On input security parameter  and a circuit C, KeyGen probabilistically
samples pk and vk. Both keys are published as public parameters and can be used to prove/verify
membership in LC .
 Prove(pk, x, w)  . On input pk and input x and witness for the NP-statement w, the prover Prove
outputs a non-interactive proof  for the statement x  LC .
 Verify(vk, x, )  {0, 1}. On input vk, an input x, and a proof , the verifier Verify outputs 1 if
x  LC .
We refer the interested reader to [6, 7, 8] for formal presentation and implementation of zk-SNARK systems.
Generally these systems require the KeyGen operation to be run by a trusted party; novel work on Scalable
Computational Integrity and Privacy (SCIP) systems [9] shows a promising direction to avoid this initial
step, hence the above trust assumption.
3.4.2

Seal operation

The role of the Seal operation is to (1) force replicas to be physically independent copies by requiring provers
to store a pseudo-random permutation of D unique to their public key, such that committing to store n
replicas results in dedicating disk space for n independent replicas (hence n times the storage size of a
replica) and (2) to force the generation of the replica during PoRep.Setup to take substantially longer than
the time expected for responding to a challenge. For a more formal definition of the Seal operation see [5].
The above operation can be realized with SealAES256 , and  such that SealAES256 takes 10-100x longer than
the honest challenge-prove-verify sequence. Note that it is important to choose  such that running SealBC
is distinguishably more expensive than running Prove with random access to R.
3.4.3

Practical PoRep construction

This section describes the construction of the PoRep protocol and includes a simplified protocol sketch in
Figure 4; implementation and optimization details are omitted.
Creating a Replica. The Setup algorithm generates a replica via the Seal operation and a proof that it was
correctly generated. The prover generates the replica and sends the outputs (excluding R) to the verifier.

Setup
  inputs:


  prover key pair (pkP , skP )

  prover SEAL key pkSEAL

  data D

 outputs: replica R, Merkle root rt of R, proof SEAL
Proving Storage. The Prove algorithm generates a proof of storage for the replica. The prover receives a
random challenge, c, from the verifier, which determines a specific leaf R c in the Merkle tree of R with root
rt; the prover generates a proof of knowledge about R c and its Merkle path leading up to rt.

12



Prove
  inputs:


  prover Proof-of-Storage key pkPOS

  replica R

  random challenge c

 outputs: a proof POS
Verifying the Proofs. The Verify algorithm checks the validity of the proofs of storage given the Merkle
root of the replica and the hash of the original data. Proofs are publicly verifiable: nodes in the distributed
system maintaining the ledger and clients interested in particular data can verify these proofs.

Verify
  inputs:


  prover public key, pkP

  verifier SEAL and POS keys vkSEAL , vkPOS

  hash of data D, h

D

  Merkle root of replica R, rt

  random challenge, c

  tuple of proofs, (
SEAL , POS )

 outputs: bit b, equals 1 if proofs are valid
3.4.4

Practical PoSt construction

This section describes the construction of the PoSt protocol and includes a simplified protocol sketch in Figure 4; implementation and optimization details are omitted. The Setup and Verify algorithm are equivalent
to the PoRep construction, hence we describe here only Prove.
Proving space and time. The Prove algorithm generates a Proof-of-Spacetime for the replica. The prover
receives a random challenge from the verifier and generate Proofs-of-Replication in sequence, using the output
of a proof as an input of the other for a specified amount of iterations t (see Figure 3).

Prove
  inputs:


  prover PoSt key pkPOST

  replica R


  random challenge c

  time parameter t

 outputs: a proof POST

13

pkSEAL

Loop counter =

Merkle
Tree

Function

rt

|||||||||||||||

Challenge

Generate new
challenge

0

Parameter

'

n

Data flow
Hash

Generate
proof
POST

at

Output

POST

Repeat t times

Figure 3: Illustration of the underlying mechanism of PoSt.Prove showing the iterative proof to demonstrate
storage over time.

3.5

Usage in Filecoin

The Filecoin protocol employs Proof-of-Spacetime to audit the storage offered by miners. To use PoSt in
Filecoin, we modify our scheme to be non-interactive since there is no designated verifier, and we want any
member of the network to be able to verify. Since our verifier runs in the public-coin model, we can extract
randomness from the blockchain to issue challenges.

14

Filecoin PoRep protocol

Filecoin PoSt protocol

Setup
 inputs:
 prover key pair (pkP , skP )
 prover SEAL key pkSEAL
 data D
 outputs: replica R, Merkle root rt of R, proof
SEAL
1) Compute hD := CRH(D)
2) Compute R := Seal (D, skP )
3) Compute rt := MerkleCRH(R)
4) Set ~x := (pkP , hD , rt)
5) Set w
~ := (skP , D)
6) Compute SEAL := SCIP.Prove(pkSEAL , ~
x,w
~)
7) Output R, rt, SEAL

Setup
 inputs:
 prover key pair (pkP , skP )
 prover POST key pair pkPOST
 some data D
 outputs: replica R, Merkle root rt of R, proof
SEAL
1) Compute R, rt, SEAL := PoRep.Setup(pkP ,
skP , pkSEAL , D)
2) Output R, rt, SEAL
Prove
 inputs:
 prover PoSt key pkPOST
 replica R
 random challenge c
 time parameter t
 outputs: a proof POST
1) Set POST := 
2) Compute rt := MerkleCRH(R)
3) For i = 0...t:
a) Set c0 := CRH(POST ||c||i)
b) Compute POS := PoRep.Prove(pkPOS , R, c0 )
c) Set ~
x := (rt, c, i)
d) Set w
~ := (POS , POST )
e) Compute POST := SCIP.Prove(pkPOST , ~
x,w
~)
4) Output POST

Prove
 inputs:
 prover Proof-of-Storage key pkPOS
 replica R
 random challenge c
 outputs: a proof POS
1) Compute rt := MerkleCRH(R)
2) Compute path := Merkle path from rt to leaf Rc
3) Set ~x := (rt, c)
4) Set w
~ := (path, Rc )
5) Compute POS := SCIP.Prove(pkPOS , ~
x,w
~)
6) Output POS

Verify
 inputs:
 prover public key pkP
 verifier SEAL and POST keys vkSEAL , vkPOST
 hash of some data hD
 Merkle root of some replica rt
 random challenge c
 time parameter t
 tuple of proofs (SEAL , POST )
 outputs: bit b, equals 1 if proofs are valid
1) Set x~1 := (pkP , hD , rt)
2) Compute b1 := SCIP.Verify(vkSEAL , x~1 , SEAL )
3) Set x~2 := (rt, c, t)
4) Compute b2 := SCIP.Verify(vkPOST , x~2 , POST )
5) Output b1  b2

Verify
 inputs:
 prover public key, pkP
 verifier SEAL and POS keys vkSEAL , vkPOS
 hash of data D, hD
 Merkle root of replica R, rt
 random challenge, c
 tuple of proofs, (SEAL , POS )
 outputs: bit b, equals 1 if proofs are valid
1) Set x~1 := (pkP , hD , rt)
2) Compute b1 := SCIP.Verify(vkSEAL , x~1 , SEAL )
3) Set x~2 := (rt, c)
4) Compute b2 := SCIP.Verify(vkPOS , x~2 , POS )
5) Output b1  b2

Figure 4: Proof-of-Replication and Proof-of-Spacetime protocol sketches. Here CRH denotes a collisionresistant hash, ~x is the NP-statement to be proven, and w
~ is the witness.

15

4

Filecoin: a DSN Construction

The Filecoin DSN is a decentralized storage network that is auditable, publicly verifiable and designed on
incentives. Clients pay a network of miners for data storage and retrieval; miners offer disk space and
bandwidth in exchange of payments. Miners receive their payments only if the network can audit that their
service was correctly provided.
In this section, we present the Filecoin DSN construction, based on the DSN definition and Proof-ofSpacetime.

4.1

Setting

4.1.1

Participants

Any user can participate as a Client, a Storage Miner, and/or a Retrieval Miner.
 Clients pay to store data and to retrieve data in the DSN, via Put and Get requests.
 Storage Miners provide data storage to the network. Storage Miners participate in Filecoin by offering
their disk space and serving Put requests. To become Storage Miners, users must pledge their storage
by depositing collateral proportional to it. Storage Miners respond to Put requests by committing to
store the clients data for a specified time. Storage Miners generate Proofs-of-Spacetime and submit
them to the blockchain to prove to the Network that they are storing the data through time. In case
of invalid or missing proofs, Storage Miners are penalized and loose part of their collateral. Storage
Miners are also eligible to mine new blocks, and in doing so they hence receive the mining reward for
creating a block and transaction fees for the transactions included in the block.
 Retrieval Miners provide data retrieval to the Network. Retrieval Miners participate in Filecoin by
serving data that users request via Get. Unlike Storage Miners, they are not required to pledge,
commit to store data, or provide proofs of storage. It is natural for Storage Miners to also participate
as Retrieval Miners. Retrieval Miners can obtain pieces directly from clients, or from the Retrieval
Market.
4.1.2

The Network, N

We personify all the users that run Filecoin full nodes as one single abstract entity: The Network. The
Network acts as an intermediary that runs the Manage protocol; informally, at every new block in the
Filecoin blockchain, full nodes manage the available storage, validate pledges, audit the storage proofs, and
repair possible faults.
4.1.3

The Ledger

Our protocol is applied on top of a ledger-based currency; for generality we refer to this as the Ledger, L. At
any given time t (referred to as epoch), all users have access to Lt , the ledger at epoch t, which is a sequence
of transactions. The ledger is append-only3 . The Filecoin DSN protocol can be implemented on any ledger
that allows for the verification of Filecoins proofs; we show how we can construct a ledger based on useful
work in Section 6.
4.1.4

The Markets

Demand and supply of storage meet at the two Filecoin Markets: Storage Market and Retrieval Market.
The markets are two decentralized exchanges and are explained in detail in Section 5. In brief, clients and
miners set the prices for the services they request or provide by submitting orders to the respective markets.
The exchanges provide a way for clients and miners to see matching offers and initiate deals. By running
the Manage protocol, the Network guarantees that miners are rewarded and clients are charged if the service
requested has been successfully provided.
3t

< t0 implies that Lt is a prefix of L0t

16

4.2

Data Structures

Pieces. A piece is some part of data that a client is storing in the DSN. For example, data can be deliberately divided into many pieces and each piece can be stored by a different set of Storage Miners.
Sectors. A sector is some disk space that a Storage Miner provides to the network. Miners store pieces
from clients in their sectors and earn tokens for their services. In order to store pieces, Storage Miners must
pledge their sectors to the network.
AllocationTable. The AllocTable is a data structure that keeps track of pieces and their assigned sectors.
The AllocTable is updated at every block in the ledger and its Merkle root is stored in the latest block. In
practice, the table is used to keep the state of the DSN, allowing for quick look-ups during proof verification.
For more details, see Figure 5.
Orders. An order is a statement of intent to request or offer a service. Clients submit bid orders to the
markets to request a service (resp. Storage Market for storing data and Retrieval Market for retrieving data)
and Miners submit ask orders to offer a service. The order data structures are shown in Figure 10. The
Market Protocols are detailed in Section 5.
Orderbook. Orderbooks are sets of orders. See the Storage Market orderbook in Section 5.2.2 and Retrieval
Market orderbook in Section 5.3.2 for details.
Pledge. A pledge is a commitment to offer storage (specifically a sector ) to the network. Storage Miners
must submit their pledge to the ledger in order to start accepting orders in the Storage Market. A pledge
consists of the size of the pledged sector and the collateral deposited by the Storage Miner (see Figure 5 for
more details).
Data Structures
Pledge
pledge := hsize, colliMi

Allocation
allocTable: {M1  (allocEntry..allocEntry), M2 ..}

 size, the size of the sector being pledged.
 coll, the collateral specific to this pledge that
Mi deposits.

allocEntry: (sid, orders, last, missing)






Orderbook
OrderBook: (O1 ..On )
 Oi , currently valid deal, ask, bid orders.

sid, sector id
Oi , currently valid deal, ask, bid orders.
orders, set of orders {Odeal ..Odeal }
last, last proof of storage in the ledger L
missing, counter for missing proofs

Figure 5: Data Structures in a DSN scheme

4.3

Protocol

In this Section, we give an overview of the Filecoin DSN by describing the operations performed by the
clients, the Network and the miners. We present the methods of the Get and the Put protocol in Figure 7
and the Manage protocol in Figure 8. An example protocol execution is shown in Figure 6. The overall
Filecoin Protocol is presented in Figure 1.
4.3.1

Client Cycle

We give a brief overview of the client cycle; an in-depth explanation of the following protocols is given in
Section 5.
17

1. Put: Client stores data in Filecoin.
Clients can store their data by paying Storage Miners in Filecoin tokens. The Put protocol is described
in detail in Section 5.2.
A client initiates the Put protocol by submitting a bid order to the Storage Market orderbook (by
submitting their order to the blockchain). When a matching ask order from miners is found, the client
sends the piece to the miner. Both parties sign a deal order and submit it to the Storage Market
orderbook.
Clients should be able to decide the amount of physical replicas of their pieces either by submitting
multiple orders (or specifying a replication factor in the order). Higher redundancy results in a higher
tolerance of storage faults.
2. Get: Client retrieves data from Filecoin.
Clients can retrieve any data stored in the DSN by paying Retrieval Miners in Filecoin tokens. The
Get protocol is described in detail in Section 5.3.
A client initiates the Get protocol by submitting a bid order to the Retrieval Market orderbook (by
gossiping their order to the network). When a matching ask order from miners is found, the client
receives the piece from the miner. When received, both parties sign a deal order and submit it to the
blockchain to confirm that the exchange succeeded.
4.3.2

Mining Cycle (for Storage Miners)

We give an informal overview of the mining cycle.
1. Pledge: Storage Miners pledge to provide storage to the Network.
Storage Miners pledge their storage to the network by depositing collateral via a pledge transaction in
the blockchain, via Manage.PledgeSector. The collateral is deposited for the time intended to provide
the service, and it is returned if the miner generates proofs of storage for the data they commit to
store. If some proofs of storage fail, a proportional amount of collateral is lost.
Once the pledge transaction appears in the blockchain, miners can offer their storage in the Storage
Market: they set their price and add an ask order to the markets orderbook.


Manage.PledgeSector
  inputs:


  current allocation table allocTable

  pledge request pledge
 outputs: allocTable0
2. Receive Orders: Storage Miners get storage requests from the Storage Market.
Once the pledge transaction appears in the blockchain (hence in the AllocTable), miners can offer their
storage in the Storage Market: they set their price and add an ask order to the markets orderbook
via Put.AddOrders.

Put.AddOrders
  inputs: list of orders O1 ..On

 outputs: bit b, equals 1 if successful
Check if their orders are matched with a corresponding bid order from a client, via Put.MatchOrders.


Put.MatchOrders
  inputs:


  the current Storage Market OrderBook

  query order to match Oq
 outputs: matching orders O1 ..On
18

Once orders are matched, clients send their data to the Storage Miners. When receiving the piece,
miners run Put.ReceivePiece. When the data is received, both the miner and the client sign a deal
order and submit it to the blockchain.

Put.ReceivePiece
  inputs:


  signing key for Mj .

  current orderbook OrderBook

  ask order Oask

  bid order Obid

  piece p
 outputs: deal order Odeal signed by Ci and Mj
3. Seal: Storage Miners prepare the pieces for future proofs.
Storage Miners storage is divided in sectors, each sector contains pieces assigned to the miner. The
Network keeps track of each Storage Miners sector via the allocation table. When a Storage Miner
sector is filled, the sector is sealed. Sealing is a slow, sequential operation that transforms the data
in a sector into a replica, a unique physical copy of the data that is associated to the public key of
the Storage Miner. Sealing is a necessary operation during the Proof-of-Replication as described in
Section 3.4.

Manage.SealSector
  inputs:


  miner public/private key pair M

  sector index j

  allocation table allocTable
 outputs: a proof SEAL , a root hash rt
4. Prove: Storage Miners prove they are storing the committed pieces.
When Storage Miners are assigned data, they must repeatedly generate proofs of replication to guarantee they are storing the data (for more details, see Section 3). Proofs are posted on the blockchain
and the Network verifies them.

Manage.ProveSector
  inputs:


  miner public/private key pair M

  sector index j

  challenge c
 outputs: a proof POS
4.3.3

Mining Cycle (for Retrieval Miners)

We give an informal overview of the mining cycle for Retrieval Miners.
1. Receive Orders: Retrieval Miners get data requests from the Retrieval Market.
Retrieval Miners announce their pieces by gossiping their ask orders to the network: they set their
price and add an ask order to the markets orderbook.


Get.AddOrders
  inputs: list of orders O1 ..On
 outputs: none
Then, Retrieval Miners check if their orders are matched with a corresponding bid order from a client.
19



Get.MatchOrders
  inputs:


  the current Retrieval Market OrderBook

  query order to match Oq
 outputs: matching orders O1 ..On
2. Send: Retrieval Miners send pieces to the client.
Once orders are matched, Retrieval Miners send the piece to the client (see Section 5.3 for details).
When the piece is received, both the miner and the client sign a deal order and submit it to the
blockchain.

Put.SendPieces
  inputs:


  an ask order Oask

  a bid order Obid

  a piece p
 outputs: a deal order Odeal signed by Mi
4.3.4

Network Cycle

We give an informal overview of the operations run by the network.
1. Assign: The Network assigns clients pieces to Storage Miners sectors.
Clients initiate the Put protocol by submitting a bid order in the Storage Market4 .
When ask and bid orders match, the involved parties jointly commit to the exchange and submit a
deal order in the market. At this point, the Network assigns the data to the miner and makes a note
of it in the allocation table.

Manage.AssignOrders
  inputs:


1
n
..Odeal
  deal orders Odeal

  allocation table allocTable
 outputs: updated allocation table allocTable0
2. Repair: The Network finds faults and attempt to repair them.
All the storage allocations are public to every participant in the network. At every block, the Network
checks if the required proofs for each assignment are present, checks that they are valid, and acts
accordingly:
 if any proof is missing or invalid, the network penalizes the Storage Miners by taking part of their
collateral,
 if a large amount of proofs are missing or invalid (defined by a system parameter fault ), the
network considers the Storage Miner faulty, settles the order as failed and reintroduces a new
order for the same piece into the the market,
 if every Storage Miner storing this piece is faulty, then the piece is lost and the client gets refunded.
4 Storage

orders are submitted via the blockchain, see Section 5.

20



Manage.RepairOrders
  inputs:


  current time t

  current ledger L

  table of storage allocations allocTable
1
n
, updated allocation table allocTable
 outputs: orders to repair Odeal
..Odeal

Client

Network

AddOrders(..,Obid )

Miner
AddOrders(..,Oask )

SendPieces(..,Obid , p)

ReceivePieces(..,Oask )

AddOrders(Odeal )

AddOrders(..,Odeal )

AddOrder(..,Obid )

AddOrder(..,Oask )

Put

MatchOrders(..)

Get

MatchOrders(..)
ReceivePieces(..,Obid )

SendPieces(..,Oask , p)

AddOrders(..,Odeal )

AddOrders(..,Odeal )

SealSector(..)

Manage

PledgeSector()
AssignOrders(..,Odeal )
ProveSector(..)
RepairOrders(..)

Figure 6: Example execution of the Filecoin DSN, grouped by party and sorted chronologically by row

4.4

Guarantees and Requirements

The following are the intuitions on how the Filecoin DSN achieves integrity, retrievability, public verifiability
and incentive-compatibility.
 Achieving Integrity: Pieces are named after their cryptographic hash. After a Put request, clients only
need to store this hash to retrieve the data via Get and to verify the integrity of the content received.
 Achieving Retrievability: In a Put request, clients specify the replication factor and the type of erasure
coding desired, specifying in this way the storage to be (f, m)-tolerant. The assumption is that given
m Storage Miners storing the data, a maximum of f faults are tolerated. By storing data in more than
one Storage Miner, a client can increase the chances of recovery, in case Storage Miners go offline or
disappear.
 Achieving Public Verifiability and Auditability: Storage Miners are required to submit their proofs of
storage (SEAL , POST ) to the blockchain. Any user in the network can verify the validity of these
proofs, without having access to the outsourced data. Since the proofs are stored on the blockchain,
they are a trace of operation that can be audited at any time.
 Achieving Incentive Compatibility: Informally, miners are rewarded for the storage they are providing.
When miners commit to store some data, then they are required to generate proofs. Miners that skip
proofs are penalized (by losing part of their collateral) and not rewarded for their storage.
 Achieving Confidentiality: Clients that desire for their data to be stored privately, must encrypt their
data before submitting them to the network.

21

Put Protocol

Get Protocol
Market
AddOrders
 inputs: list of orders O1 ..On
 outputs: none
1) Gossip O1 ..On to the network

Market
AddOrders
 inputs: list of orders O1 ..On
 outputs: bit b, equals 1 if successful
1) Set txorder := (O1 , .., On )
2) Submit txorder to L
3) Wait for txorder to be included in L
4) Output 1 on success, 0 otherwise

MatchOrders
 inputs:
 the current Retrieval Market OrderBook
 query order to match Oq
 outputs: matching orders O1 ..On
1) Match each Oi in OrderBook such that:
a) Check Oi .piece is equal to Oq .piece
b) If Oq is an ask order:
i) Check if Oi is bid order
ii) Check Oi .price  Oq .price
c) If Oq is a bid order:
i) Check if Oi is ask order
ii) Check Oi .price  Oq .price
2) Output matched orders O1 ...On

MatchOrders
 inputs:
 the current Storage Market OrderBook
 query order to match Oq
 outputs: matching orders O1 ..On
1) Match each Oi in OrderBook such that:
a) If Oq is an ask order:
i) Check if Oi is bid order
ii) Check Oi .price  Oq .price
iii) Check Oi .size  Oq .space
b) If Oq is a bid order:
i) Check if Oi is ask order
ii) Check Oi .price  Oq .price
iii) Check Oi .space  Oq .size
2) Output matched orders O1 ...On

Exchange
SendPieces
 inputs:
 an ask order Oask
 a bid order Obid
 a piece p
 outputs: a deal order Odeal signed by Ci
1) Create Odeal :
a) Set Odeal .ask := Oask
b) Set Odeal .bid := Odeal
2) Get identity of Ci from Obid signature
3) Setup a micropayment channel with Ci
4) For each block of data pj of p:
a) Set j to be a merkle path from H(p) to pj
b) Send (Odeal ,pj , j ) to Ci
c) Receive h Odeal , j iCi
5) Output Odeal

Exchange
SendPieces
 inputs:
 an ask order Oask
 a bid order Obid
 a piece p
 outputs: a deal order Odeal signed by Mi
1) Get identity of Mi from Oask signature
2) Send (Oask ,Obid ,p) to Mi
3) Receive Odeal signed by Mi
4) Check if Odeal is valid according to Definition 5.2
5) Output Odeal
ReceivePiece
 inputs:
 signing key for Mj .
 current orderbook OrderBook
 ask order Oask
 bid order Obid
 piece p
 outputs: deal order Odeal signed by Ci and Mj
1) Check if Obid is valid:
a) Check if Obid is in OrderBook
b) Check if Obid is not referenced by other active Odeal
c) Check if Obid .size is equal to |p|
d) Check if O is signed by Mi
2) Store p locally
3) Set Odeal := h Oask , Odeal , H(p) iMi
4) Get identity of Cj from Obid
5) Send Odeal to Cj
6) Output Odeal

ReceivePieces
 inputs:
 a clients key Cj
 an ask order Oask
 a bid order Obid
 merkle tree hash of p in the orders hp
 outputs: a piece p
1) Create Odeal :
a) Set Odeal .ask := Oask
b) Set Odeal .bid := Obid
2) Get identity of Mi from Oask signature
3) Set up a micropayment channel with Mi (or re-using
an existing one)
4) When receiving (Odeal , pj , j ) from Mi :
a) Check if Odeal is valid and matches Oask and Obid
b) Check if j is a valid merkle-path with root hash
hp
c) Send h Odeal , j iCi
5) Output p

Figure 7: Description of the Put and Get Protocols in the Filecoin DSN

22

Manage Protocol
Network
AssignOrders
 inputs:
1 ..O n
 deal orders Odeal
deal
 allocation table allocTable
 outputs: updated allocation table allocTable0
1) Copy allocTable in allocTable0
i :
2) For each order Odeal
i
a) Check if Odeal
is valid according to Definition 5.2
i
b) Get Mj from Odeal
signature
i
to allocTable0
c) Add details from Odeal
3) Output allocTable0

Miner
PledgeSector
 inputs:
 current allocation table allocTable
 pledge request pledge
 outputs: allocTable0
1) Copy allocTable to allocTable0
2) Set txpledge := (pledge)
3) Submit txpledge to L
4) Wait for txpledge to be included in L
5) Add new sector of size pledge.size in allocTable0
6) Output allocTable0

RepairOrders
 inputs:
 current time t
 current ledger L
 table of storage allocations allocTable
1 ..O n , updated alloca outputs: orders to repair Odeal
deal
tion table allocTable
1) For each allocEntry in allocTable:
a) If t < allocEntry.last + proof : skip
b) Update allocEntry.last= t
c) Check if  is in Ltproof :t and PoSt.Verify()
d) On success: update allocEntry.missing= 0
e) On failure:
i) update allocEntry.missing++
ii) penalize collateral from Mi s pledge
f) If allocEntry.missing > fault then set all the orders
from the current sector as failed orders
0
1 ..O n
2) Output failed orders Odeal
deal and allocTable .

SealSector
 inputs:
 miner public/private key pair M
 sector index j
 allocation table allocTable
 outputs: a proof SEAL , a root hash rt
1) Find all the pieces p1 ..pn in sector Sj in the allocTable
2) Set D := p1 |p2 |..|pn
3) Compute (R, rt, SEAL ) := PoSt.Setup(M, pkSEAL , D)
4) Output SEAL , rt
ProveSector
 inputs:
 miner public/private key pair M
 sector index j
 challenge c
 outputs: a proof POS
1) Find R for sector j
2) Compute POST := PoSt.Prove(pkPOST , R, c, proof )
3) Output POST

Figure 8: Description of the Manage Protocol in the Filecoin DSN

23

5

Filecoin Storage and Retrieval Markets

Filecoin has two markets: the Storage Market and the Retrieval Market. The two markets have the same
structure but different design. The Storage Market allows Clients to pay Storage Miners to store data. The
Retrieval Market allows Clients to retrieve data by paying Retrieval Miners to deliver the data. In both
cases, clients and miners can set their offer and demand prices or accept current offers. The exchanges are
run by the Network - a personification of the network of full nodes in Filecoin. The network guarantees that
miners are rewarded by the clients when providing the service.

5.1

Verifiable Markets

Exchange Markets are protocols that facilitate exchange of a specific good or service. They do this by enabling buyers and sellers to conduct transactions. For our purposes, we require exchanges to be verifiable:
a decentralized network of participants must be able to verify the exchange between buyers and sellers.
We present the notion of Verifiable Markets, where no single entity governs an exchange, transactions are
transparent, and anybody can participate pseudonymously. Verifiable Market protocols operate the exchange
of goods/services in a decentralized fashion: consistency of the orderbooks, orders settlements and correct
execution of services are independently verified via the participants - miners and full nodes in the case of
Filecoin. We simplify verifiable markets to have the following construction:
Definition 5.1. A verifiable Market is a protocol with two phases: order matching and settlement. Orders
are statements of intent to buy or sell a security, good or service and the orderbook is the list of all the
available orders.
Verifiable Market Protocol
Order matching:
1. Participants add buy orders and sell orders to the orderbook.
2. When two orders match, involved parties jointly create a deal order that commits the two parties to
the exchange, and propagate it to the network by adding it to the orderbook.
Settlement:
3. The network ensures that the transfer of goods or services has been executed correctly, by requiring
sellers to generate cryptographic proofs for their exchange/service.
4. On success, the network processes the payments and clears the orders from the orderbook.

Figure 9: Generic protocol for Verifiable Markets

5.2

Storage Market

The Storage Market is a verifiable market which allows clients (i.e. buyers) to request storage for their data
and Storage Miners (i.e. sellers) to offer their storage.
5.2.1

Requirements

We design the Storage Market protocol accordingly to the following requirements:
 In-chain orderbook: It is important that: (1) Storage Miners orders are public, so that the lowest
price is always known to the network and clients can make informed decision on their orders, (2) client
orders must be always submitted to the orderbook, even when they accept the lowest price, in this way
the market can react to the new offer. Hence, we require orders to be added in clear to the Filecoin
blockchain in order to be added to the orderbook.
24

 Participants committing their resources: We require both parties to commit to their resources
as a way to avoid disservice: to avoid Storage Miners not providing the service and to avoid clients not
having available funds. In order to participate to the Storage Market, Storage Miners must pledge,
depositing a collateral proportional to their amount of storage in DSN (see Section 4.3.3 for more
details). In this way, the Network can penalize Storage Miners that do not provide proofs of storage
for the pieces they committed to store. Similarly, clients must deposit the funds specified in the order,
guaranteeing in this way commitment and availability of funds during settlement.
 Self-organization to handle faults: Orders are only settled if Storage Miners have repeatedly
proved that they have stored the pieces for the duration of the agreed-upon time period. The Network
must be able to verify the existence and the correctness of these proofs and act according to the rules
outlined in the Repair portion of Subsection 4.3.4.
5.2.2

Datastructures

Put Orders. There are three types of orders: bid orders, ask orders and deal orders. Storage Miners create
ask orders to add storage, clients create bid orders to request storage, when both parties agree on a price,
they jointly create a deal order. The data structures of the orders are shown in detail in Figure 10, and the
parameters of the orders are explicitly defined.
Put Orderbook. The Orderbook in the Storage Market is the set of currently valid and open ask, bid and
deal orders. Users can interact with the orderbook via the methods defined in the Put protocol: AddOrders,
MatchOrders as described in Figure 7.
The orderbook is public and every honest user has the same view of the orderbook. At every epoch, new
orders are added to the orderbook if new order transactions (txorder ) appear in new blockchain blocks; orders
are removed if they are cancelled, expired or settled. Orders are added in blockchain blocks, hence in the
orderbook, if they are valid:
Definition 5.2. We define the validity of bid, ask, deal orders:
(Valid bid order): A bid order from client Ci , Obid := hsize, funds[, price, time, coll, coding]iCi is valid if:
 Ci has at least the amount of funds available in their account.
 time is not set in the past
 The order must guarantee at least a minimum amount5 of epochs of storage.
(Valid ask order): An ask order from Storage Miner Mi , Oask := hspace, priceiMi is valid if:
 Mi has pledged to be a miner and the pledge will not expire before time epochs.
 space must be less than Mi s available storage: Mi pledged storage minus the storage committed
in the orderbook (in ask and deal orders).
(Valid deal order): A deal order Odeal := hask, bid, tsiCi ,Mj is valid if
 ask references an order Oask such that: it is in the Storage Market OrderBook, no other deal orders
in the Storage Market OrderBook mention it, it is signed by Ci .
 bid references an order Obid such that: it is in the Storage Market OrderBook, no other deal orders
in the Storage Market OrderBook mention it, it is signed by Mj .
 ts is not set in the future or too far in the past.
Remark. If a malicious client receives a signed deal from a Storage Miner, but never adds it to the orderbook,
then the Storage Miner cannot re-use the storage committed in the deal. The field ts prevents this attack
because, after ts, the order becomes invalid and cannot be submitted in the orderbook.

5 This

will be a parameter of the system.

25

Storage Market Orders

Retrieval Market Orders
bid order
Obid : h piece, price iCi

bid order
Obid := hsize, funds[, price, time, coll, coding]iCi

 piece, the index of the piece requesteda
 price, the price at which Ci is paying for one
retrieval

 size, the size of the piece to be stored
 funds, the total amount that client Ci is depositing
 time, the maximum epoch time for which the file
should be storeda
 price, the spacetime price in Filecoinb
 coll, the collateral specific to this piece that the
miner is required to deposit
 coding, the erasure coding scheme for this piece

ask order
Oask : h piece, price iMi
 piece, the index of the piece requested
 price, the price at which Mj is serving the
piece for

ask order
Oask : h space, price iMi

deal order
Odeal : h ask, order iCi ,Mj

 space, amount of space Storage Miner Mi is providing in the order
 price, the spacetime price in Filecoin

 ask, a cryptographic reference to Oask from
Ci
 order, a cryptographic reference to Oask
from Ci

deal order
Odeal : h ask, bid, ts, hash iCi ,Mj
 ask, a cryptographic reference to Oask from Ci
 order, a cryptographic reference to Obid from Mi
 ts, timestamp epoch in which the order has been
signed by Mi
 hash cryptographic hash of the piece that Mj
will store

a Only

pieces stored in Filecoin can be requested

a If not specified, the piece will be stored until expiration of funds.
b If not specified, when a Storage Miner is faulty, the
network can re-introduce the order at the current best
price.

Figure 10: Orders data structures for the Retrieval and Storage Markets

26

5.2.3

The Storage Market Protocol

In brief, the Storage Market protocol is divided in two phases: order matching and settlement:
 Order Matching: Clients and Storage Miners submit their orders to the orderbook by submitting a
transaction to the blockchain (step 1). When orders are matched, the client sends the piece to the
Storage Miner and both parties sign a deal order and submit it to the orderbook (step 2).
 Settlement: Storage Miners seal their sectors (step 3a), generate proofs of storage for the sector containing the piece and submit them to the blockchain regularly (step 3b); meanwhile, the rest of the
network must verify the proofs generated by the miners and repair possible faults (step 3c).
The Storage Market protocol is explained in detail in Figure 11.

5.3

Retrieval Market

The Retrieval Market allows clients to request retrieval of a specific piece and Retrieval Miners to serve it.
Unlike Storage Miners, Retrieval Miners are not required to store pieces through time or generate proofs of
storage. Any user in the network can become a Retrieval Miner by serving pieces in exchange for Filecoin
tokens. Retrieval Miners can obtain pieces by receiving them directly from clients, by acquiring them from
the Retrieval Market, or by storing them from being a Storage Miner.
5.3.1

Requirements

We design the Retrieval Market protocol accordingly to the following requirements:
 Off-chain orderbook: Clients must be able to find Retrieval Miners that are serving the required
pieces and directly exchange the pieces, after settling on the pricing. This means that the orderbook
cannot be run via the blockchain - since this would be the bottleneck for fast retrieval requests - instead
participant will have only partial view of the OrderBook. Hence, we require both parties to gossip their
orders.
 Retrieval without trusted parties: The impossibility results on fair exchange [10] remind us that
it is impossible for two parties to perform an exchange without trusted parties. In the Storage Market,
the blockchain network acts as a (decentralized) trusted party that verifies the storage provided by
the Storage Miners. In the Retrieval Market, Retrieval Miners and clients exchange data without the
network witnessing the exchange of file. We go around this result by requiring the Retrieval Miner to
split their data in multiple parts and for each part sent to the client, they receive a payment. In this
way, if the client stops paying, or the miner stops sending data, either party can halt the exchange.
Note that for this to work, we must assume that there is always one honest Retrieval Miner.
 Payments channels: Clients are interested in retrieving the pieces as soon as they submit their
payments, Retrieval Miners are interested in only serving the pieces if they are sure of receiving a
payment. Validating payments via a public ledger can be the bottleneck of a retrieval request, hence
we must rely on efficient off-chain payments. The Filecoin blockchain must support payment channels
which enable rapid, optimistic transactions and use the blockchain only in case of disputes. In this way,
Retrieval Miners and Clients can quickly send the small payments required by our protocol. Future
work includes the creation of a network of payment channels as previously seen in [11, 12].
5.3.2

Data Structures

Get Orders. There are three types of orders in the Retrieval Market: clients create bid orders Obid , Retrieval
Miners create ask orders Oask , and deal orders Odeal , are created jointly when a Storage Miner and a client
agree on a deal. The datastructures of the orders is shown in detail on Figure 10.
Get Orderbook. The Orderbook in the Retrieval Market is the set of valid and open ask, bid and deal
orders. Unlike the Storage Market, every user has a different view of the orderbook, since the orders are
gossiped in the network and each miner and client only keep track of the orders they are interested in.
27

Storage Market Protocol
Order Matching
1. Storage Miner Mi and Client Ci add orders to the OrderBook:
(a) Mi creates Oask 1 , Oask 2 , .. and Cj creates Obid 1 , Obid 2 , ...
(b) Orders are submitted to the blockchain via Put.addOrders(O 1 , O 2 , ..)
(c) On success, the orders are added to the OrderBook, the funds from Cj are deposited and
the space from Mi is reserved.
2. When orders match, involved parties jointly create Odeal and add it to the OrderBook:
(a) Mi and Cj independently query the OrderBook via Put.matchOrders(O).
(b) If Mi and Cj have matching orders :
 Cj sends the piece p to Mi via Put.SendPieces(Obid , Oask , p)
 Mi receives the piece p from Cj via Put.ReceivePieces(Obid , Oask , p).
 Mi signs Odeal and sends it to Cj
(c) Cj signs Odeal and adds it to the OrderBook via Put.addOrders(Odeal )
Settlement
3. The Network checks if the Storage Miners are correctly storing the pieces:
(a) When a Storage Miner fills a sector, they seal it (they create a unique replica) via
Manage.SealSector and submit the proof SEAL and rt to the blockchain.
(b) Storage Miners generate new proofs at every epoch and add them to the Filecoin
blockchain every proof epochs via Manage.ProveSectors.
(c) The Network runs Manage.RepairOrders at every epoch. If proofs are missing or invalid,
the network tries to repair in the following ways:
 if any proofs are missing or invalid, it penalizes the Storage Miners by taking part
of their collateral,
 if a large amount of proofs are missing or invalid for more than fault epochs, it
considers the Storage Miner faulty, settles the order as failed and reintroduces a new
order for the same piece into the the market,
 if every Storage Miner storing this piece is faulty, then the piece is lost and the client
gets refunded.
4. When the time of the order is expired or funds run out, if the service was correctly provided,
the Network processes the payments, and removes the orders.
Figure 11: Detailed Storage Market protocol

28

5.3.3

The Retrieval Market Protocol

In brief, the Retrieval Market protocol is divided in two phases: order matching and settlement:
 Order Matching: Clients and Retrieval Miners submit their orders to the orderbook by gossiping their
orders (step 1). When orders are matched, the client and the Retrieval Miners establish a micropayment
channel (step 2).
 Settlement: Retrieval Miners send a small parts of the piece to the client and for each piece the client
sends to the miner a signed receipt (step 3). The Retrieval Miner presents the delivery receipts to the
blockchain to get their rewards (step 4).
The protocol is explained in details in Figure 12.
Retrieval Market Protocol
Order Matching:
1. Retrieval Miners and Clients add orders to the Get.OrderBook:
(a) Retrieval Miners Mi creates ask orders (Oask 1 , Oask 2 , ..) and Client Cj creates bid orders
(Obid 1 , Obid 2 , ..).
(b) Both Mi and Cj gossip their orders in the Filecoin network via Get.addOrders
(c) Since there is no commonly shared orderbook, when users receive orders, they add them
to their own orderbooks view. Differently from the Storage Market, these orders are not
binding and no resource is committed (e.g. clients dont do any deposit).
2. When orders match, involved parties jointly create Odeal and add it to the Get.OrderBook:
(a) Retrieval Miner Mi and Client Cj independently run Get.matchOrders that queries their
own current Get.OrderBook view.
(b) Both Mi and Cj sign Odeal and add it to their Get.OrderBook via Get.addOrders (as
described before)
(c) Ci and Mj setup a micropayment channel for Odeal
Settlement:
3. Both parties check whether the piece has been delivered:
(a) Mi sends the piece p in parts via Get.SendPieces
(b) Cj receives the p in parts and for each part, Cj acknowledges delivery by sending a
micropayment via Get.ReceivePiece
4. When the p has been received by Cj , Mj can present the micropayments to the network and
retrieve the payment, both parties remove their orders from the orderbooks.
Figure 12: Detailed Retrieval Market protocol

29

6

Useful Work Consensus

The Filecoin DSN protocol can be implemented on top of any consensus protocol that allows for verification
of the Filecoins proofs. In this section, we present how we can bootstrap a consensus protocol based on
useful work. Instead of wasteful Proof-of-Work computation, the work Filecoin miners do generating Proofof-Spacetime is what allows them to participate in the consensus.
Useful Work. We consider the work done by the miners in a consensus protocol to be useful, if the outcome
of the computation is valuable to the network, beyond securing the blockchain.

6.1

Motivation

While securing the blockchain is of fundamental importance, Proof-of-Work schemes often require solving
puzzles whose solutions are not reusable or require a substantial amount wasteful computation to find.
 Non-reusable Work: Most permissionless blockchains require miners to solve a hard computational
puzzle, such as inverting a hash function. Often the solutions to these puzzles are useless and do not
have any inherent value beyond securing the network. Can we re-purpose this work for something
useful?
Attempts to re-use work: There have been several attempts to re-use mining power for useful computation. Some efforts require miners to perform a special computation alongside the standard Proofof-Work. Other efforts replace Proof-of-Work with useful problems that are still hard to solve. For
example, Primecoin re-uses miners computational power to find new prime numbers, Ethereum requires miners to execute small programs alongside with Proof-of-Work, and Permacoin offers archival
services by requiring miners to invert a hash function while proving that some data is being archived.
Although most of these attempts do perform useful work, the amount of wasteful work is still a prevalent factor in these computations.
 Wasteful Work: Solving hard puzzles can be really expensive in terms of cost of machinery and
energy consumed, especially if these puzzles solely rely on computational power. When the mining
algorithm is embarrassingly parallel, then the prevalent factor to solve the puzzle is computational
power. Can we reduce the amount of wasteful work?
Attempts to reduce waste: Ideally, the majority of a networks resources should be spent on useful work.
Some efforts require miners to use more energy-efficient solutions. For example, Spacemint requires
miners to dedicate disk space rather than computation; while more energy efficient, theses disks are
still wasted, since they are filled with random data. Other efforts replace hard to solve puzzles with
a traditional byzantine agreement based on Proof-of-Stake, where stakeholders vote on the next block
proportional to their share of currency in the system.
We set out to design a consensus protocol with a useful work based on storing users data.

6.2

Filecoin Consensus

We propose a useful work consensus protocol, where the probability that the network elects a miner to create
a new block (we refer to this as the voting power of the miner) is proportional to their storage currently in
use in relation to the rest of the network. We design the Filecoin protocol such that miners would rather
invest in storage than in computing power to parallelize the mining computation. Miners offer storage and
re-use the computation for proof that data is being stored to participate in the consensus.
6.2.1

Modeling Mining Power

Power Fault Tolerance. In our technical report [13], we present Power Fault Tolerance, an abstraction
that re-frames byzantine faults in terms of participants influence over the outcome of the protocol. Every
participant controls some power of which n is the total power in the network, and f is the fraction of power
30

controlled by faulty or adversarial participants.
Power in Filecoin. In Filecoin, the power pti of miner Mi at time t is the sum of the Mi s storage assignments. The influence Iit of Mi is the fraction of Mi s power over the total power in the network.
In Filecoin, power has the following properties:
 Public: The total amount of storage currently in use in the network is public. By reading the blockchain,
anyone can calculate the storage assignments of each miner - hence anyone can calculate the power of
each miner and the total amount of power at any point in time.
 Publicly Verifiable: For each storage assignment, miners are required to generate Proofs-of-Spacetime,
proving that the service is being provided. By reading the blockchain, anyone can verify if the power
claimed by a miner is correct.
 Variable: At any point in time, miners can add new storage in the network by pledging with a new
sector and filling the sector. In this way, miners can change their amount of power they have through
time.
6.2.2

Accounting for Power with Proof-of-Spacetime

Every proof blocks6 , miners are required to submit Proofs-of-Spacetime to the network, which are only
successfully added to the blockchain if the majority of power in the network considers them valid. At every
block, every full node updates the AllocTable, adding new storage assignments, removing expiring ones and
marking missing proofs.
The power of a miner Mi can be calculated and verified by summing the entries in the AllocTable, which
can be done in two ways:
 Full Node Verification: If a node has the full blockchain log, run the NetworkProtocol from the
genesis block to the current block and read the AllocTable for miner Mi . This process verifies every
Proof-of-Spacetime for the storage currently assigned to Mi .
 Simple Storage Verification: Assume a light client has access to a trusted source that broadcasts
the latest block. A light client can request from nodes in the network: (1) the current AllocTable entry
for miner Mi , (2) a Merkle path that proves that the entry was included in the state tree of the last
block, (3) the headers from the genesis block until the current block. In this way, the light client can
delegate the verification of the Proof-of-Spacetime to the network.
The security of the power calculation comes from the security of Proof-of-Spacetime. In this setting, PoSt
guarantees that the miner cannot lie about the amount of assigned storage they have. Indeed, they cannot
claim to store more than the data they are storing, since this would require spending time fetching and
running the slow PoSt.Setup, and they cannot generates proofs faster by parallelizing the computation, since
PoSt.Prove is a sequential computation.
6.2.3

Using Power to Achieve Consensus

We foresee multiple strategies for implementing the Filecoin consensus by extending existing (and future)
Proof-of-Stake consensus protocols, where stake is replaced with assigned storage. While we foresee improvements in Proof-of-Stake protocols, we propose a construction based on our previous work called Expected
Consensus [14]. Our strategy is to elect at every round one (or more) miners, such that the probability of
winning an election is proportional to each miners assigned storage.
Expected Consensus. The basic intuition of Expected Consensus EC is to deterministically, unpredictably,
and secretly elect a small set of leaders at each epoch. On expectation, the number of elected leaders per
6

proof

is a system parameter.

31

epoch is 1, but some epochs may have zero or many leaders. Leaders extend the chain by creating a block and
propagating it to the network. At each epoch, the chain is extended with one or multiple blocks. In case of a
leaderless epoch, an empty block is added to the chain. Although the blocks in chain can be linearly ordered,
its data structure is a direct acyclic graph. EC is a probabilistic consensus, where each epoch introduces
more certainty over previous blocks, eventually reaching enough certainty that the likelihood of a different
history is sufficiently small. A block is committed if the majority of the participants add their weight on the
chain where the block belongs to, by extending the chain or by signing blocks.
Electing Miners. At every epoch, each miner checks if they are elected leader, this is done similarly to
previous protocols: CoA [15], Snow White [16], and Algorand [17].
Definition 6.1. (EC Election in Filecoin) A miner Mi is a leader at time t if the following condition is met:
H



 
t||rand(t) Mi /2L 

pti
j ptj

Where rand(t) is a public randomness available that can be extracted from the blockchain at epoch t, pti
is the power of Mi . Consider the size of H(m) to be L for any m, H to be a secure cryptographic hash
function and hmiMi to be a message m signed by Mi , such that:



hmiMi := (m), SIGMi H(m)
In Figure 13, we describe the protocol between a miner (ProveElect) and a network node (VerifyElect).
This election scheme provides three properties: fairness, secrecy and public verifiability.
 Fairness: each participant has only one trial for each election, since signatures are deterministic and t
and rand(t) are fixed. Assuming H is a secure cryptographic hash function, then H(ht||rand(t)iMi )/2L
must be a real number uniformly chosen from (0, 1). Hence, the probability for the equation to be
true must be pti /j ptj , which is equal to the miners portion of power within the network. Because this
probability is linear in power, this likelihood is preserved under splitting or pooling power. Note that
the random value rand(t) is not known before time t.
 Secret: an efficient adversary that does not own the secret key Mi can compute the signature with
negligible probability, given the assumptions of digital signatures.
 Public Verifiability: an elected leader i  Lt can convince a efficient verifier by showing t, rand(t),
H(ht||rand(t)ii )/2L ; given the previous point, no efficient adversary can generate a proof without
having a winning secret key.
EC Election
Storage Miner at epoch t

Network node on receiving a block at epoch t

ProveElect(r, t, Mi )  {, it }
1. Compute H(ht||rii )/2L 

VerifyElect(ti , t, Mi )  {|>}
pti
j ptj

1. Check if it is a valid signature from user Mi on
t and r
2. Check if pti is the power from Mi at time t

 on success, output it = ht, rii
 otherwise output 

3. Test if Mi is elected leader H(it )/2L <
 on success, output >
 otherwise output 

Figure 13: Leader Election in the Expected Consensus protocol
32

pti
j ptj

7

Smart Contracts

Filecoin provides two basic primitives to the end users: Get and Put. These primitives allow clients to store
data and retrieve data from the markets at their preferred price. While the primitives cover the default use
cases for Filecoin, we enable for more complex operations to be designed on top of Get and Put by supporting a deployment of smart contracts. Users can program new fine-grained storage/retrieval requests that
we classify as File Contracts as well as generic Smart Contracts. We integrate a Contracts system (based
on [18]) and a Bridge system to bring Filecoin storage in other blockchain, and viceversa, to bring other
blockchains functionalities in Filecoin.
We expect a plethora of smart contracts to exist in the Filecoin ecosystem and we look forward to a community
of smart-contract developers.

7.1

Contracts in Filecoin

Smart Contracts enable users of Filecoin to write stateful programs that can spend tokens, request storage/retrieval of data in the markets and validate storage proofs. Users can interact with the smart contracts
by sending transactions to the ledger that trigger function calls in the contract. We extend the Smart Contract system to support Filecoin specific operations (e.g. market operations, proof verification).
Filecoin supports contracts specific to data storage, as well as more generic smart contracts:
 File Contracts: We allow users to program the conditions for which they are offering or providing
storage services. There are several examples worth mentioning: (1) contracting miners: clients can
specify in advance the miners offering the service without participating in the market, (2) payment
strategies: clients can design different reward strategies for the miners, for example a contract can pay
the miner incresignly higher through time, another contract can set the price of storage informed by
a trusted oracle, (3) ticketing services: a contract could allow a miner to deposit tokens and to pay
for storage/retrieval on behalf of their users, (4) more complex operations: clients can create contracts
that allow for data update.
 Smart Contracts: Users can associate programs to their transactions like in other systems (as in
Ethereum [18]) which do not directly depend on the use of storage. We foresee applications such as:
decentralized naming systems, asset tracking and crowdsale platforms.

7.2

Integration with other systems

Bridges are tools that aim at connecting different blockchains; while still work in progress, we plan to support
cross chain interaction in order to bring the Filecoin storage in other blockchain-based platforms as well as
bringing functionalities from other platforms into Filecoin.
 Filecoin in other platforms: Other blockchain systems such as Bitcoin [19], Zcash [20] and in
particular Ethereum [18] and Tezos, allow developers to write smart contracts; however, these platforms
provide very little storage capability and at a very high cost. We plan to provide a bridge to bring
storage and retrieval support to these platforms. We note that IPFS is already in use by several
smart contracts (and protocol tokens) as a way to reference and distribute content. Adding support
to Filecoin would allow these systems to guarantee storage of IPFS content in exchange of Filecoin
tokens.
 Other platforms in Filecoin: We plan to provide bridges to connect other blockchain services with
Filecoin. For example, integration with Zcash would allow support for sending requests for storing
data in privacy.

33

8

Future Work

This work presents a clear and cohesive path toward the construction of the Filecoin network; however, we
also consider this work to be a starting point for future research on decentralized storage systems. In this
section we identify and populate three categories of future work. This includes work that has been completed
and merely awaits description and publication, open questions for improving the current protocols, and
formalization of the protocol.

8.1

On-going Work

The following topics represent ongoing work.
 A specification of the Filecoin state tree in every block.
 Detailed performance estimates and benchmarks for Filecoin and its components.
 A full implementable Filecoin protocol specification.
 A sponsored-retrieval ticketing model where any client C1 can sponsor the download of another client
C2 by issuing per-piece bearer-spendable tokens.
 A Hierarchical Consensus protocol where Filecoin subnets can partition and continue processing transactions during temporary or permanent partitions.
 Incremental blockchain snapshotting using SNARK/STARK
 Filecoin-in-Ethereum interface contracts and protocols.
 Blockchain archives and inter-blockchain stamping with Braid.
 Only post Proofs-of-Spacetime on the blockchain for conflict resolution.
 Formally prove the realizations of the Filecoin DSN and the novel Proofs-of-Storage.

8.2

Open Questions

There are a number of open questions whose answers have the potential to substantially improve the network
as a whole, despite the fact that none of them have to be solved before launch.
 A better primitive for the Proof-of-Replication Seal function, which ideally is O(n) on decode (not
O(nm)) and publicly-verifiable without requiring SNARK/STARK.
 A better primitive for the Proof-of-Replication Prove function, which is publicly-verifiable and transparent without SNARK/STARK.
 A transparent, publicly-verifiable Proof-of-Retrievability or other Proof-of-Storage.
 New strategies for retrieval in the Retrieval Market (e.g. based on probabilistic payments, zero knowledge contingent payments)
 A better secret leader election for the Expected Consensus, which gives exactly one elected leader per
epoch.
 A better trusted setup scheme for SNARKs that allows incremental expansion of public parameters
(schemes where a sequence of MPCs can be run, where each additional MPC strictly lowers probability
of faults and where the output of each MPC is usable for a system).

34

8.3

Proofs and Formal Verification

Because of the clear value of proofs and formal verification, we plan to prove many properties of the Filecoin
network and develop formally verified protocol specifications in the coming months and years. A few proofs
are in progress and more in mind. But it will be hard, long-term work to prove many properties of Filecoin
(such as scaling, offline).
 Proofs of correctness for Expected Consensus and variants.
 Proof of correctness for Power Fault Tolerance asynchronous 1/2 impossibility result side-step.
 Formulate the Filecoin DSN in the universal composability framework, describing Get, Put and Manage
as ideal functionalities and prove our realizations.
 Formal model and proofs for automatic self-healing guarantees.
 Formally verify protocol descriptions (e.g. TLA+ or Verdi).
 Formally verify implementations (e.g. Verdi).
 Game theoretical analysis of Filecoins incentives.

Acknowledgements
This work is the cumulative effort of multiple individuals within the Protocol Labs team, and would not
have been possible without the help, comments, and review of the collaborators and advisors of Protocol
Labs. Juan Benet wrote the original Filecoin whitepaper in 2014, laying the groundwork for this work. He
and Nicola Greco developed the new protocol and wrote this whitepaper in collaboration with the rest of the
team, who provided useful contributions, comments, review and conversations. In particular David davidad Dalrymple suggested the orderbook paradigm and other ideas, Matt Zumwalt improved the structure
of the paper, Evan Miyazono created the illustrations and finalized the paper, Jeromy Johnson provided
insights while designing the protocol, and Steven Allen contributed insightful questions and clarifications.
We also thank all of our collaborators and advisor for useful conversations; in particular Andrew Miller and
Eli Ben-Sasson.
Previous version: QmZ5fLHwK9d55iyxpke6DJTWxsNR3PHgi6F43jSUgEKx31

35

References
[1] Juan Benet. IPFS - Content Addressed, Versioned, P2P File System. 2014.
[2] Giuseppe Ateniese, Randal Burns, Reza Curtmola, Joseph Herring, Lea Kissner, Zachary Peterson, and
Dawn Song. Provable data possession at untrusted stores. In Proceedings of the 14th ACM conference
on Computer and communications security, pages 598609. Acm, 2007.
[3] Ari Juels and Burton S Kaliski Jr. Pors: Proofs of retrievability for large files. In Proceedings of the
14th ACM conference on Computer and communications security, pages 584597. Acm, 2007.
[4] Hovav Shacham and Brent Waters. Compact proofs of retrievability. In International Conference on
the Theory and Application of Cryptology and Information Security, pages 90107. Springer, 2008.
[5] Protocol Labs. Technical Report: Proof-of-Replication. 2017.
[6] Rosario Gennaro, Craig Gentry, Bryan Parno, and Mariana Raykova. Quadratic span programs and
succinct nizks without pcps. In Annual International Conference on the Theory and Applications of
Cryptographic Techniques, pages 626645. Springer, 2013.
[7] Nir Bitansky, Alessandro Chiesa, and Yuval Ishai. Succinct non-interactive arguments via linear interactive proofs. Springer, 2013.
[8] Eli Ben-Sasson, Alessandro Chiesa, Daniel Genkin, Eran Tromer, and Madars Virza. Snarks for c:
Verifying program executions succinctly and in zero knowledge. In Advances in CryptologyCRYPTO
2013, pages 90108. Springer, 2013.
[9] Eli Ben-Sasson, Iddo Bentov, Alessandro Chiesa, Ariel Gabizon, Daniel Genkin, Matan Hamilis,
Evgenya Pergament, Michael Riabzev, Mark Silberstein, Eran Tromer, et al. Computational integrity
with a public random string from quasi-linear pcps. In Annual International Conference on the Theory
and Applications of Cryptographic Techniques, pages 551579. Springer, 2017.
[10] Henning Pagnia and Felix C Gartner. On the impossibility of fair exchange without a trusted third party.
Technical report, Technical Report TUD-BS-1999-02, Darmstadt University of Technology, Department
of Computer Science, Darmstadt, Germany, 1999.
[11] Joseph Poon and Thaddeus Dryja. The bitcoin lightning network: Scalable off-chain instant payments.
2015.
[12] Andrew Miller, Iddo Bentov, Ranjit Kumaresan, and Patrick McCorry. Sprites: Payment channels that
go faster than lightning. arXiv preprint arXiv:1702.05812, 2017.
[13] Protocol Labs. Technical Report: Power Fault Tolerance. 2017.
[14] Protocol Labs. Technical Report: Expected Consensus. 2017.
[15] Iddo Bentov, Charles Lee, Alex Mizrahi, and Meni Rosenfeld. Proof of activity: Extending bitcoins
proof of work via proof of stake [extended abstract] y. ACM SIGMETRICS Performance Evaluation
Review, 42(3):3437, 2014.
[16] Iddo Bentov, Rafael Pass, and Elaine Shi. Snow white: Provably secure proofs of stake. 2016.
[17] Silvio Micali. Algorand: The efficient and democratic ledger. arXiv preprint arXiv:1607.01341, 2016.
[18] Vitalik Buterin. Ethereum <https://ethereum.org/>, April 2014. URL https://ethereum.org/.
[19] Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system, 2008.
[20] Eli Ben Sasson, Alessandro Chiesa, Christina Garman, Matthew Green, Ian Miers, Eran Tromer, and
Madars Virza. Zerocash: Decentralized anonymous payments from bitcoin. In Security and Privacy
(SP), 2014 IEEE Symposium on, pages 459474. IEEE, 2014.
36

Fujinto Whitepaper

http://fujinto.io

TALBE OF CONTENTS
1. Introdution...3
1.1.

Tourism.3

1.2.

Problem.4

1.3.

Solution.5

2. Vision.....6
3. FUJINTO.......7
3.1.

FUJINTO Acounts.........7

3.2.

Message and Transactions......8

4. ICO....10
4.1.

Token distribution ........11

4.2.

ICO parameters .......11

4.3.

Uses of funds raised.........12

5. Roadmap........12

2

Fujinto Whitepaper

http://fujinto.io

1.

INTRODUCTION

In the past few years, the world tourism has much conditions to grow strong; the world is changing
with scientific and technological leaps; The world economy continues to grow; The people's life is
constantly improved .In this context, the demand for travel of the people is objective and fast
growing demand. The development of information technology has changed the way people interact
and share information, especially the impact of social networking and internet applications, mobile
phones increasingly popular.

1.1 - TOURISM
By Myhospiworld, here are the brief numbers that show the importance and role of the Tourism
Industry in the rest of the world, as well as the "bottom line" for sustainable development. And
certainly of the potential economic sector remains "latent".
Tourism Industry in 2016
- Accounts for 9% of global GDP
- In 11 people, has 1 person works in Tourism industry
- 1.3 trillion $ in exports
- 6% of the world export
- From 25 million international tourists in 1950
- increased to 1,035 million visitors in 2012
- And 2016 the number of international visitors is 1,235 billion.
- 1.8 billion international visitors until 2030.
The crux of a sustainable development

A large number of new tourism destinations are being formed and receiving investment
from investors around the world, making Tourism a key factor of the socio-economic development
process.

Over the past six decades, the tourism industry has experienced and continues to grow,
expand and become more diverse than ever, gradually becoming one of the fastest growing
economic factors in the world. Many new destinations are being formed at the same time as
continents, which have long been the cradle of world tourism, such as Europe or North America.

3

Fujinto Whitepaper

http://fujinto.io


Despite the crises is going on, international tourists have shown an unstoppable
development, with 25 million in 1950, 278 million in 1980, 528 million in 1995, and 1.035 million in
2012
According to general perception of the World Tourism Organization (UNWTO), in the future, tourism
continues to grow on a global scale. The number of international visitors is forecasted to reach 1.8
billion by 2030.
By 2030, tourist go with purpose of visits, health and religion will account for 31% of the total
number of international tourists; For the purpose of sightseeing, relaxation, recreation,
entertainment accounted for 54%; And for the purpose of job and occupation accounted 15%.
The development of information technology has changed the way people interact and share
information of tourist, especially the impact of social networking and internet applications, mobile
phones increasingly popular.
The experience of countries which has development tourism industry shows that when internet
users are increasing, advertising using online payment tools is a channel that the tourism industry
can not ignore.
According to statistics, the collection of major travel companies around the world, more than 99% of
people online before the selection of tours.
According to a Neilson report, global online travel sales in 2016 reached 565 billion $, up 13.8%. AsiaPacific and America-Latin are the two markets which contribute for this impressive growth. Even,
Neilson forecast that in 2017, Asia-Pacific will first time surpass North America, becoming the world's
largest online travel market.

1.2 - PROBLEM
With the development of social media, online applications, travelers can now easy to search and
book their own hotels, motels and flight online rather than booking via service agencies.
However, there is a difficulty in paying method with the service provider, especially with
international travel. Below is a description of the payment process when booking through the
website or online payment application

Customer

MONEY
Y

The bank or
intermediary
payment
4

MONEY
Y

Service
Provider units

Fujinto Whitepaper

http://fujinto.io

The money that visitors use for booking must go through a provider of intermediary payment
services (Banks, Paypal, Neteller, VISA ..) and then reach the service provider. This process leads to
- Long waiting duration
- Foreign currency exchange (when traveling internationally)
- High Fees
- No privacy (all your transactions may be tracked)
- Security risk. Your privacy and money rely on the payment service provider.

1.3 SOLUTION
FUJINTO is created to make the paying process in the website, online booking application easier and
reduce the risk for the users.
The FUJINTO token is a decentralized cryptocurrency based on the Ethereum blockchain platform
and is not controlled by any central authorities.
NTO is the symbol of FUJINTO token, like JPY or USD.
NTO was created to be a cryptocurrency to pay for hotel or travel ticket reservations. NTO is the
open source cryptocurrency, using advanced blockchain technology. With NTO your money will be
stored in your personal digital wallet, strictly confidential and absolutely private. At the transaction,
money from the sending account will come directly to the recipient, not through any intermediaries.
Here is the description when you use the payment with NTO

Customer

Service
Provider units

NTO
Y

Using NTO makes payments much faster and more convenient
- Transaction is confirmed and completed almost immediately.
- Fees are much lower
- Privacy (no one can track your transactions or personal information)
- Proactive and less risky with blockchain technology.

5

Fujinto Whitepaper

http://fujinto.io

2.

VISION

NTO is created with the purpose of providing an alternative payment method for transportation and
accommodation booking websites. By using NTO, the booking process would be simplified and
more efficient for both providers and consumers. Furthermore, one does not need to pay a huge
amount for transaction or change of currency fee because of using international transfer system. In
addition, NTO is secured payment solution with minimal transaction fee and the amount will be
transferred to users account within milliseconds.
FUJINTO Team has many years of experience in building and developing online payment solution
which is the foundation of introducing FUJINTO service.
Firstly, FUJINTO will be linked with accommodation and transportation websites which allows NTO to
be used as one of the secured payment methods other than cash.
A number of potential partners that are
-

-

Rome2rio.com, Goeuro.com, Skyscanner, Momondo, Seat61.com, Rail Europe, Beurope.com, Loco2.com, Captaintrain.com, Busradar.com, Eurolines, Megabus, Student
Agency Bus, IC Bus, greyhound.com, amtrak.com, kayak.com, Traveloka.com
( transportations)
Airbnb.com, Only-apartments.com, Booking.com, Hotelscombined.com, Expedia.com,
Agoda.com (accommodation booking)
TripAdvisor, Foursquare (tourism services)

Secondly, introducing FUJINTO application that quicken accomdation and transportation booking
services with NTO currcency and it applied Blockchain technology which helps the FUJINTO to be
more secured and safe for users.

3.

FUJINTO

The intent of FUJINTO is to create an alternative protocol for building decentralized applications,
providing a different set of tradeoffs that we believe will be very useful for a large class of
decentralized applications, with particular emphasis on situations where rapid development time,
security for small and rarely used applications, and the ability of different applications to very
efficiently interact, are important. FUJINTO does this by building what is essentially the ultimate

6

Fujinto Whitepaper

http://fujinto.io

abstract foundational layer: a blockchain with a built-in Turing-complete programming language,
allowing anyone to write smart contracts and decentralized applications where they can create their
own arbitrary rules for ownership, transaction formats and state transition functions. A bare-bones
version of Namecoin can be written in two lines of code, and other protocols like currencies and
reputation systems can be built in under twenty. Smart contracts, cryptographic "boxes" that
contain value and only unlock it if certain conditions are met, can also be built on top of the
platform, with vastly more power than that offered by Bitcoin scripting because of the added powers
of Turing-completeness, value-awareness, blockchain-awareness and state.

3.1 NTO Accounts
In NTO, the state is made up of objects called "accounts", with each account having a 20-byte
address and state transitions being direct transfers of value and information between accounts. An
FUJINTO account contains four fields:


The nonce, a counter used to make sure each transaction can only be processed once



The account's current NTO balance



The account's contract code, if present



The account's storage (empty by default)

Ether is the main internal crypto-fuel of FUJINTO, and is used to pay transaction fees. In general,
there are two types of accounts: externally owned accounts, controlled by private keys,
and contract accounts, controlled by their contract code. An externally owned account has no
code, and one can send messages from an externally owned account by creating and signing a
transaction. In a contract account, every time the contract account receives a message its code
activates, allowing it to read and write to internal storage and send other messages or create
contracts in turn.
Note that "contracts" in NTO should not be seen as something that should be "fulfilled" or "complied
with"; rather, they are more like "autonomous agents" that live inside of the NTO execution
environment, always executing a specific piece of code when "poked" by a message or transaction,
and having direct control over their own NTO balance and their own key/value store to keep track of
persistent variables.

3.2

Messages and Transactions

The term "transaction" is used in NTO to refer to the signed data package that stores a message to
be sent from an externally owned account. Transactions contain:


the recipient of the message;



a signature identifying the sender;



the amount of NTO to transfer from the sender to the recipient;

7

Fujinto Whitepaper





http://fujinto.io

an optional data field;
a STARTGAS value, representing the maximum number of computational steps the
transaction execution is allowed to take; and
a GASPRICE value, representing the fee the sender pays per computational step.

The first three are standard fields expected in any cryptocurrency. The data field has no function by
default, but the virtual machine has an opcode with which a contract can access the data. As an
example use case, if a contract is functioning as an on-blockchain domain registration service, then it
may wish to interpret the data being passed to it as containing two "fields", the first field being a
domain to register and the second field being the IP address to register it to. The contract would
read these values from the message data and appropriately place them in storage.
The STARTGAS and GASPRICE fields are crucial for NTO's anti-denial-of-service model.[17] In order to
prevent accidental or hostile infinite loops or other computational wastage in code, each transaction
is required to set a limit to how many computational steps of code execution it can use. The
fundamental unit of computation is "gas"; usually, a computational step costs 1 gas, but some
operations cost higher amounts of gas because they are more computationally expensive, or
increase the amount of data that must be stored as part of the state. There is also a fee of 5 gas for
every byte in the transaction data. The intent of the fee system is to require an attacker to pay
proportionately for every resource that they consume, including computation, bandwidth and
storage; hence, any transaction that leads to the network consuming a greater amount of any of
these resources must have a gas fee roughly proportional to the increment.

Messages
Contracts have the ability to send "messages" to other contracts. Messages are virtual objects that
are never serialized and exist only in the FUJINTO execution environment. A message contains:


the sender of the message (implicit);



the recipient of the message;



the amount of FUJINTO to transfer alongside the message;




an optional data field; and
a STARTGAS value.

Essentially, a message is like a transaction, except it is produced by a contract and not an external
actor. A message is produced when a contract currently executing code executes the CALLopcode,
which produces and executes a message. Like a transaction, a message leads to the recipient
account running its code. Thus, contracts can have relationships with other contracts in exactly the
same way that external actors can.
Note that the gas allowance assigned by a transaction or contract applies to the total gas consumed
by that transaction and all sub-executions. For example, if an external actor A sends a transaction to
B with 1,000 gas; B consumes 600 gas before sending a message to C; and the internal execution of
C consumes 300 gas before returning; then B can spend another 100 gas before running out of gas.
NTO State Transition Function

8

Fujinto Whitepaper

http://fujinto.io

The NTO state transition function, APPLY(S,TX) -> S' can be defined as follows:
1. Check if the transaction is well-formed (ie. has the right number of values), the signature is
valid, and the nonce matches the nonce in the sender's account. If not, return an error.
2. Calculate the transaction fee as STARTGAS * GASPRICE, and determine the sending address
from the signature. Subtract the fee from the sender's account balance and increment the
sender's nonce. If there is not enough balance to spend, return an error.
3. Initialize GAS = STARTGAS, and take off a certain quantity of gas per byte to pay for the bytes
in the transaction.
4. Transfer the transaction value from the sender's account to the receiving account. If the
receiving account does not yet exist, create it. If the receiving account is a contract, run the
contract's code either to completion or until the execution runs out of gas.
5. If the value transfer failed because the sender did not have enough money, or the code
execution ran out of gas, revert all state changes except the payment of the fees, and add
the fees to the miner's account.
6. Otherwise, refund the fees for all remaining gas to the sender, and send the fees paid for
gas consumed to the miner.
For example, suppose that the contract's code is:
if !self.storage[calldataload(0)]:
self.storage[calldataload(0)] = calldataload(32)
Note that in reality the contract code is written in the low-level EVM code; this example is written in
Serpent, one of our high-level languages, for clarity, and can be compiled down to EVM code.
Suppose that the contract's storage starts off empty, and a transaction is sent with 10 FUJINTO

9

Fujinto Whitepaper

http://fujinto.io

value, 2000 gas, 0.001 ether gasprice, and 64 bytes of data, with bytes 0-31 representing the
number 2and bytes 32-63 representing the string CHARLIE.[Note 4]
If there was no contract at the receiving end of the transaction, then the total transaction fee would
simply be equal to the provided GASPRICE multiplied by the length of the transaction in bytes, and
the data sent alongside the transaction would be irrelevant.
Note that messages work equivalently to transactions in terms of reverts: if a message execution
runs out of gas, then that message's execution, and all other executions triggered by that execution,
revert, but parent executions do not need to revert. This means that it is "safe" for a contract to call
another contract, as if A calls B with G gas then A's execution is guaranteed to lose at most G gas.
Finally, note that there is an opcode, CREATE, that creates a contract; its execution mechanics are
generally similar to CALL, with the exception that the output of the execution determines the code of
a newly created contract.

4.

ICO

4.1 Token distribution
-

5% ( 20 million tokens) are reserved for early adopters in pre-ICO
57.5% ( 230 million tokens) will be available for crowdsale.
0.5% ( 2 million tokens) are reserved for ICO bonuses.
30% ( 120 million tokens) will remain in the FUJINTO Foundation until the official exchange is
launched, the tokens will be used to form a stable market and for further development.

-

7% (28 million tokens) will be distributed among team members

10

Fujinto Whitepaper

http://fujinto.io

4.2 ICO parameters
ICO Start Date 10 August 2017 12:00 UTC
ICO End Date 10 September 2017 12:00 UTC
ICO Tokens Amount 230 000 000 NTOs
Total Bonus Amount 2 000 000 NTOs
Token Exchange rate 1 ETH = 4 000 NTOs
Minimum transaction amount 400 NTOs (0.1 ETH)
Maximum transaction amount 12 000 000 NTOs (3 000 ETH)
Total Sale goal 60 000 ETH
Minimal Sale goal 5 000 ETH
Currency accepted Only ETH

ICO Bonuses
-

1st week 15%
2nd week 10%
3rd week 5%
4th week no bonus

4.3 Uses of funds raised
-

20% will be used for Support Market
30% will be used for Marketing, SEO, promos
10% will be used for Admin and Operation
40% will be used for Development.

FUJINTO tokens distribution is not available to U.S and Hong Kong residents.
After ICO NTO will be available for purchase in cryptocurrency exchanges.

11

Fujinto Whitepaper

http://fujinto.io

5.

ROADMAP

3rd quarter 2017
-

Early August: presale period
Mid August: Initial Coin Offering (ICO) period
Late August: available for purchase in cryptocurrency exchanges
Working on FUJINTO and introducing NTO on accommodation websites such as Airbnb.com,
Only-apartments.com, Booking.com, Hotelscombined.com, Expedia.com, Agoda.com

4th quarter 2017
-

Working on FUJINTO and introducing NTO on Rome2rio.com,
Goeuro.com,
Skyscanner,
Momondo,
Seat61.com,
Rail
Europe,
B-europe.com,
Loco2.com,
Captaintrain.com, Busradar.com.

1st quarter 2018
-

Working on FUJINTO and introducing NTO on greyhound.com, amtrak.com, kayak.com,
Traveloka.com.
Testing FUJINTO application.

2nd quarter 2018
-

Working on FUJINTO and introducing NTO on Eurolines, Megabus, Student Agency Bus, IC
Bus.
FUJINTO BETA realease.

3rd quarter 2018
-

Launching FUJINTO application.

12

Whitepaper - 05.04.2017

Contents

1

Executive Summary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7

1.1

Problem Overview

7

1.2

Mission Statement

9

1.3

Core Objectives

1.3.1
1.3.2
1.3.3

Build the Worlds Most Efficient Forecasting Tool . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Create the Google of Customized Information Searching . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Become the Standard for Predictive Assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10

2

Token Mechanism . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11

3

Platform Model . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

3.1

Gnosis Layers

3.1.1
3.1.2
3.1.3

Layer One: Gnosis Core . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
Layer Two: Gnosis Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
Layer Three: Gnosis Applications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14

4

Gnosis Applications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15

4.1

Financial Instruments

15

4.2

Insurance & Hedging Instruments

16

4.3

Information

17

4.4

Governance

19

4.5

Incentivization

19

10

13

4.6

Sports Betting

20

5

Roadmap . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23

5.1

Key Activities & Partnerships

23

5.2

Competitive Analysis

23

5.3

Finances

25

5.3.1

Use of Sale Proceeds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25

5.4

Development Roadmap

5.4.1
5.4.2

Current State . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Future Development . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26

5.5

Ongoing Research

6

Token Auction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29

7

Leadership . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33

7.1

Core Team

33

7.2

Board & Advisors

34

8

Legal Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37

8.1

Legal Implications of Token Launches

37

8.2

Legal Landscape for Prediction Markets

37

9

Gnosis Architecture . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39

9.1

Systems Architecture

9.1.1

Core Components . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39

9.2

Contract Architecture

9.2.1
9.2.2

Event Factory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
Market Factory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42

9.3

Oracle Architecture

9.3.1
9.3.2
9.3.3
9.3.4
9.3.5

On-chain Oracles . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Centralized Oracle . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Decentralized Oracle . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Hybrid Oracles . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Oracle Standard for Event Descriptions

9.4

gnosis.js

45

9.5

GNODEX

45

9.5.1
9.5.2

State Channels . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
Off-chain Order Books . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45

26

28

39
40

42
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

43
43
43
44
44

5
9.6

GnosisDB

46

9.6.1
9.6.2

Indexing Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47
Query Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47

1. Executive Summary

Prediction markets are poised to become one of the most disruptive innovations in capital markets
and data science since the beginning of the Information Revolution. First proposed in the early 90s,
prediction markets have yet to attract mass attention in the realm of forecasting and decision-making
despite their documented efficacy for information aggregation. This is largely due to over-regulation
in many of the worlds leading financial sectors. With the invention of powerful, peer-to-peer
computing technologies such as Ethereum and Bitcoin, the scientific exploration of market-based
forecasting can proceed uninhibited and at a rate and scale previously unimaginable. Our team
believes undoubtedly that prediction markets will disrupt some of the largest existing industries in
the near term. Looking forward, we expect that the Gnosis prediction market platform will form the
basis for machine information economies on a global scale.
In order for a prediction market platform to become truly disruptive, it must be universal and
draw from a global liquidity pool. The platform must be decentralized, permissionless, and trustless
for such a liquidity pool to exist. With these requirements in mind, the Gnosis team has selected the
Ethereum network as the core protocol upon which the platform will be built.

1.1

Problem Overview
Generally speaking, the Information Revolution has made it easier for individuals to quickly retrieve
data about any topic. Despite the ease of access we enjoy today, this form of information aggregation
still requires a great deal of coordination to be effective. More often than not, the data is severely
lacking in context and objectivity and requires heavier lifting to produce actionable information
for use in decision-making processes. The reason for this is straightforward: written information
is inextricably linked to the writers individual biases and agenda, making it difficult to delineate
useful information from opinions or intentional misinformation. In other words, its easy to find
what people have said but hard to ascertain what they actually believe.
Financial markets are particularly interesting in this regard in that the act of speculation elicits a
highly effective form of information aggregation that requires no coordination (i.e. the invisible
hand) and more closely mirrors individual beliefs. Principally, market speculators who believe they

Chapter 1. Executive Summary

8

have superior information buy shares when they believe a company is undervalued and sell shares
when they believe the company is overvalued. A monetary incentive exists to update a common
data point (i.e. share price) when there is profit potential, and there is a disincentive to misreport in
the form of financial loss. The resulting equilibrium share price reflects the prevailing market-wide
sentiment about a companys value at any given time. In summary, information aggregation occurs
with skin in the game - a characteristic that:
1. effectively glues an individuals action to their privately held beliefs and
2. is absent from other methods for information aggregation such as polling.
This is vital for understanding the principal function of prediction markets.
A prediction market, in essence, is a vehicle for aggregating information about the expected
outcome of a future event.1 Unlike a traditional financial market, prediction markets frame themselves
as questions about the future, typically with binary outcomes. For example: Which presidential
candidate will win the 2016 election? Shares are divided among pre-defined options (e.g. Hillary
Clinton, Donald Trump, Other) with corresponding share prices equaling $1. Each options share
price reflects its probability of occurrence. So long as an individual believes they have superior
information about the event in question, s/he has an incentive to purchase shares that reflect his/her
beliefs about the outcome, thereby updating information captured by the prediction market. At the
markets conclusion, the winning options shares become redeemable for $1, while all other shares
become worthless. Individual actors who purchased the winning shares receive profit equal to $1 purchase price x number of shares.
Ex: Which presidential candidate will win the 2016 election?
(A) Hillary Clinton ($0.40) = 40% chance of winning
(B) Donald Trump ($0.50) = 50% chance of winning
(C) Other ($0.10) = 10% chance of winning
(A) + (B) + (C) = $1.00 (100%)
Over the last several decades, prediction markets have seen a surge in use due to their superior
ability to effectively aggregate all available information relevant to an events outcome. Prediction
markets have already been implemented with success for a variety of applications. Initially, these
markets were limited to academic purposes, the first of which being the Foresight Exchange. Later,
prediction markets were tested by the intelligence industry through projects such as DARPAs FutureMAP, which was, an experiment to see whether market-generated predictions could improve
upon conventional approaches to forecasting. Perhaps most straightforward and general was Intrades prediction market, which allowed for event futures on the outcome of decidable events such
as elections, current events, and sports. During its existence, Intrade showed that such markets could
garner significant volume and estimate the likelihood of potential outcomes with greater accuracy
than traditional polling methods. More recently, prediction markets have found use as internal tools
to inform organizations, such as large corporations and nonprofits.
Prediction markets have limited accessibility, liquidity, and market variety resulting from strict
financial and gaming regulation in the U.S. that extends well-beyond the countrys borders. In 2012,
Ireland-based Intrade was sued by the CFTC in violation of its ban on off-exchange options trading,
leading to the sites ultimate closure in March 2013.2 Per the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, it is
illegal to solicit U.S. based customers to buy and sell commodity options unless classified as exempt
or listed on a CFTC-regulated exchange. Intrades sudden closure raised suspicions about market
1 Also

known as predictive markets, information markets, decision markets, idea futures, event derivatives, or virtual
markets
2 http://www.cftc.gov/PressRoom/PressReleases/pr6423-12

1.2 Mission Statement

9

manipulation and around claims about its markets liquidity.3 Similarly, prediction markets have been
met with resistance within corporate environments. Despite evidence of early successes for corporate
decision making in forward-thinking organizations such as Google, prediction markets have failed to
garner popular support from product/project managers for a variety of reasons, including manager
bias, organizational friction, and a lack of well-established guidelines for facilitating successful
internal markets.
Despite the aforementioned challenges, prediction markets have seen a resurgence of interest
both in academia and the private sector. More recently, New Zealand-based prediction market
PredictIt has been able to operate under the benediction of the CFTC, albeit with severe limitations.
PredictIt positions itself as an experimental research and educational facility of Victoria University
of Wellington, rather than a betting site. Pursuant to a letter of non-action received from the CFTC
in October 2014, the platforms markets are restricted to 5,000 total traders per contract, with a
limit on individual investment of $850.4 Furthermore, use of the platform is illegal in the states of
Washington and Nevada.
We must face a hard truth that prediction markets, despite being rigorously tested, cuttingedge instruments for forecasting the future, will never reach their full potential if built on 21st
century database technologies. Traditional prediction market applications that operate on centralized
platforms will tend towards proprietary designs, siloing data and reducing overall liquidity - a recipe
for impotent markets that leave much to be desired in terms of accuracy and precision. Furthermore,
these databases lack the resilience necessary to resist censorship and reach untapped liquidity pools
across the globe, the effect of which suffocates any prediction markets viability as a platform and
stunts its growth as a means of information exchange. Because these efficient, flexible, and scalable
markets for specialized information exchange do not yet exist, investors and speculators are forced to
accept the high costs associated with constructing custom financial instruments in highly regulated
environments.

1.2

Mission Statement
Our mission is to build an accessible prediction market platform enabling the free
flow of useful information.
Gnosis will be a disruptive force driving change in a number of systemically important global
markets, including finance, gambling, insurance, and information. Gnosis prediction markets will
also find applications in new forms of distributed, market-based governance protocols, and will
provide unique incentivization opportunities for both local and global economies.
Gnosis is well-positioned as a medium for a long-term shift toward information arbitrage
economies that will power the Internet of Things, as well as more advanced forms of artificial
intelligence. We believe that we are on the cusp of a Cambrian explosion of machine intelligence
that will leverage a global liquidity pool of information for decision-making and will be deeply
interwoven on a shared blockchain fabric such as Ethereum. Decentralized prediction markets seeded
on Gnosis will be the ideal medium of exchange for these intelligent agents.
3 http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/what-killed-intrade
4 https://www.predictit.org/Home/TermsAndConditions

10

1.3

Chapter 1. Executive Summary

Core Objectives

1.3.1

Build the Worlds Most Efficient Forecasting Tool
Prediction markets can enable a more efficient and informed world. Prediction markets and oracles
will bridge real world events to the blockchain, thereby strengthening its value as an authoritative
source of truth about the world.

1.3.2

Create the Google of Customized Information Searching
Gnosis enables anyone to ask a question and fund the search for answers. This creates new economic
opportunities for subject matter experts and more efficient avenues for crowdsourcing and aggregating
information. The power of search is decentralized and inclusive.

1.3.3

Become the Standard for Predictive Assets
Gnosis seeks to establish a global, open prediction market platform with a single liquidity pool.
This limitless resource enables the simple creation of custom prediction market applications and
embodies a flexible marketplace for blockchain oracle services.

2. Token Mechanism

The token sold during the token launch is known as the Gnosis Token, or GNO. This is the only time
that these tokens can be created, and therefore the total supply of GNO is fixed.
Fees, similar to those of a trading market, will be charged to participants on the Gnosis Services
and Applications layers (but as a reminder, not the bare bones Core layer). These fees will initially
be denominated in cryptocurrency, namely BTC or ETH. Gnosis seeks to not only create interesting
software, but also a community of those interested in sharing their wisdom on Gnosis markets. To do
this, we needed to create a model that lowers the barrier to entry for repeat users (e.g. having to pay
BTC/ETH repeatedly). Therefore, in addition to paying this fee in BTC or ETH, Gnosis ecosystem
participants will be able to pay the fee in Wisdom, or WIZ, tokens.
Gnosis Wisdom (WIZ) can be used to pay platform fees on the Services layer, subsidize the fees
of other participants, provide initial subsidies for markets, or for market trading. WIZ will be pegged
to $1 USD worth of fees. In this way, WIZ acts as a coupon for $1 of use within Gnosis.
Gnosis tokens (GNO) are the generator for Wisdom token (WIZ) creation. WIZ can only be
created via activating the utility of the Gnosis (GNO) tokens. This is done via a smart contract
system. The smart contract works as follows: GNO token holders agree to lock their tokens in a
smart contract (30-365 days). A multiplier is added for longer lock durations. The smart contract
determines the user selected lock duration and applies that duration to a formula that is designed
to regulate the supply of WIZ tokens currently in use. Prior to locking their GNO tokens in the
smart contract, users will be able to see exactly how much WIZ they will receive as a result of
executing the smart contract. Once users execute the contract, 30% of their WIZ will be distributed
for immediate use, and the remaining 70% will be distributed proportionally over the locked duration.
Once the lock duration expires, the locked GNO ceases to generate WIZ and the GNO becomes
freely transferable by the holder. There is no limit (other than duration) for how many times GNO
tokens may be used to create WIZ.
How Can Gnosis Remain Viable if Participants Choose Not to Pay in WIZ?
A core value proposition of Gnosis (and decentralization) is to guarantee future characteristics
of platforms to both users and developers without relying on the trustworthiness of an operating
company. In order to do this, elements including fee rates, must be codified into the software itself. It

12

Chapter 2. Token Mechanism

is expected that WIZ will be the overwhelmingly predominant method for paying fees in the Gnosis
ecosystem. In the unexpected event that this is not true, and users are paying in BTC or /ETH, the
platform may become vulnerable to low-fee copycats or potentially even illegal forks of the Gnosis
codebase.
These alternative platforms may logically cause erosion of the Gnosis userbase, subsequently
triggering justified loss of developer confidence that their created markets and applications will
remain viable on Gnosis. In order to avoid this scenario, we designed a fee-reduction mechanism to
bolster competitiveness of the Gnosis platform. The result is added confidence for developers and
partners that Gnosis is the infrastructure they should be building markets on.
NOTE: It is unlikely that this mechanism will be used as game theory and expectations point to
users predominantly paying fees in WIZ. In the event this mechanism is triggered, we expect the
occurrence to be extremely rare.
Two core requirements for the fee reduction mechanism is that it is both decentralized and costly.
The mechanism must be costly in order to eliminate spam or manipulation. The core functionality of
the mechanism is as follows: All fees paid in BTC/ETH/Tokens go to an auction contract outside the
control of the Gnosis team. If fees exist in the auction contract, any GNO token holder can submit
a bid, bidding their held GNO against some amount of fees contained in the auction contract. If
the bid is accepted, the GNO will then enter the auction contract and the user will receive the fees
specified. When the users GNO enters the auction contract, the fee reduction mechanism will be
triggered causing a reduction in fees on Gnosis proportional to the total amount of GNO held in this
auction contract. The auction contract is one-way and GNO cannot leave this wallet.

Figure 2.1: Examples of GNO and WIZ Utility

3. Platform Model

The Gnosis platform will be composed of three primary layers: Core, Services, and Application.

Figure 3.1: Primary layers of the Gnosis platform

3.1
3.1.1

Gnosis Layers
Layer One: Gnosis Core
The Core layer provides the foundational smart contracts for Gnosis use: event token creation and
settlement, a market mechanism, oracle, and a management interface. This layer is and always will
be free and open to use. Creating new markets is near zero marginal cost, and to remain competitive
fees will have to approach zero. Instead of grasping at the maximum possible fees while remaining
competitive, we feel that it is prudent to eliminate fees at the most basic contract level. It should be in

Chapter 3. Platform Model

14

every partys best interest to use the existing open source and feeless contracts instead of deploying
their own version.
3.1.2

Layer Two: Gnosis Services
The Gnosis Services layer will offer additional services on top of Gnosis Core and will use a trading
fee model. These services will include a state channel implementation1 , new market mechanisms,
stablecoin and payment processor integrations, open source template applications, application
customization tools, and the oracle marketplace. More features may be introduced as deemed useful.
These components are necessary for most consumer applications building on Gnosis.
State channels are a prerequisite for betting and financial applications requiring thousands or
more transactions per second. Without stablecoins, market participants are subject to the volatility
of the cryptocurrency which the market is denominated in and the event outcome that they are
predicting. Application templates, customization tools, and advanced oracle selection will allow us
to execute on our vision of lowering the barrier to entry for new prediction market based applications
by at least two orders of magnitude. While some applications and participants will interact with
Gnosis on the Core level, we are confident that these services will provide a compelling reason for
Services level use.

3.1.3

Layer Three: Gnosis Applications
On top of the Services layer (or in some cases, just Gnosis Core) is the Gnosis application layer.
These applications are primarily front-ends that target a particular prediction market use case and or
customer segment. Some of these applications may be built by Gnosis, while others will be built by
third parties. Our vision for Gnosis is to have a wide variety of prediction market applications built
atop the same platform and liquidity pool. These applications will likely charge additional fees or
use alternative business models such as market making, information selling, or advertising. As well
see in the next section on tokens, many Gnosis applications may include token holding as a core
component of their business model.

1 https://media.consensys.net/state-channels-ethereum-is-open-for-business-5b7cd4d7506c#

.d95j8n6gh

4. Gnosis Applications

With the Gnosis prediction market platform serving as a global liquidity hub, decentralized application developers will be able to create new classes of predictive assets that can be used in any number
of simple or complex applications. The following section will introduce a set of innovations that are
readily implementable in existing markets with the use of Gnosis prediction markets. It will also
attempt to define entirely new verticals that are made possible through the use of predictive assets.

4.1

Financial Instruments
Prediction markets can enable the creation of financial instruments that track stock price or commodity value with greater specificity than existing derivatives. If we conceptualize traditional financial
instruments as expressions of economic value, one could argue that the expressiveness of current
market offerings is limited to statements of ownership in an asset (e.g. currencies, equities), of
financial relationships between economic entities (e.g. bonds), and meta-statements about value
relative to an instrument (e.g. derivatives). Prediction markets enable more nuanced and specific
expressions about economic events, which in turn signal value more explicitly (along with risk) at
both the macro and micro-economic level.
For example, markets can be created asking, What will this corporations Q4 gross revenue
be on a specified date? One might imagine that information drawn from this and many adjacent
markets could be used as an input to inform more advanced predictive/decision-making models
in finance, government, insurance, and beyond. Such a market could inform analysts earnings
per share (EPS) estimates for the quarter; alternatively, markets can be constructed to predict EPS
itself, sidestepping the need for analyst forecasts altogether. More readily available and reliable
information in this area can lead to better price discovery, minimizing both short-term volatility and
long-term risk.
Alternatively, prediction markets can be used to create pegged and stable currencies. For example,
an EtherUSD currency can be implemented by creating a scalar market which asks, What will
the Ether/USD exchange rate be at a future date? Liquidity from this market can then be used to
offer EtherUSD tokens which are pegged to the USD value. These tokens would be sold at a small

Chapter 4. Gnosis Applications

16

Figure 4.1: Financial Instruments: Predicting EPS
markup dependent on the cost of the market to provide liquidity. In another case, stable currencies
(currencies designed to have stable value) can be constructed by taking a basket of positions in both
sides of many markets.
While these synthetic instruments seem somewhat complex in nature, they illustrate the diverse
applicability of prediction markets in finance and represent a tremendous economic opportunity for a
diverse set of local experts in a truly global environment.

4.2

Insurance & Hedging Instruments
As stated previously, highly liquid prediction markets are remarkably accurate in assessing the
likelihood of future events and therefore signaling associated risks. In the context of insurance, a
prediction market could be used to estimate the likelihood of an insured event and may serve as an
input to or even replace certain actuarial models. For example, a home insurance policy could create
a market asking, Will this area flood in the next year? or Will an earthquake over 5.0 magnitude
occur within 50 miles of this location? Probabilities drawn from these markets can effectively
approximate more sophisticated actuarial estimates that require highly specialized (i.e. expensive)
training. In our case, risk measurement becomes democratized, creating new economic opportunities
for any participants with valuable localized knowledge.

4.3 Information

17

Figure 4.2: Hedging risks: Travel insurance
Furthermore, an insurance policy can be automated by creating smart contracts which buy Yes
positions in each market affecting policy risk. In theory, shares in Yes positions should pay out an
amount equal to or greater than the projected damage if an event occurs. The cost to the consumer
for these contracts should be equal to the cost of all shares for their policy, plus some markup so that
the insurance decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) may profit. The Gnosis Oracle Market
serves as a hub for claim inspectors to offer their inspection services to settle outstanding claims.
This insurance method should result in lower costs to the consumer as it automates business and
accounting functions and crowdsources the actuarial process, as well as claims inspection.

4.3

Information
Prediction market applications for information sales can be broken into two major categories: sales
of insider information, and sales of device data.
The sale of insider information has incredibly high utility but is ethically and legally questionable.
For example, a market could be created asking, Will corporation A acquire corporation B within
set time frame? In an anonymous prediction market, traders with insider information (e.g. high
level executives in corporation A) could participate in this market for an almost guaranteed profit.
The benefit of these types of markets is that they offer real-time access to all information relevant
to a corporations value, leading to more accurate pricing and strong-form efficient markets. The
downside, however, is that such markets can sidestep existing SEC regulation that prevent insiders
from individually profiting on material, nonpublic information. In the coming years, we will observe
the interplay between new information markets and the incumbent financial system. We expect

18

Chapter 4. Gnosis Applications

regulators to continue to adapt its restrictive regime around insider information for prediction markets
but with much difficulty given the decentralized nature of competing, blockchain-based platforms.
What we may witness by way of response from the market is a stronger trend towards financial
transparency by default, which arguably shrinks the pool of profitable insider information and
introduces greater efficiency into global markets.

Figure 4.3: Information gathering: Gauging the price of a piece of art before the auction is vital for
auction houses. Prediction markets can garner the expertise of specialists.

The latter example of device data sales may result in more efficient Internet of Things (IoT)
optimizations, but it requires prediction market scaling tools (e.g. state channels) to achieve high
frequency participation with low transaction cost. An example of this application could be smart
cars participating in a market asking, What is the traffic speed at this location? Such a market
resembles something like Waze, a consumer GPS navigation application, but for machine-to-machine
interactions, providing a profit opportunity for sensor devices reporting probability estimates used to
directly optimize IoT operations. In the prior example, markets on traffic speed would be used for
driverless car routing or by third party maps services.

4.4 Governance

4.4

19

Governance
Decision making is at the core of all governance models. Organizations must make decisions on
which policies to implement in order to maximize future welfare. For a government, this could mean
deciding how to budget annual tax revenues among competing policy initiatives. Take, for example,
the following questions:
Should a portion of the budget be allocated for infrastructure projects or for education? Which
option will result in greater GDP?
Within a corporation, many decisions must be made over the course of a fiscal year, with
variations in frequency, time sensitivity, and value to the firm. Disputes can arise within a broad
class of decisions at all levels of a company, many of which can be catastrophic if poorly executed,
such as a decision about whether or not to acquire a competitor. In most cases of governance, such
decisions are made using a hybrid of democratic and autocratic processes. The former involves a
voting process in which members of an organization or government cast votes (allocated through an
egalitarian or proportional representation) where a plurality, majority, or supermajority is required to
implement a decision. The latter involves a hierarchical model in which designated individuals make
absolute decisions over their domains of control. Metrics on share price or future revenue may be the
deciding factors for evaluating the resulting performance at a later date. Both of these models suffer
from information and coordination inefficiencies, often resulting in the implementation of policies
and actions that poorly optimize organizational welfare.
Futarchy, coined by Robin Hanson of George Mason University, offers an alternative, marketbased approach to governance. In futarchy, markets are used to decide on and implement policies.
These markets follow a general form of:
What will a future welfare metric be if a policy is implemented?
For example, a corporation could ask, What will our Q4 revenue be if we fire our CEO?
(Market A) and conversely, What will our Q4 revenue be if we dont fire our CEO? (Market B).
We can refer to these bi-directional markets as decision markets. Speculators who believe they hold
unique insights into the outcome of firing or keeping the CEO are incentivized to participate in both
markets. If the speculator believes that revenue will be maximized by firing the CEO, then he/she
will buy long shares in the companys expected revenue [E(r)] if the CEO is fired and short shares
in the E(r) if the CEO is not fired. Upon market closure, a decision is made corresponding to the
greater expected outcome. In our CEO example, if the market value for Market A E(r) is greater than
Market B E(r), then the organization fires the CEO. Market participants are then rewarded depending
on their accuracy in predicting future revenue.
In this model, governance is both marketized and automated. Policies are determined by values
found on an open market and implemented either through bonded delegates or an automated process.
Prediction markets have shown to be the most efficient information aggregation tool, lending credence
to the hypothesis that futarchy can more accurately identify policies that will optimize outcomes
while also lowering bureaucratic overhead.

4.5

Incentivization
Apart from estimating event probabilities, prediction markets can be used to incentivize actions in
the real world. An agent wishing to incentivize an action creates a market asking Has a particular
event occurred? or Will this event occur at a particular date? Following the creation of these
markets, the creator aggressively buys shares in the No outcome. Assume a participant observes

20

Chapter 4. Gnosis Applications

the prediction market and believes he/she can implement the action described. By buying Yes
shares at low cost in the market, this participant is effectively guaranteeing payment if they can
complete the action, resolving the market in their favor.
An example of this applied mechanism is a market for zero-day software security exploits. In this
case, a company could ask, Will a zero-day exploit be discovered in our software? A penetration
tester would attempt to discover exploits in the software. If an exploit is found, the tester would
buy shares in the market for Yes, an exploit will be discovered, and then reveal the exploit, either
directly to the company by openly releasing the exploit or by using it in practice. For this particular
application, the company would likely benefit from creating a secondary smart contract which pays
the tester an additional amount for revealing the exploit privately to them.
This mechanism of incentivizing actions extends similarly to any event whose outcome can be
heavily influenced by market participants. A use case which we find particularly interesting is the
automated political action committee (PAC). A PAC raises money for the purpose of influencing an
election or legislation. Through a combination of prediction markets and smart contracts, we can
automate this process. First, a smart contract is created which is designated to impact a particular
political outcome. Actors may donate money to this contract.
Following this, a market is created asking, Will this legislation pass? The PAC smart contract
(smartPAC) spends its funds to buy shares in No (this will not pass). This effectively creates an
incentive for actors to buy shares in Yes with the intent to impact the legislation positively and
profit. If the legislation passes, then the smartPAC has achieved its purpose. If the legislation does
not pass, then the contract profits from its positions in the market. This profit is then retained to be
used for a future market created the next time similar legislation is proposed. Funds are rolled over
similarly until the legislation passes. Effectively, this creates an ever increasing incentive to pass the
legislation.

4.6

Sports Betting

Figure 4.4: Using prediction markets for sports betting

4.6 Sports Betting

21

Global online sports gaming is a massive market, with at least high 100s of billions wagered
through regulated markets, and some estimate shows that 10 times that volume goes through
unregulated markets. Companies such as William Hill make over 1B in revenue yearly. Despite this
massive opportunity, companies and governments have been slow to innovate on existing models.
Existing applications operate on siloed data and liquidity pools, have limited accessibility, and
are slow to bring new products to market. Additionally, with centralized services, the user incurs
additional risk such as theft or other failure, and unexpected issues with payment processors.
Two major impediments contribute to this situation. The first is that becoming a new entrant to
the gaming market is a costly endeavor, with startup costs for a new company being at least in the
several millions. Another major roadblock is the aforementioned siloing and accessibility issues.
Without open, equitable, and transparent access to markets, products can not offer a platform model
promoting innovation, and odds suffer.
Gnosis brings innovations that aim to solve these problems. Gnosis operates as an open platform,
where access is unbiased and transparent. Thanks to this, incumbents and new participants can safely
reap the rewards of operating on the same platform, such as added liquidity translating to better
odds. Gnosis can be accessed anywhere and provides the same markets to all parties. Additionally,
our platform provides the majority of back-end logic necessary for a new application, lowering the
barrier of entry for new entrants by at least 2 orders of magnitude.

5. Roadmap

5.1

Key Activities & Partnerships
 Gnosis has been live on the Ethereum Mainnet for over 18 months. We updated to the next
major software release in August. Gnosis was described by Vitalik as most advanced DApp
currently live on main net in early 2016 interview
 Substantial work has been performed toward state channels and scaling. By implementing
state channels into our software architecture, Gnosis is pioneering one of the most important
tools for scaling DApps on the blockchain
 Ramping up community engagement efforts. Massive growth in social media following.
Surpassed 1000 slack members and 2500 Twitter followers. Gnosis is actively pursuing high
profile partnerships within Ethereum ecosystem, financial sector, and other fields.

5.2

Competitive Analysis
Gnosis competes directly with blockchain-based prediction market platform, Augur. Table 5.1
highlights the differences between the two platforms at a high level. The following section seeks
to expound the differences between the two offerings in greater detail. It is also worth noting that
Gnosis competes indirectly with sports betting exchanges and option markets such as William Hill
and Nadex, respectively.
Gnosis differentiates itself from Augur in a few important ways. First and foremost, Gnosis is
positioned as a platform for building decentralized prediction market applications as opposed to
simply being a hub for market-making activity. The distinction is subtle but represents a wholly
different strategic approach to capturing the burgeoning predictive asset market; the value proposition
of the former centers itself on the production of actionable information, while the latter centers itself
on generating data. Although Gnosis invests heavily in the development of its trading engine, crucial
to Gnosis mission and thesis is the transformation of this large set of prediction market data points
into meaningful information that can be utilized by human and AI decision-making agents. In order
to make this a reality, Gnosis plans on focusing a significant amount of resources towards enabling
the creation of decentralized prediction market applications that make it simpler and easier for users

24

Chapter 5. Roadmap

to gain insights into complex topics and make more well-informed decisions.
The platforms also differ in their mechanisms for resolving market outcomes. Augurs design is
fully decentralized and requires Reputation (REP) token holders to allocate a certain portion of time
per month for reporting event outcomes. The result is a resolution process that is theoretically more
difficult to game but suffers from slow payouts. Taking this cost as a significant point of friction that
may hamper the speed of prediction market adoption, Gnosis made an important design decision to
create an oracle solution that is centralized by default and features a truly decentralized failsafe. This
mechanism enables quicker resolutions via specialized, reputation-backed oracle services offered
through Gnosis oracle marketplace without sacrificing the benefits of decentralization.

Figure 5.1: Comparison between Gnosis and Augur
The trajectories of each platform also differ, at least in part, when considering the ongoing
research that is being conducted around long-term scalability and market-based governance. With
respect to scalability, blockchain-based prediction markets that aim to serve data-hungry IoT applications will suffer from prohibitive transaction costs due to the high frequency of requests. While
protocol-level scaling solutions (i.e. sharding) are still in development, Gnosis has committed
resources towards investigating off-chain scaling solutions such as state channels, which enable
verifiable, on-chain settlement of large volume transactional events that is cost-effective. Gnosis
identifies its active leadership in state channel research as a significant competitive advantage in the
decentralized prediction market space precisely because it enables decentralization at scale. Any
first mover advantage captured by Augur in the Ethereum space will be quickly outpaced once
platform scaling becomes the primary concern. In addition, Gnosis was awarded a grant by the
Ethereum Foundation to conduct research on market-based governance, known as futarchy (detailed
in Ongoing Research below). Selection by leading scientists in the blockchain field further signals
the overall strength of the Gnosis leadership team.

5.3 Finances

5.3

25

Finances
We are raising approximately $12.5M USD denominated in ETH in our token launch. Fund usage
will be split approximately evenly between platform and application development.

Figure 5.2: Funding Breakdown: Use of sale proceeds

5.3.1

Use of Sale Proceeds
Platform Development

Platform development will include building upon and securing core smart contracts, additional
frameworks such as a comprehensive oracle market, trading and management interfaces, service
level app templates and customization tools, and integrations with future Ethereum infrastructure
such as state channels and stablecoins.
Legal Costs

Legal requirements include corporate setups in at least 3 locations for crowdsale, operations, and
gaming licenses. Work has been done prior to token launch with a US law firm to develop a legal
opinion of the interpretation with US law. Ongoing resources will be required for gaming and
possible financial use case legal work. A legal contingency fund will be reserved in case of future
issues.

Chapter 5. Roadmap

26
Marketing and Business Development

Business development efforts will be focused on identifying and forming relationships with new
projects and existing partnerships which can be built on Gnosis. Marketing will be focused on
marketing Gnosis applications to their potential customer segment. Additional efforts will be spent
on increasing awareness and knowledge of the Gnosis platform and what can be built with it.

5.4
5.4.1

Development Roadmap
Current State
Gnosis has been under development for over two years starting at the beginning of January 2015.
Since then there were multiple iterations over the core parts of Gnosis. This includes the smart
contracts powering the framework as well as the general web interface and the gnosis.js library.
Several integrations of Gnosis with other projects like uPort, MetaMask or RealityKeys have been
tested. In addition to developing Gnosis core infrastructure Gnosis has been developing other
products like the Gnosis multisig wallet (https://wallet.gnosis.pm), which is used by several
projects (Golem, Weifund, Stable, ...) setting a standard for secure fund management. Gnosis is
also involved in development of developer tools and developed the first version of a program, which
turned into the widely used TestRPC.

5.4.2

Future Development
Throughout the preparation of the token auction, development of core Gnosis technology continued
making sure that next iterations can be published in time.
2017 Q2:

 Additional office in Berlin
Parts of the team will join the vibrant Ethereum community in Berlin, working out of the
ETHDEV office.
 gnosis.js beta & smart contracts beta
gnosis.js is an easy-to-use tool to enable every website developer to build applications on
top of Gnosis. gnosis.js will integrate with redesigned, more modular smart contracts and
GnosisDB as only backend.
 Gnosis management interface beta
A new interface to create and maintain markets is in the making, giving Gnosis a modern look
and intuitive and productive user experience. The interface will offer a light version providing
all functionalities needed to get started as well as an advanced interface to get the most out of
the functionalities offered by Gnosis.
 GnosisDB alpha
Storage of data on a blockchain is very expensive. The blockchain should only be used to
verify the accuracy of information. GnosisDB is a generic database layer combining cheap
storage with the advantage of fast document search and retrieval.
2017 Q3:

 Gnosis Hackathon
Gnosis will host a hackathon to support developers building apps on top of Gnosis.
 RealityKeys oracle integration
RealityKeys will be the first external oracle provider integrated into Gnosis. The RealityKeys

5.4 Development Roadmap

27

service provides automated and human-verified data designed to enable a new generation of
automated information services.
 CryptoEconomic experiments
Thanks to a generous grant from the Ethereum foundation, Gnosis will be running a series of
experiments to test the viability of Futarchy.
 Oraclize integration
Oraclize will be the second external oracle provider to be integrated into Gnosis. Oraclize
aims to be the privileged data gateway between blockchain protocols and the world wide web.
Oraclizes main goal is to provide a way for smart contracts to break free of their constraints
and provide them with the ability to access all the data they need from the web without
compromising their trustless nature.
2017 Q4:

 Gnosis AMA DApp with Twitter integration
The first end user facing application will target the blockchain audience. Gnosis AMA (ask
me anything) DApp allows anyone to ask the market for an estimate: When will Ethereum
switch to Proof of Stake, Will Bitcoin hardfork?. A Twitter bot integration will make it
possible to participate by tweeting.
 GNOWIZ functionality
Together with the first end user facing application we will enable the WIZ functionality for
paying fees.
 On-chain exchange as price oracle
As part of offering WIZ functionality, a newly designed market maker will be deployed. This
market maker can serve as a universal price oracle for tokens and will enable using WIZ to
pay fees for markets traded in any ERC20 token.
2018 Q1:

 GNODEX alpha
GNODEX will be the decentralized, scalable state channel based exchange to trade predictive
assets. The development already started, however, due to its complexity it is expected that
an MVP will take at least a year of development. Gnosis seeks to combine forces with other
teams to build the basic layers required to offer a decentralized exchange, with Gnosis adding
layers required to offer trading of prediction market outcomes.
 Futarchy DAO alpha
Gnosis will build a tool to create DAOs that only use prediction markets to make decisions.
The concept was popularized under the name Futarchy by our advisor Robin Hanson. Futarchy
DAOs will measure the market reaction of a decision. The DAO will only make decisions if
the market would react friendly to it.
 Gnosis trading interface alpha
The generic Gnosis interface does not meet the requirements for a trading application. For this
reason Gnosis is working on an additional interface dedicated to traders. Gnosis will combine
the best parts of existent trading interfaces from Kraken, Poloniex and other trading platforms
to provide a seamless user experience.
2018 Q2:

 Gnosis desktop standalone client alpha
Gnosis will offer a standalone application based on Electron, which will come with IPFS

Chapter 5. Roadmap

28

and an Ethereum light client integration. It will allow a fully decentralized prediction market
service ensuring that Gnosis prediction markets can be used from anywhere in the world.
 One other Gnosis DApp
It is the core concept of Gnosis to enable third parties to develop prediction market applications
on top of Gnosis. To accelerate platform adoption, the Gnosis team will develop DApps directly
as well. Which application areas we choose to work on will be based on our own business
development research and coordinated with outside teams that decide to build on Gnosis.
2018 Q3:

 Gnosis mobile standalone client alpha
As mobile becomes the dominating platform for application users, Gnosis seeks to have
dedicated applications for Android and iOS. Based on the popular Status.IM client, Gnosis
will provide fully decentralized prediction markets on mobile.
 Gnosis DApp Store
Gnosis will integrate a DApp store into the standalone apps for desktop and mobile to promote
apps.

5.5

Ongoing Research
Thanks to a generous grant from the Ethereum foundation, Gnosis will be running a series of
experiments to test the viability of Futarchy. Over the next two months we will be running at least
three experiments that will test foundational assumptions toward the successful implementation
of Futarchy. The first two experiments will test the ability of actors to manipulate the outcome of
markets when incentive is provided. In the first of these experiments, a market will be created which
is resolved by a smart contract verified to output 5 at a particular time. In the second experiment, the
smart contract will resolve to either 0 or 10 dependent on a random seed. In each of these markets,
an incentive will be provided to manipulators if they are able to push market values away from their
expected outcomes. By providing this reward we simulate market participants who have incentive
(likely by being shareholders in an organization) to misinform a Futarchy market and will be able to
provide quantitative information regarding the viability of such schemes. In the third market, we
will simulate Futarchy more directly with markets determined by Ethereum blockchain difficulty
at a time in the future. Through these experiments and general tools which we plan to create on
Gnosis, we aim to forge a solid platform for DAOs (and other types of organizations) to use Futarchy
to inform and automate their decision making.

6. Token Auction

Platform, or app tokens in decentralized networks can be distributed in a variety of ways. In the
Bitcoin and altcoin model these tokens are distributed gradually via a proof of work or proof of stake
mechanism. There are variations within these mechanisms which are primarily dependent on the
supply curve. This curve determines the rate of dispersion of the total coin supply.
Over the last two years, an informal standard for the token purchase mechanism has emerged. In
this mechanism, cryptocurrency is sent to an address in exchange for some amount of app tokens.
These launches typically run for approximately a thirty day period. The rate of conversion between
the sent cryptocurrency and the received app tokens decreases over this thirty day period (i.e. fewer
tokens per unit of cryptocurrency). For example, the rate during the first two weeks may remain at 1
ETH for 200 Tokens and then decrease linearly to 1.5 ETH for 200 Tokens and below over the open
period. The amount of tokens created is often wholly dependent on the amount of cryptocurrency
sent in. If the rate is 1 ETH for 200 tokens and 1M ETH is sent, 200M tokens will be created.
This model causes friction for purchasers in that they are compelled to purchase app tokens
earlier than they feel is justified for fear of price increases. The uncertainty in token creation may
also potentially lessen the utility of the app tokens themselves.
Our Innovations

In the Gnosis launch, 10 million Gnosis tokens (GNO) will be created and a percentage of them will
be distributed through the token launch. The launch period will end when either of the following
ending criterion is met: approximately $12.5M USD denominated in ETH worth of GNO is sold, or
9 million GNO tokens are sold.
During the launch, participants will be able to send Ether to a token launch address, committing
to buy GNO at or below the current price at the time of their purchase. The price of GNO will be
determined by a falling, as compared to the current trend of rising, price specification. The price of
GNO will decrease every block that elapses during the launch. The price per GNO sold in the final
block, when either ending criterion is satisfied, is the price that will be applied to all preceding sales
during the launch period. Therefore, token launch participants are committing to a maximum price
per Gnosis token and will receive tokens at this rate or lower.

30

Chapter 6. Token Auction

Example user experience

For example, Gnosis creates 10M tokens and begins the token launch. Alice sends 1 ETH to the
token launch address while the rate is at 1 GNO for 1 ETH. The token launch process continues,
with the price per GNO lowering each block. approximately $12.5M USD denominated in ETH
worth of GNO is sold on the 7th day of the launch. On the ending block, tokens were sold at a rate
of 1 GNO for 0.5 ETH. The token launch concludes, and every participant gets tokens equal to the
amount of Ether that they sent, at the rate of 1 GNO for 0.5 ETH (the price when the ending criterion
triggered). Alice, who contributed 1 ETH on day one, would therefore receive 2 GNO, applying
the final sale price to her 1 ETH purchase. Again, participants declare the maximum price they are
willing to pay for GNO, but ultimately receive the lowest price that any purchaser pays for GNO as
the final sale price is applied to all purchasers.
Participation

Economic theory dictates that purchasers should participate only when GNO tokens reach a price
they feel is representative of their utility in the Gnosis ecosystem. Tokens will sell for a very high
price on the initial blocks, representing high demand for the product. If a buyer believes the price is
fair, economic theory would encourage participation. If not, economic theory dictates buyers should
wait until GNO reaches a price they feel is warranted by GNOs functionality in the platform. It is
important to emphasize that our token launch model is significantly different from previous models.
Participating early provides no special benefits.
Origin of this mechanism

Alex van de Sande, seeking out a model that better enabled participation and eliminated some of the
aforementioned friction created by existing mechanisms, originally proposed this auction mechanism.
We agreed with his suggestion and following the initial idea, we worked with Alex and Vitalik
Buterin, who also supported this design, to create the mechanism that we have now settled on.
Code

Stefan George, technical co-founder of Gnosis has released our smart contract source code along
with the code for our token launch mechanisms. Additionally, his multisig wallet, recently used by
Golem, is also available for review.

31

Figure 6.1: The Gnosis Token Auction

7. Leadership

7.1

Core Team
Martin Koppelmann, CEO

Martin Kppelmann has been an entrepreneur and thought leader in the blockchain space for more
than 3 years. He is the founder of the biggest Bitcoin prediction market, Fairlay, but has shifted
his focus to Ethereum and co-founded the decentralized Gnosis prediction market - the first bigger
DAPP that went live on Ethereum. Closely related to prediction markets is his work on decentralized
market driven governance mechanisms: Futarchy. Beyond the entrepreneurial activity Martin has
done research on the economic incentive structure of different consensus mechanisms and scalability
solutions via state channels. Martin co-hosts the Ethereum meetup groups in the Silicon Valley
and San Francisco. Finally, Martin is well known for his work and research on basic income on
the blockchain: Circles - a new currency built on top of Ethereum that aims to implement a basic
income as monetary policy.
Stefan George, CTO

Stefan is an entrepreneur and developer who became interested in Bitcoin in 2013. He started his own
Bitcoin startup Fairlay, one of the leading prediction markets using Bitcoin today. Previously Stefan
worked at tech companies in Silicon Valley and at Berlin-based startups. After finishing his Masters
in CS he decided to travel Asia for a year in 2014 and started Gnosis afterwards working from Berlin.
The first alpha version of Gnosis was released just one week after the launch of Ethereum. Stefan
leads the development at Gnosis and implemented the smart contracts behind the prediction market
platform. In addition, Stefan wrote the crowdfunding campaigns for Gnosis and SingularDTV and
the multisig-wallet used by Gnosis and Golem to store their funds and tokens.
Matt Liston, Strategist

Matt dove into the cryptocurrency space in 2013 after becoming fascinated by the potential for smart
contracts and blockchains to revolutionize information economies. Currently he works on strategy
and communications for Gnosis. Prior to joining ConsenSys Matt founded Augur, consulted for
EthDev, and designed an IoT blockchain solution for Enlighted. When not DAO-whispering he

34

Chapter 7. Leadership

composes algorithmic music and dreams of a future Skynet-on-a-blockchain.
Dr. Friederike Ernst, COO

Friederike is a physicist by training and after obtaining her PhD from the Free University of Berlin
worked at Columbia University and Stanford/ SLAC before becoming a guest professor at the
University of Hamburg. Friederike has been interested in cryptotechnology for many years and has
switched gears from basic science: She now structures, organizes and directs company operations.
Denis Granha, Full stack engineer

Denis is a software developer who started working with Cryptocurrencies at the end of 2015. He
found in Ethereum the potential of growth and freedom where creativity its a value. In Gnosis
Denis works both on FrontEnd and BackEnd development. Before joining Gnosis, Denis worked as
software consultant in projects for important companies at Spain. Besides his technology passion,
Denis is a musician and a singer who loves to play live shows with his band.
Giacomo Licari, Full stack engineer

Giacomo is an enthusiastic software developer. He got in touch with cryptocurrencies and blockchain
in late 2016. Prior to Gnosis, he worked as software developer for an international consulting firm
and for a company developing ERP services. Hes currently working on Gnosis services along with
the Development Team.
Alan Lu, Mathematician, cryptographer

Alan was born in Shanghai, but grew up in Dallas, Texas, where he really got into technical stuff. He
studied math at UT Dallas and worked as a programmer. He enjoys gaming, training, and pursuing
his interests in physics. You may find him hanging out at hackerspaces, reading at a bookstore, or on
an adventure somewhere. At Gnosis Alan finds suitable models and algorithm implementations and
works on the distributed key generation used by GNODEX.
Rami Khalil, Information security

Rami developed an interest in decentralized currencies and infrastructure recently in 2016. While
currently pursuing a Masters in Information Security at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology
in Zurich, Rami researches payment channels as part of his studies and designs and implements
core Gnosis functionality. Previously, he interned in Silicon Valley, and was an ACM ICPC World
Finalist.

7.2

Board & Advisors
Joseph Lubin (Board member)

Co-founder of Ethereum and founder of ConsenSys. An academic background in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from Princeton University and research experience in the field of
Robotics Learning. Former VP of Technology at Goldman Sachs in the Private Wealth Management
Division.
Jeremy Millar (Board member)

Chief of staff at ConsenSys. As Chief of Staff, Jeremy oversees many of the Enterprise activities
and strategic initiatives of the firm. Previously, Jeremy Millar was founder and managing partner
of Ledger Partners. Ledger Partners developed out of Jeremys increasing focus and passion for
the blockchain and bitcoin ecosystem. This began with what was supposed to be a blog post that

7.2 Board & Advisors

35

became arguably the most comprehensive report to date on what is happening in the world of bitcoin
and blockchain startups which you can see here: http://bit.ly/1Zq2Pvy. Jeremy began his
career as one of the first Java architects at Oracle, before moving into sales management and strategy
roles, both within Oracle and at a number of start-ups. He went on to complete his MBA at Oxford
University before joining the M&A team at Goldman Sachs. Jeremy was a founding partner at
Magister Advisors, advising fintech and SaaS companies across Europe. He is also an active angel
investor and mentor with the Barclays Accelerator powered by Techstars.
James Slazas

20 years of capital markets experience, initially on the futures exchanges of the CME and La Matif.
Managed a proprietary derivative arbitrage and structured products book for Lehman Brothers. Also,
held $1B in emerging market credit risk for Lehmans London, Swiss and Hong Kong banks for
HNW clients. James managed a life settlement hedge fund uniquely acquiring longevity risk for
limited partnership units.
Robin Hanson

Robin Hanson is an associate professor of economics at George Mason University and a research
associate at the Future of Humanity Institute of Oxford University. He is known as an expert on
idea futures and markets, and he was involved in the creation of the Foresight Institutes Foresight
Exchange and DARPAs FutureMAP project. He invented market scoring rules like LMSR (Logarithmic Market Scoring Rule) used by prediction markets such as Gnosis, and has conducted research
on signaling.
Jason Trost

Founder and CEO of Smarkets (>$1.5B betting exchange). Prior to founding Smarkets, Jason was
an application developer at UBSs Global Asset Management (New York) where he focused on
innovative web technologies. Jason founded internet startup Descipher, a consumer medical website
and has also been an equities trader at Great Point Capital (Chicago).
Vitalik Buterin

Founder of Ethereum, Ethereum Chief Scientist. Vitalik Buterin is a Russian born programmer and
writer primarily known as a co-founder of Ethereum and as a co-founder of Bitcoin Magazine. Vitalik
helped to develop Gnosis auction mechanism and is involved in the crypto-economic experiments
conducted by Gnosis.

8. Legal Considerations

Due to our aspirations for what Gnosis may one day become, the Gnosis team exercised extreme
legal diligence in the lead-up to our launch. This diligence includes significant expenditures on
several law firms around the globe to evaluate the implications of our structure, token launch, and
operations. In the United States, weve worked closely with Perkins Coie. In our home jurisdiction
of Gibraltar, weve worked closely with Isolas. Due to the retrospective nature of regulatory action,
the Gnosis team can make no guarantees regarding the legality of the platform or launch in any given
jurisdiction. Regardless, we are confident in, and proud of, the work weve done to shape Gnosis
into what we hope is a model of regulatory compliance for decentralized applications and token
launches. We will be responsive and collaborative with any regulators as necessary going forward.

8.1

Legal Implications of Token Launches
GNO tokens are functional utility tokens within the Gnosis platform. GNO tokens are not securities.
GNO tokens are non-refundable. GNO tokens are not for speculative investment. No promises
of future performance or value are or will be made with respect to GNO, including no promise
of inherent value, no promise of continuing payments, and no guarantee that GNO will hold any
particular value. GNO tokens are not participation in the Company and GNO tokens hold no rights
in said company. GNO tokens are sold as a functional good and all proceeds received by Company
may be spent freely by Company absent any conditions. GNO tokens are intended for experts in
dealing with cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software systems.

8.2

Legal Landscape for Prediction Markets
As discussed herein, prediction markets are an area of interest for many regulators around the globe,
including those within the United States. Though we feel decentralization holds great promise, we
must, and intend to, operate our business in accordance with the laws of relevant jurisdictions. As
such, Gnosis may not be immediately available in certain jurisdictions. The Gnosis team and our
advisors are aggressively pursuing strategies to bring the benefits of Gnosis and the information

38

Chapter 8. Legal Considerations

sharing economy to the globe as quickly as possible. First steps may include obtaining financial or
gaming licenses as required by law.

9. Gnosis Architecture

Gnosis is still under heavy development and will be for a while. Parts in this section are subject to
change.

9.1

Systems Architecture
Gnosis aims to be a fully decentralized, serverless prediction market application framework. Gnosis
achieves this goal by utilizing existing technologies like Ethereum and IPFS advancing their features
with new solutions like state-channels for scalable applications.

9.1.1

Core Components
The Gnosis core components consist mainly of four technologies, which are combined in a easy-touse javascript library gnosis.js. Used technologies include:
1. Ethereum allows to run decentralized code with smart contracts, making transfer and settlement of assets simple and censorship resistant. Gnosis is using Ethereum for creation of
events and markets. Every prediction market trade and every settlement is ultimately done on
this layer.
2. IPFS allows to store static files in a distributed file system. It is using distributed hash tables
to distribute files. Gnosis is using IPFS to store all static files gnosis.js or any UI element. In
addition meta information of events is stored in IPFS.
3. GnosisDB tries to compensate the shortcomings of Ethereum and IPFS, which come without
search capabilities. GnosisDB offers a distributed, scalable search combining on-chain with
off-chain data and will be used to query event descriptions of prediction markets.
4. GNODEX is a decentralized exchange to trade predictive assets (prediction market outcome
tokens) using state channels. State channels allow to scaleout transaction capacity of Ethereum,
which is needed to make Gnosis prediction markets accessible to a large scale of users.

40

Chapter 9. Gnosis Architecture

Figure 9.1: Gnosis architecture

9.2

Contract Architecture
The Gnosis smart contract design follows a very modular contract structure making it easy to split
functionalities to upgrade or reuse parts. The current Gnosis implementation consists of over 25
smart contracts ranging from market makers to different oracle solutions. All of them have been
written in Solidity.
For every prediction market two objects have to be created: An event object referencing a real
world event and a market object, which connects the market maker with the event. Once the event
occurred, the event can be resolved and winnings can be redeemed.

9.2.1

Event Factory
The event factory contract allows to create new event contracts, which can be used to resolve markets.
Every event contract has the following (main) properties:
1. Oracle
2. Outcome tokens
3. Collateral token
Oracle

The event references an oracle contract, which will resolve the event. Gnosis is agnostic towards
oracles and allows to use any contract as oracle, which is implementing the oracle interface.
Outcome Tokens

Events can resolve to a number in a range (ranged event) or an outcome out of a list of outcomes. An
example for a ranged event is the Apple stock price on date X. An example for a non-ranged event
would be the winner of the World Cup on date X, which has a list of teams as outcomes. For every
outcome, an ERC20 compatible outcome token is created. Ranged events are represented with two
outcome tokens for long and short positions. Non-ranged events have an outcome token for every
defined outcome. Every outcome has a probability between 0% and 100%. All outcomes together

9.2 Contract Architecture

41

Figure 9.2: Contract architecture
add up to the probability of 100%. After an event is resolved the outcome is known. The winning
outcome has now the probability of 100%. All other losing outcomes have the probability of 0%.
Collateral Token

The ERC20 compatible collateral token defines the currency in which the event is traded. It is
possible to generate and redeem a full set of outcome tokens for 1 collateral token, because all
outcomes together always have the same probability of 100%.
Assuming there is an event with two outcomes and a user invests 10 collateral tokens he will
receive 10 outcome tokens for every outcome. The user decides to bet on outcome 1 and sells all
outcome tokens for outcome 2. The price he can ask for outcome 2 tokens, depends on the markets
estimate on outcome 2 will be the winning outcome. Assuming the market believes that outcome 2
will happen with 70% probability, 10 outcome 2 tokens can be sold for 7 collateral tokens. Hence
the user invested 10 - 7 = 3 collateral tokens for 10 outcome 1 tokens. When the event occurred and
outcome 1 was the winning outcome, the 10 outcome 1 tokens can be redeemed for 10 collateral
tokens and the user earned a profit of 7 collateral tokens.
Common collateral tokens will be ether tokens or stable coins, which allow to trade without
additional currency fluctuation risk.
Outcome Tokens as Collateral Token - Conditional Markets

Outcome tokens are ERC20 compatible and can be used as collateral tokens for other events.
The interesting feature of outcome tokens is, that they only have a value when the outcome they
represent occurred. Trading an event using an outcome token as collateral implies that the event is
only relevant under the assumption that the outcome occurred. This allows to create events with
conditional probabilities.
Assuming we want to predict, how the potential change of the Microsoft CEO affects the
Microsoft stock price, we create two events:
1. Will Steve Ballmer be CEO of Microsoft end of 2014?

42

Chapter 9. Gnosis Architecture

Outcomes: Yes, No
2. What is Microsoft stock price end of 2014?
Outcome: Any number
The first event can use Ether as collateral token but for the second market, we use the No outcome
token representing the outcome Steve Ballmer is not CEO of Microsoft end of 2014. Any market
using the second event is predicting the stock price of Microsoft end 2014 under the assumption that
Steve Ballmer is no longer CEO end 2017.
9.2.2

Market Factory
The market factory allows to create new market contracts, which allow to trade outcome tokens on
markets with a market maker. Every market contract has the following (main) properties:
1. Event
2. Market maker
3. Market fee
Event

A market is always associated to an event and has to be funded in the events denomination. The
market maker buys and sells event outcome tokens via the event contract.
Market Maker

A market maker contract like the LMSR market maker allows trading of outcome tokens. The LMSR
calculates prices for event outcome tokens based on demand using a logarithmic market scoring
rule. The higher the demand the higher the price for the outcome token is. Assuming an event was
resolved the demand for the winning outcome token will be so high that the price converges towards
1.
Market Fee

If a market maker is created the creator can define an optional fee - essentially a spread between bid
and ask. This collected fee can compensate the market creator for the the initial funding he spent on
the market maker to give the initial liquidity.

9.3

Oracle Architecture
While all other parts of a prediction market can be automatically executed by smart contracts on
the blockchain, the somehow need to get the information about what happened in the real world
to decide which outcome tokens have to be paid out. The Gnosis platform is oracle agnostic. Any
contract can serve as an oracle so any oracle solution that will be development on Ethereum might
be used by Gnosis. However, we do not only rely on external oracles, we developed a few our self.
Different applications will have different oracle needs regarding resolution speed, decentralization or
trust needs and costs. We anticipate 4 categories of oracles:
1. On chain oracles
2. Centralized oracles
3. Decentralized oracles
4. Hybrid oracles (centralized first + dec. as a backstop)

9.3 Oracle Architecture
9.3.1

43

On-chain Oracles
We can directly provide an oracle about on-chain information. All that is needed is a simple interface
contract that makes sure that the data is available in the right format. A few examples for this kind of
data:
1. What will the difficulty be at block x?
2. What will be the price of a specific token on a decentralized exchange in one month?
3. Futarchy - will a DAO accept a specific proposal?
While the number of those use cases is limited today it will only grow. We can see Gnosis
markets complementing almost every DApp project on Ethereum.

9.3.2

Centralized Oracle
For some applications it will just be fine to rely on a single data provider. In some cases there is just
a single source of truth - e.g. a sensor measurement by a specific sensor, or game results from the
NFL. If those data are available in a structured format only a signature of the issuer is necessary to
make them smart contract compatible. We know that more and more institutions are looking into
making their data smart contract compatible. However - in the meantime a trusted data signer might
as well be for some applications the best solution. It is important to note that the signer (oracle) does
not need to know about the prediction market or even Ethereum. Once the right outcome is signed
anyone can submit this data to the blockchain and the smart contract will evaluate the signature.
Centralised oracle providers that we have already integrated or are planning to include https:
//www.realitykeys.com/, http://www.oraclize.it/ and https://smartcontract.com/.

9.3.3

Decentralized Oracle
Many proposal have been made for how to implement decentralized oracles. The common scheme is
that the truth is a schelling point. Different decentralized oracle mechanisms usually set up various
coordination games where participants are voting in an economically incentivised way. If they vote
along with the majority they gain some value, if they vote against the majority they lose value.
Projects implementing those schemes include Augur, Aeternity, Reality Token. All of these projects
could (maybe slightly modified) be used on Gnosis. We tried to use the essence of those concepts
and came up with a solution that does not have any operating costs. In contrast the Augur concept
expects individuals to actively and regularly report on the outcome of events. Gnosis in contrast
will use a concept called the Ultimate Oracle with the big advantage of not having any operation
costs.
In the concept anyone can make a claim that a specific event had a specific outcome by putting
money on the line. This claim can be disputed by anyone by putting more money on the line on
an alternative outcome. The Ultimate Oracle will decide on an outcome if it continues to be the
frontrunner (outcome with most money behind it) for a specific period of time (e.g. 24h). In this case
all money that is put on losing outcomes will be distributed to those putting money on the winning
outcome. To avoid that people will put money on the winning outcome shortly before it is confirmed
the amount is capped at a proportion of the amount of money on the other outcomes. A concrete implementation can be found here: https://github.com/ConsenSys/gnosis-contracts/blob/
master/contracts/solidity/Oracles/UltimateOracle.sol. A discussion about the game
theoretical reasoning behind this concept can be found here.

Chapter 9. Gnosis Architecture

44

Figure 9.3: The "Ultimate Oracle"

9.3.4

Hybrid Oracles
In practice mainly combinations of those models will be used. For cost and resolution time reasons
a centralized oracle will be used first. The oracle will publish a result as fast as possible (could
be within seconds after an event occurs). This will trigger a dispute period. The length of the
dispute period could be determined by the latest trading prices of the prediction market. If the
suggested outcome traded close to 1 the market already agreed on this outcome and the dispute
period can be very short. During this period anyone can trigger a dispute at some costs and give
the responsibility for the outcome to a more decentralized or more secure oracle - e.g. a 3 out of
5 oracle. If the outcome of this oracle will still be disputed a fully decentralized oracle like the
Ultimate Oracle can be used as a mechanism of last resort. This approach combines the low
cost, high speed advantages of centralized oracles without compromising with the security that
comes from a fully decentralized oracle which is used as a backstop. Find a implementation of
this hybrid model here: https://github.com/ConsenSys/gnosis-contracts/tree/master/
contracts/solidity/Oracles.

9.3.5

Oracle Standard for Event Descriptions
It does not make sense to store the full plain text event description on the blockchain. For this
reasons we have in coordination with other oracle providers defined a standard format to store event
information in a JSON file together with a deterministic process to generate an unique identifier for
such an event description.

9.4 gnosis.js

45

Figure 9.4: Hybrid Oracles

9.4

gnosis.js
gnosis.js is a free, easy-to-use javascript library, which can be used by anyone to create applications
on top of Gnosis. gnosis.js combines the interfaces exposed by all four core components adding
wrapping functions to allow for easy trading and creation of events, markets and oracles. An alpha
version can be found here.
gnosis.js is used by the Gnosis administration tool offering a standard generic interface to
manage prediction markets. An alpha version of the admin interface can be found here: https:
//admin.gnosis.pm/

9.5
9.5.1

GNODEX
State Channels
State channels allow transactions to occur without requiring them to be sent to the blockchain
immediately. Transactions are exchanged in the form of signed messages which guarantee the
transactions future execution on the blockchain. The speed for such transactions is not limited by
the block time, but by the speed of the channel used to exchange the signed messages. Additionally,
the number of transactions are not limited by the block size or gas limit of the blockchain, but by the
bandwidth of the exchange channel. In short, state channels allow an almost unlimited number of
transactions with almost instant finality.
The difference between regular blockchain transactions and state channels is similar to the
difference between a regular bank transaction and a bank check. Instead of sending a transaction
via a bank and waiting for their confirmation, one can sign a check independently and exchange
it with someone else. However, unlike the bank check, which might be not covered, state-channel
transactions are cryptographically signed and can be verified by anyone.

9.5.2

Off-chain Order Books
The use of state channels is crucial to the development of an order book for a decentralized exchange,
as the speed and volume of transactions in an exchange factors critically into its usability and cost
effectiveness. An off-chain order book that operates with minimal trust and can be audited or

46

Chapter 9. Gnosis Architecture

disputed by anyone through submitting cryptographically signed orders to the blockchain, if the
order book misbehaves, is the goal of our implementation.
The Open Order Problem

Although cryptography renders the orders themselves tamperproof, it does not resolve a form of
market manipulation here on referred to as the open order problem. Market makers stand to lose
on markets if enough winning shares are bought from them, so they are incentivized not to include
unfavorable orders come settlement. Similarly, market participants may manipulate the market
by taking advantage of better network access to front run regular participants, degrading the user
experience for those traders without the resources to conduct high frequency trading.
To solve the open order problem, we use blinded batch auctions. Traders submit their orders
encrypted with a public encryption key, the orders are aggregated by the exchange, and a corresponding private key is published after the batch is resolved. The provider of the key pair will be a group
of independent servers running a distributed key generation protocol. That way, nobody is able
to manipulate the market as indicated unless they somehow corrupt the distributed key generation
service past a threshold of servers.
It should be noted that although orders may be blinded by the use of hash submissions followed
by the submission of the order after the batch period ends, that gives market participants the option
of failing to submit the order if it turns out to be unfavorable to them. This is why we have opted for
full encryption in this case.

9.6

GnosisDB
Ethereum promises censorship resistant, decentralized applications. However, as of today some parts
of a DApp stack are still served from some central services, which are controlled by a third party and
can be censored. One of those services is document search. Searching in a larger amount of data
is hardware intensive task, which benefits from centralized execution and thus is most efficiently
done by a remote service indexing data. In the case of Gnosis thousands of event descriptions for
prediction markets have to be served to DApps. We present an approach using smart contracts to
verify search results by using a smart contract as a judge to decide on censorship of results and
punishing bad behavior.
Ethereum allows to run decentralized applications, saving their state on the blockchain. However,
changing the state of applications and storing data is very costly. According to the yellow paper, the
fee is 20k gas to store a 256 bit word. Storing 1KB of data costs 0.0128 ETH (0.18 USD; 1ETH =
14.5USD): 20k  (1024/32)  20 GWei = 0.0128 ether.
Besides limited storage capabilities, searching for data on the blockchain is very difficult as well.
As of today, the only way to query the blockchain via JSON RPC is executing a call to a predefined
contract function. Searching across different contracts is very limited as the same access controls
apply as for regular transactions.
IPFS and Swarm on the other hand are protocols designed to create a permanent and decentralized
method of storing and sharing files. Storing is very cheap but both protocols come without search
capabilities.
Our approach allows everyone to add records to a public database, making all records searchable
from any DApp. Search results can be verified and censorship can be detected, resulting in a
punishment of the search provider.

9.6 GnosisDB
9.6.1

47

Indexing Data
To allow a decentralized search, all indexed data should be available to everyone, so anyone is able
to start an indexing service based on the same data source. As the indexed data is too large to be
saved on the blockchain, alternative storage solutions like IPFS have to be used. Everyone can easily
add files to IPFS but the hash used to retrieve the data from IPFS is only known to the user adding
the file. To allow everyone discovering files included in the index, the IPFS hash of every file added
to the index should be saved on the blockchain as a reference.
This can be done by adding the IPFS hash to a merkle tree maintained in a smart contract.
By doing so, additional information available at transaction execution time, like the sender and
timestamp can be included in the root hash:
bytes32 rootHash = sha256(rootHash, documentHash, now, msg.sender);
By adding the IPFS hash to the hash chain, we can show anytime later, that an IPFS document
has been part of index at the time it was added. A merkle tree allows to prove membership but not
non-membership. An indexing service could provide search results containing documents, which are
not part of the merkle tree and it would be impossible to show that they are not part of the tree. A
simple approach to prove non-membership is by adding every IPFS hash to a Solidity mapping:
mapping (bytes32 => uint) documents;
The mapping maps IPFS hashes to the block number at the time the document was added. Proof
of non-membership is now very simple: Any IPFS object, which is not referenced in this mapping,
was never added to the index.
To inform indexing services about new documents, an Ethereum event should be triggered when
a new record is added. Every indexing service can listen to the blockchain for events and retrieve the
referenced files from IPFS to add them to their index. A newly started indexing service can iterate
over all events to load all IPFS objects and restore the entire index.

9.6.2

Query Data
One option to guarantee that a searchresult was not manipulated is indexing all data locally and
perform the query against the local index. This wont be a feasible option for most DApps as search
indexes can become very large. Another approach to ensure that results are not manipulated is to
make manipulation very costly. Everyone, who offers an indexing service, should put up a security
deposit. The indexing service will lose the deposit if manipulation can be detected. To detect
manipulation search results should be shared between clients receiving search results and other
indexing services, which can validate results.
Discover Indexing Service

Before any query can be answered, a connection has to be established between the DApp and the
indexing service.
The DApp has to perform a handshake with the indexing service:
1. A DApp sends out a whisper message asking for indexing services.
2. The indexing service responds with signed connection information (protocol, host, port).
3. The DApp waits for the first response and validates, that the indexing service address derived
from the signature has put up a security deposit. Two indicators can be used to determine the
selected indexing service:
(a) How big is the security deposit. The larger the deposit, the more expensive is manipulation.

Chapter 9. Gnosis Architecture

48

(b) The faster a whisper response arrives, the faster future queries will be responded, as the
indexer is most likely closer to the DApp user. This is important, if the communication
is solely done via whisper.
4. A direct IP connection can be established with the given information. In case the indexer or
the DApp user dont want to reveal their IP or have restricted access, queries can be send via a
1:1 whisper connection.
Sending Query

To make sure a result cannot be censored a query object has to define all conditions a document has
to meet. This can include keywords, which should appear in a document as well as an indication,
which documents should be included(e.g. all documents added up to block 300,000).
The query object sent by the user includes:
1. Query string Defines required document properties and sorting. The query could be defined in
a SQL like query language: Contains(title, "Gnosis") LIMIT 10; Block number
2. All documents added until this block number should be included in the search process.
The indexing service processes the query and returns a result object:
1. Result
A list of IPFS hashes, sorted by their ranking.
2. Indexing service signature
Indexing service sings its result together with the user defined query string and defined block
number.
The DApp receives the result object and validates the indexing service signature. To validate
the result the DApp can forward the result to a validation service. Validation can be done by any
other indexing service. The validator runs the query and validates that its result is equal to the result
received by the DApp. If the result should differ, the validation service can challenge the result via
the judge smart contract. The validation service has to prove that there is one document, which
matches the query and has a higher ranking score than a document included in the result with a
higher ranking. If this can be proven, the indexing service delivering the wrong result loses its
security deposit, which could be credited to the validator.
There are three ways an indexing service can manipulate results:
1. Indexing service includes documents, which are not part of the index.
2. Indexing service excludes documents, which are part of the index.
3. Ranking score of objects is manipulated and they are returned in false order.
To prove manipulation the judge contract has to receive the following information for validation:
1. Query string
2. Block number
3. Result documents
4. Challenged document
5. Challenge document
6. Indexing service signature
The Judge contract validates:
1. Is indexing service signature is valid?
If the address derived from the signature doesnt match the address of the security deposit
holder, the validation process is stopped.

9.6 GnosisDB

49

2. Is challenged document part of result documents?
The challenged document has to be part of the result documents returned by the indexing
service. The validation process stops otherwise.
3. Is challenged document not part of index up to the defined block number?
Using the document mapping, the validator can easily prove that the challenged document
was not part of the index at the defined block number. The indexing service would lose its
security deposit in this case.
4. Is challenge document part of index up to the defined block number.
The challenge document provided by the validator has to be part of the index at the time of the
block defined in the query. If this is not the case, the validation process stops.
5. Has challenge document higher ranking score than challenged document but has lower
ranking position in result or is not included in result at all.
To prove manipulated ranking positions, the ranking algorithm itself has to be validated in the
smart contract. The ranking scores for the challenge and challenged document are calculated
and compared. If the challenged document has a higher ranking but a lower ranking score than
the challenge document, the result was manipulated and the indexing service loses its deposit.
Exclude Data

IPFS has no guarantee for data being available. Unintentional loss of data or intentional not
publishing of IPFS data can occur. A possible attack would be to add an IPFS document hash to
the smart contract maintaining the index merkle tree but never publish the document. The attacker
could reveal the missing document in the validation process later on and show that this document
should have been included in the search result. Because it is impossible to detect this in a smart
contract, the validator would challenge the result successfully and receive the indexing services
security deposit. For this reason, an indexing service should be able to exclude missing documents
from its results explicitly. A hash of all missing docs should be included in the signed result. If an
indexing service is excluding available documents, it wont be punished but a validator can respond
to the DApp that it owns one of the documents excluded by the indexing service. If the DApp detects
multiple cases of falsely declared missing docs, the DApp should consider switching the indexing
service. In addition, if a DApp receives results containing IPFS hashes of objects, which are missing
and cannot be loaded, the DApp should consider switching the indexing service as well.

Invest in the future and change the world for the better

Whitepaper v 1.1
(updated)

CONTENTS
LEGAL DISCLAIMERS..............................................................................................................................................3
	

Risk Disclosure............................................................................................................................................3

INTRODUCTION.....................................................................................................................................................6
ABOUT HACKSPACE CAPITAL...........................................................................................................................8
	

Background and Structure...................................................................................................................8

	Mission.............................................................................................................................................8
	Vision..............................................................................................................................................9
	

Management Team..................................................................................................................................9

HACKSPACE  ENCATA PARTNERSHIP.........................................................................................................13
	EnCata...........................................................................................................................................13
	

Development Process of Hardware Startups............................................................................14

HACKSPACE  WORKING RELATIONSHIP...............................................................................................15
HACKSPACE CAPITAL DEAL FLOW...............................................................................................................17
	HandEnergy..........................................................................................................................17
	

Smart Pourer..............................................................................................................................................18

	

Smart Cup...................................................................................................................................................18

	

Sleep Capsule............................................................................................................................................19

	

Clean & Pure...............................................................................................................................................19

	Circl.................................................................................................................................20
HACKSPACE TOKEN SALE................................................................................................................................21
	

Token Sale  General Information................................................................................................21

	

HAC Token Sale Overview...............................................................................................................22

	

Rights and Opportunities of TOKEN holders..........................................................................23

	

Use of Proceeds ....................................................................................................................................23

	

Term Sheet.................................................................................................................................................26

	

Token Sale Bonuses and Referrals.............................................................................................27

CONCLUSION..............................................................................................................................29

 Hackspace Capital 2017

2 of 30

LEGAL DISCLAIMERS
Risk Disclosure
This White Paper is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or
solicitation to sell shares or securities or any other investment instrument in Hackspace
Capital (HACKSPACE) or any affiliated company in any jurisdiction.
The HACKSPACE tokens (HAC TOKENS) discussed in this White Paper are not intended
to resemble a security (debt or equity) in any form in any jurisdiction. HAC TOKENS are a
payment mechanism for products and services developed and offered on the HACKSPACE
network. HAC TOKENS are NOT intended for speculative use and any speculative buyers of
HAC TOKENS risk significant financial loss.
None of the information or analyses presented in this White Paper are intended to form
the basis for any investment decision, and no specific recommendations are intended.
Accordingly, this document does not constitute investment advice or counsel or
solicitation for investment in any security. Potential buyers of HAC TOKENS should consult
their personal legal, tax, financial and other professional advisors as to the implications of
buying HAC TOKENS.
This White Paper, or any part herein, may not be reproduced or distributed without
including the entirety of this section Risk Disclosure in any reproduction or distribution.
This White Paper, or any part herein, may not be reproduced and distributed to any country
or jurisdiction where distribution of this White Paper may be restricted or prohibited.
HACKSPACE expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential
loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from: (i) reliance on any
information contained in this document, (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such
information or (iii) any action resulting therefrom.
Regulatory Issues
No regulatory agency in any country or jurisdiction has examined or approved the
information set out in this White Paper. The publication and distribution of this document
does not imply that the applicable laws, rules or regulatory requirements in any jurisdiction
have been complied with.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

3 of 30

HACKSPACE has engaged and received advice from legal counsel in the United States of
America, European Union (EU), Russian Federation and Peoples Republic of China regarding
regulatory issues as they relate to HAC TOKENS. As the regulatory environment regarding
Token Sales in the USA is uncertain and changing, HACKSPACE will wait until receiving
recommendations from its legal counsel before offering HAC TOKENS to the general public
in the United States. As such, the first emission of HAC TOKENS envisioned in this White
Paper (19 September, 2017) is not available to USA citizens, green card holders or tax
residents. HACKSPACE will ask any potential buyer to confirm prior to registration that
they are not a US citizen, green card holder or tax resident.
Together with its US legal advisor, HACKSPACE will continue to monitor the regulatory
environment in the US regarding Token Sales and as appropriate adjust its policy prior to
subsequent emissions of HAC TOKENS.
Caution regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This White Paper discusses the plans and forecasts of HACKSPACE as regarding its work
with EnCata and investment into and development of hardware technology startups. It
must be emphasized that these forward- looking statements do not reflect historical facts
but the future plans of HACKSPACE.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other factors which may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of
HACKSPACE to materially differ from those discussed or anticipated in the White Paper.
These risk factors include, among others:
HACKSPACE may be unable to realize the plans for investment and product development
discussed in this document due to:
		
Poor investment decisions
		
Changes in customer preferences/market conditions
		
Unavailability of talented/qualified workforce
		
Insufficient capital to fully develop network/products
Changes in legal, social, and economic conditions in the countries where HACKSPACE
operates which could negatively impact the operations of HACKSPACE and the companies
it has invested in.
Changes in the regulation of crypto-currencies and blockchain networks which could limit
the ability of HACKSPACE to legally operate as planned in certain countries or jurisdictions.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

4 of 30

Catastrophic or long-term technical or security failures in the Ethereum Blockchain.
Dramatic changes in exchange rates between HAC TOKENS and other crypto or fiat
currencies.
Force Majeure circumstances such as wars, acts of terrorism, natural disasters or other acts
of God.
The above risk factors and others could have a negative impact on the ability of HACKSPACE
to fulfill its business plan, potentially resulting in a lack of liquidity or products for HAC
TOKEN holders. This could lead to significant deterioration of value of HAC TOKENS and
financial loss for owners of HAC TOKENS.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

5 of 30

INTRODUCTION
Hackspace Capital (HACKSPACE) is creating a dynamic new bridge between the worlds of
cryptocurrencies/blockchain technologies and crowdfunding. HACKSPACE has partnered
with EnCata LLC (EnCata) - an elite design engineering/prototyping company for hi-tech
startups - to bring to the public both a new cryptocurrency and blockchain eco-system
as well as an ongoing series of cutting edge hardware products and related services on
which to spend the currency.
HACKSPACE will launch a Token Sale on September 19, 2017 at 9 PM Singapore time
(UTC +8). Similar to other crowdfunding campaigns for hardware products, buyers
of the HACKSPACE coins (HAC TOKENS) will be entitled to use their HAC TOKENS
to acquire newly developed hardware products and services from the HACKSPACE
portfolio of companies (PORTFOLIO) and partner companies. Unlike traditional
crowdfunding campaigns, however, HAC TOKENS will allow token holders to acquire
not just one piece of a product in its design-to-manufacture stage but any product
or service in the PORTFOLIO at up to a 20% discount and up to 3 months before the
official market entry.
In the brief history of Token Sales, HACKSPACE is providing the first and only opportunity
for both investors and users of hi-tech connected products to participate in a range of
hardware startups in their early stages and gain access to hi-tech R&D services.
The proceeds from this Token Sale will be used to:
	
Invest in existing and future hardware startups which will provide goods and
services for HAC TOKEN holders.
	
Build a factory for mass producing the products developed by HACKSPACE startups
to reduce costs, control quality and accelerate the process.
	
Develop hackerspaces, R&D centers and a startup academy to aid and develop
future inventors and entrepreneurs to assure a perpetual volume of quality products for
HAC TOKEN holders.

HAC TOKENS can be freely bought, sold and traded on the HACKSPACE platform or other
liquid exchanges, and thus individuals looking to acquire certain products through the
PORTFOLIO can purchase the HAC TOKENS from existing holders on the exchange platform
and receive up to a 20% discount on their desired product or service within its ecosystem.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

6 of 30

HACKSPACE expects the exclusive and high quality deal flow via EnCata and the fact that
certain products, services and discounts will be available only to token holders will create
long-term ongoing demand for the HAC TOKENS.
This White Paper will expand on the following four key elements of HACKSPACE and the
HAC Token Sale:
	

HACKSPACE
	
Background and Structure
	Mission
	Vision
	
Management Team
HACKSPACE partnership with EnCata
	
Background of EnCata
	
Development of Hardware Startups
	
HACKSPACE-EnCata Working Relationship
HACKSPACE Deal Flow and Current Projects
HACKSPACE Token Sale
	
Token Sal General Information
	
Token Sal Overview
	
Rights of HAC TOKEN Holders
	
Use of Proceeds
	
Term Sheet
	
HAC TOKEN Distribution and Bonuses

 Hackspace Capital 2017

7 of 30

ABOUT HACKSPACE CAPITAL
Background and Structure
HACKSPACE is a company formed in 2017 for the purpose of investing in and developing
the most promising early stage technology hardware and connected hardware startups
identified by its strategic partner, the engineering catalyst EnCata.
HACKSPACE also serves as an online platform/shop, where people can acquire products and
services created and offered by HACKSPACE startups and partner companies. HACKSPACE
provides startups with multilayered support such as: organization of administrative
processes, legal support, business consulting, coordination and supervision of the projects
life cycle, marketing via its partner companies, R&D, scientific research, engineering
development and preparations for mass production.

Mission
The founders of HACKSPACE are driven by the goal of building and improving upon
successful ideas and technologies for the betterment of humanity. In the case of this Token
Sale, HACKSPACE wants to expand upon and improve the game changing crowdfunding
concept for technology hardware products.
While similar to crowdfunding in that buyers of HAC TOKENS (BUYERS) purchase
products before they are fully developed and produced, with HAC TOKENS the BUYERS
are protected from losing their money if a product is never fully developed. This is because
the HAC TOKENS they acquire via their initial purchase can be used on any product or
service developed in the HACKSPACE PORTFOLIO.
Thus, while some companies and products invested in by HACKSPACE might fail (although
the direct working relationship between HACKSPACE and EnCata will reduce the likelihood
of such failure), the HACKSPACE funding structure means that BUYERS will never lose their
money via individual product/company failure as BUYERS can use their HAC TOKENS for
another HACKSPACE developed product or simply sell their HAC TOKENS to others.
The founders of HACKSPACE believe this will not only protect BUYERS from financial loss,
but also accelerate the development of products via crowdfunding efforts, thus increasing

 Hackspace Capital 2017

8 of 30

the amount of innovative and beneficial products for society at large.

Vision
The Token Sale and creation of a blockchain platform for the rapid development and
distribution of the most promising hardware technology products is just the first stage in
the vision the HACKSPACE founders have for improving the world through engineering.
HACKSPACE wants to expand beyond its initial product development/distribution
platform to create a worldwide engineering ecosystem to provide talented young
inventors and entrepreneurs the ability to most quickly and efficiently realize their dream
products. HACKSPACE plans to use funds from its development to create hackspaces1 and
infrastructure in key global innovation hotspots to train and foster the next generation
of inventors and entrepreneurs. In an increasingly divided world, the HACKSPACE team
believes in the powerful combination of creative young minds using science and technology
to develop products which heal divisions and help create common experiences and unity
among the disparate peoples of the world.

Management Team

Mikhail Zhyvets
CEO at Hackspace Capital
Systems Engineering degree from the Belorussian State University of Information and
Radioelectronics. Mikhail has been involved in the game development industry as an
engineer, company founder and executive manager for 12+ years. His most famous title
World of Tanks has generated more than $1 billion in revenue; among the top five free
online games in the world.

1

Hackspaces can be defined as social places for engineers and tech-entrepreneurs with certain manufacturing and office facilities

which create a collaborative environment where new hardware startups and engineering teams can emerge.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

9 of 30

Oleg Kondrashov
CTO at Hackspace Capital, CEO at EnCata
Oleg Kondrashov graduated from the faculty of Mathematics and Mechanics of Belarus
State University. CEO and founder of EnCata, the leading engineering catalyst in the CIS.
Founder and CEO of BDC Air, BDC Holding and BDC, ALC. An expert on LEAN management
and production, Mr. Kondrashov is a frequent speaker on innovative technology at
international seminars and conferences. He was named Minsk Person of the Year 2016 for
Industrial Innovation.

Michael Tavis
CFO at Hackspace Capital
Michael Tavis is a US citizen with undergraduate and graduate degrees from Dartmouth
College and Princeton University. He was previously a Citicorp investment banker and
managing director of the $340 million Russian American Enterprise Fund. Before joining
Hackspace Capital, Mr. Tavis has been founding, investing in and managing a series of startup manufacturing companies in Eastern Europe.

Dr. Petr Dudin
CCO at Hackspace Capital, Partner and SO at EnCata
Petr earned his BSc and MSc in chemistry from Belarus State University, following with PhD

 Hackspace Capital 2017

10 of 30

in nanotechnology from University of Warwick (UK). Petr then worked in management
consulting and in a private equity fund as an analyst, covering an investment portfolio
worth $50 million in equity. In 2015 Petr joined EnCata as a partner, implementing his
vision of catalyzing hi-tech and scientific ideas into marketable products.

Petr Sidelnikov
Financial Manager at Hackspace Capital
Petr is graduated from Belarus State Economics University (BSEU). Petr has 14 years of work
experience in finance. Petr was on the currency control board of the largest bank in Belarus,
followed by 6 years of experience as a senior financial analyst.

Fedor Mukin
CIO at Hackspace Capital
Fedor is a well-known developer and investor in the game development industry with
15+ years of experience. Fedor acted as the CEO of ARISE game studio, which originally
initiated development of the World of Tanks game (still holds the Guinness record for the
Most Players Online Simultaneously on one MOG Server). Under Fedors management
ARISE studio was successfully acquired by the Wargaming Company.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

11 of 30

Michael Vaga
Marketing Manager at Hackspace Capital, CEO at HandEnergy
Considered by many as a prodigious tech-entrepreneur, Michael is the inventor and founder
of the HandEnergy startup, which raised over $120,000 in a crowdfunding campaign and
drew much media attention from The Telegraph, BBC, Mashable and others. Michael is a
talented full-stack software programmer, design engineer and marketing wizard.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

12 of 30

HACKSPACE  ENCATA PARTNERSHIP
EnCata
A key element to HACKSPACE success is a constant pipeline of cutting edge technology
products to offer holders of HAC TOKENS and the public at large. HACKSPACE has thus
entered into a formal agreement with EnCata, the leading regional catalyst for hardware
startups, to receive an exclusive first look and right of refusal at investing into startups with
which EnCata is working.
EnCata (www.encata.net), is based in the dynamically evolving and engineering rich tech
hub of Minsk, Belarus. A December, 2016 Wall Street Journal article labeled: Belarus is
emerging as the Silicon Valley of Eastern Europe highlights the growing importance and
opportunity of Belarus as a hi-tech and development center. There are currently 40,000
Belorussian software engineers, and such popular applications as MSQRD, AIMATTER,
Viber, Klondike, Knights&Brigts, Zombie Farm and World of Tanks originated in Belarus.
EnCata, founded by 2016 Minsk Person of the Year for Industrial Innovation, Oleg
Kondrashov, employs nearly 100 developers, design and manufacturing engineers in
taking the most promising hardware startups from Russia, Belarus, Ukraine and Kazakhstan
from the good idea stage to a company with completed 3D design, manufacturing
documentation, bill of materials and fully functioning prototypes ready for mass production.
EnCata provides a fully integrated one stop service for tech entrepreneurs in order to
help them develop the most appealing and efficient products possible. EnCata not only
performs the necessary tasks of creating the engineering design documentation and
working prototypes, but also acts as a full service engineering consultancy in organizing
the most cost effective product development and manufacturing process. EnCata houses
all the necessary facilities in one place, including a design office, project office, its own
production managers and consultants, impressive world-class R&D facilities and an array
of industrial machinery for industrial prototype manufacturing. EnCata is working under
the philosophy of LEAN and Toyota Production System (TPS) that helps to manage the
entire Product Lifecycle. EnCata is able to impart its knowledge and experience with these
systems to its clients.
EnCata has become the darling of regional private investors, business angels and
incubators as EnCatas full service catalyst program provides the highest chance of success

 Hackspace Capital 2017

13 of 30

for hardware startups. It is fair to say that EnCata has virtually no quality competition in its
central markets of Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Kazakhstan and thus has a virtual monopoly in
seeing and working with the best startup teams and projects in the region.
Critically, for HACKSPACE, EnCata engagements require 3-6 months of close working
cooperation with the founders and management teams of the startups. Thus, EnCata
not only understands which are the most promising products emerging from the region,
but their close work with startup teams enables EnCata a lengthy period to evaluate the
quality of the management, which is arguably the most critical element of any successful
enterprise.
EnCatas R&D centers are the heart of the company, where EnCatas engineers develop
new designs and also manufacture sophisticated prototypes. R&D centers are built on the
Toyota Production System.

Development Process of Hardware Startups
EnCata utilizes the US Space Agency (NASA) Technological Readiness Level (TRL)
classification system to identify 1) the developmental stage of startups EnCata engages and
2) the necessary process to bring the company and the product ready for mass production
and market launch. TRL is based on the scale from 1 to 9, where 9 is a working technology
and a finished product fully prepared for the production chain. Most startups fail at TRL3/4 (lab demonstration and home-built prototypes) but EnCatas one stop program takes
companies from this stage through TRL-9, ready for mass production and public launch.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

14 of 30

TRL 1. 	

General principles observed and reported. Scientific knowledge generated,
general concept proposed.

TRL 2. 	

Concept formulated in greater details, applications identified and assessed.

TRL 3. 	

First lab demonstration, key predicted parameters validated.

TRL 4. 	

Key functionality demonstrated and documented in a form of MVP.

TRL 5. 	

Prototype or system elements validated in a relevant environment.

TRL 6.

Full-scale prototype demonstration .

TRL 7. 	

Prototype performance fully demonstrated in operational environment.

TRL 8.

Final configuration of the prototype demonstrated through a set of validated

	

tests. Production documentation completed.

TRL 9. 	

Final product entering the market.

HACKSPACE  ENCATA WORKING RELATIONSHIP
HACKSPACE and EnCata have agreed that EnCata will identify to HACKSPACE its most
promising hardware/connected hardware products and teams and HACKSPACE will have
the first exclusive opportunity to review and invest in these projects.
During the first nine months of 2017, EnCata has been engaged in approximately 50 projects
and identified 10 exceptional companies which it has referred to HACKSPACE. Most of
EnCatas projects involve Russian and Belorussian startups but have also recently included
projects in the USA and Oman. Start-up projects are brought to EnCata from sponsored
incubators or entrepreneurs who need a quality, reliable engineering catalyst to advance
their projects from early TRL stages to mass production readiness at TRL-9. Often, when
entrepreneurs bring projects to EnCata directly, EnCata will organize pre-seed funding to
provide the essential early financing. EnCata has been so successful in the quality and
reliability of its work with incubators, that it has established a relationship where it provides
an initial review of projects for the incubators to streamline the bureaucratic work of the
administrators. Incubators then pass their accepted projects back to EnCata for product
development and implementation.
When a startup, led by EnCata, has advanced its project to TRL-9, the startup needs to raise a

 Hackspace Capital 2017

15 of 30

seed funding round of capital to finance and bring to market the first mass produced batch
of its product. The required capital will generally be in the range of $500,000 - $2 million.
Its at this stage that EnCata will identify its absolutely best products and management
teams and refer them to HACKSPACE as a potential source of capital. With assistance from
EnCata, HACKSPACE then carries out a thorough due diligence of the product, market,
management team and capabilities of the startup. In addition to seed funding for mass
production, HACKSPACE/EnCata will assist the startup in branding of the product, creating
unique photo and video content, developing a marketing campaign for a loud launch of
the product on the international market, potentially creating and realizing a crowdfunding
campaign (for market evaluation and analysis); performing viral media campaigns and
direct advertising of the product in physical and digital media space.
As part of the investment protocol, HAC TOKEN holders (at a discount of up to 20% of the
advertised price) will be given priority in receiving the first run of the produced product.
As opposed to traditional crowdfunding campaigns where a buyer advances money prior
to full product development in order to be among the first to receive the product, HAC
TOKEN holders receive the same benefit of first delivery, but WITHOUT the risk that they
lose their money if the product is never delivered. HAC TOKENS are only exchanged for the
actual product or services introduced through the HACKSPACE platform.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

16 of 30

HACKSPACE CAPITAL DEAL FLOW
Currently, there are 10 hardware startups which EnCata has referred to HACKSPACE based
on what EnCata views as superior products with superior management. These products
(and most of the anticipated HACKSPACE products going forward) are primarily connected
hardware products, combining real world devices with sophisticated operational and/or
community oriented software.
Four of these projects are still in internal development and six are approaching TRL 9 and
ready for further investment in mass production and market entry. HACKSPACE expects
as many as 20 more projects will enter the pipeline by year end. The following describes in
more detail the six live projects which HACKSPACE intends to bring to market in the near
future.

HandEnergy (www.hand.energy)
HandEnergys revolutionary energy ball is the first portable generator of green energy
using only the movement of the human hand. Created by 19 year old prodigy Michael
Vaga, the device contains a unique generating system which via the gentle rotation of
the ball in your hand allows both electricity generation and energy storage for charging
mobile devices such as smartphones, portable speakers, etc... The initial model comes in
an attractive design in black and white. There is the option of Bluetooth synchronization
of the HandEnergy ball with a mobile device, and the ball itself can be used as a game
controller, owing to the accelerometer inside. The HandEnergy ball comes with its own
mobile App platform with the goal of creating a vibrant online community of HandEnergy
users engaged in different challenges and competitions. The device is light (only 280
grams), and if desired can be charged by a regular power outlet.
HandEnergy has raised more than $120K on crowdfunding platforms. There have been
many articles posted about the device on outlets such as The Telegraph, BBC, Mashable
and many others; and the HandEnergy promotional video on its website has been viewed
more than 10 million times!!!! HACKSPACE is making its first live investment in HandEnergy
and expects first delivery of the product in the fourth quarter 2017.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

17 of 30

Smart Pourer
Smart Pourer is a technically sophisticated pouring cap with a special contactless tag used
primarily to measure and record information regarding spirits and alcoholic beverages.
Smart Pourer provides very useful information for all participants in the production and
consumption of alcoholic drinks, from manufacturers to distributors to bars and restaurants
and finally the end consumer.
For the consumer, smart pourer is a valuable tool in measuring the gross amount of alcohol
consumed at a particular sitting or over a longer period of time such as a week or month.
At home or in a bar, the consumer can set a limit on alcohol consumption and smart pourer
will stop pouring or notify the participants (i.e. bartender) when the limit is reached. As
smart pourer measures the alcohol content of a drink, it can also be used by consumers to
keep bars and restaurants honest in not allowing them to water down drinks. The smart
pourer tag can be used as a payment device, allowing consumers to swipe their cards or
smartphones against the tag and be automatically billed for the drink. Finally, smart pourer
can monitor home consumption of alcohol, assuring that non-intended users (sorry kids!)
dont secretly raid the liquor supply.
Smart Pourer allows bars and restaurants to monitor consumption by clients (recently
bars have been sued by customers involved in drunk driving accidents), pouring habits of
bartenders and customer trends and preferences.
Finally, smart pourer provides valuable ongoing information to manufacturers and
distributors on which particular beverages are hot in which particular regions, etc
The smart pourer App will provide users with targeted statistics and records on all
information associated with the consumption of alcohol The App will also provide an
interactive feature, providing consumers information regarding nearby bars or restaurants
and the current availability of desired beverages.

Smart Cup
In keeping with a beverage theme, HACKSPACE will also bring to its HAC TOKEN holders a
smart cup for automated preparation of coffee, tea, baby food, soup and other beverages/
foods requiring temperature preparation and control.
Smart Cup comes with a user friendly mobile App that notifies you when the beverage

 Hackspace Capital 2017

18 of 30

is ready and maintains the desired temperature until the user is ready to consume it. The
smart cup is particularly safe and convenient for making baby food; it executes the cycle
of water boiling, preparation, cooling and temperature maintenance until your baby is
ready to eat. Its precise temperature control prevents any chance of your baby eating food
which is either dangerously hot or disappointingly cold.
Smart Cup owners will be able to purchase specially prepared capsules of tasty and
nutritious coffee, tea, babyfood, soup, etc, further simplifying the preparation process.

Sleep Capsule
It is not possible to overrate the importance of sleep. Sleep is the basis of our physical and
mental well being, our mood, creativity and efficiency. Aside from regular nighttime sleep,
it has been repeatedly proven that short rest during the day can be very beneficial to our
health, concentration and effectiveness. NASA researchers have shown that 20-30 minute
naps (NASA claims 26 minutes is the ideal nap time!) allow the sleeper to reach the critical
Stage 2 sleep cycle, enhancing alertness and concentration thereafter.
EnCata is currently engaged in a project developing a recreational portable sleep capsule
to facilitate 20-30 minute naps, either at the workplace, home or even in specially created
nap centers. The project, in coordination with clinical specialists and the Moscow RAS
Institution of Higher Nervous Activity has targeted the price of the capsule at less than
$5,000, roughly half the cost of similar products on the market.
A key component of the nap capsule is a special App which has been developed to control
the capsule from mobile devices. The App monitors the sleep cycle so that the nap ends
(with appropriate acoustic and light accompaniment) at the most wakeful phase (i.e. when
the body is ready to wake up) of the sleep cycle so one feels refreshed and alert. The App
also provides diagnostic information from each nap.

Clean & Pure
Neuroscientists have repeatedly proven the impact of overall air quality and aroma on our
mood, well being and effectiveness. HACKSPACE will introduce to its HAC TOKEN holders a
unique portable device for the creation and maintenance of a healthy microclimate inside
and around the workspace. The device is easily activated through connection by USB port
to a computer or through a regular electric outlet or power unit. Clean & Pure is of small

 Hackspace Capital 2017

19 of 30

size and thus easily fits on a corner of a standard work desk and can be taken home after
the workday to improve the home climate also.
A special mobile App has been developed for Clean & Pure which, among other things, will
maintain and control the device for air purification, ultrasonic humidification, ionization,
temperature and humidity control and the monitoring of oxygen and carbon dioxide levels.
In addition, the App and device can custom program aromatization of the work area, with
a variety of available scents. The device can also function as a portable air conditioner for
particularly hot days or office environments.

Circl
Circl is an innovative electric motorbike, or gyrocycle, with unique features. Thanks to
the frames tilt and relatively short length, Circl has quick turning capability and high
maneuverability, allowing it to navigate traffic and city obstacles with a minimum reduction
in speed. Circls large wheel diameter and increased clearance allow equal comfort on
city streets or country roads and the wheel can be easily changed for snow conditions or
replaced by a float for continuing on water. Circls electronics are protected by a waterproof
frame and the unit is supplied with a hermetically sealed luggage rack and user friendly
mobile app for remote control.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

20 of 30

HACKSPACE TOKEN SALE
Token Sale  General Information
Token Sales have become very popular during the past two years as a means of fundraising
or crowdfunding, allowing startups mostly associated with cryptocurrencies and
blockchain technologies to raise funds from a diverse worldwide investor/client base to be
used to finance the startups products or services. In exchange for liquid cryptocurrencies
such as bitcoin or ether, investors/clients are provided with newly minted digital coins or
tokens issued by the sponsoring startup. These coins can be freely traded and their value
can be connected to the profitability or activities of the startup or can be exchanged for
future goods or services of the startup. Through August, 2017, more than $2 billion has
been raised via Token Sales.
The HACKSPACE Token Sale, as described in the following paragraphs, is similar to other
Token Sales in that HAC TOKENS can be freely traded for liquid cryptocurrencies or fiat
currencies. It differs from many Token Sales, however, because the HAC TOKENS are in
no way dependent on the operating results or profits of HACKSPACE, but instead can
always be traded for tangible developed products and top-notch engineering services of
the HACKSPACE companies. In this way, the HACKSPACE Token Sale more resembles an
improved version of a crowdfunding campaign.
Similar to crowdfunding campaigns, HAC TOKEN holders pre-fund the development of
tangible products or services, but crucially, HAC TOKENS are freely tradable so if the desired
product never reaches the market or the HAC TOKEN holder changes his mind, he can
simply sell/trade the TOKENS to others interested in the products. As HAC TOKEN holders
will be able to acquire HACKSPACE products and premium services introduced through
the HACKSPACE ecosystem up to 3 months before the official market entry and up to
20% below the advertised price, there should always be a strong demand for HAC TOKENS.
Thus, as opposed to traditional crowdfunding campaigns where buyers are tied to the
development of a particular product and risk losing their money if the product is never
developed, HAC TOKEN holders are free to sell their HAC TOKENS at any time on a liquid
exchange or HACKSPACE platform or use their HAC TOKENS for the purchase of different
products or services then they initially intended. This provides HAC TOKEN holders less risk
of loss and more flexibility than in standard crowdfunding campaigns.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

21 of 30

HAC Token Sale Overview
HACKSPACE has authorized the issuance of up to 1.000.000.000 (one billion) HAC TOKENS,
with 51% to be issued directly to the public in 12 monthly sessions of 24 hours each. The
first issuing session will be September 19, 2017. HAC TOKENS will be sold in an auction
format, with the price of the HAC TOKENS fixed at the completion of the auction.
Following the BitCoin emission scheme, each monthly HAC Token Sale session will issue
50% of TOKENS issued the previous month in line with the schedule shown below:

1st month

255 000 000

2nd month

127 500 000

3rd month

63 750 000

4th month

31 875 000

5th month

15 937 500

6th month

7 968 750

7th month

3 984 375

8th month

1 992 187

9th month

996 093

10th month

498 046

11th month

249 023

12th month

124 511

 Hackspace Capital 2017

22 of 30

Rights and Opportunities of TOKEN holders
Buyers of HAC TOKENS will have the right to:
	
Exchange HAC TOKENS for goods and services produced by the HACKSPACE
network of companies. HAC TOKEN HOLDERS will receive the products up to 3 months in
advance and at a significant discount to the general market.
	
Exchange HAC TOKENS for engineering services with minimal contracts and
paperwork, significantly reducing the barriers between engineering service providers and
their clients.
	
Freely exchange HAC TOKENS for other crypto or fiat currencies on liquid exchanges
or sell HAC TOKENS via the HACKSPACE platform to buyers interested in acquiring
HACKSPACE goods and services.
HACKSPACE believes that the opportunity to acquire goods and services of HACKSPACE
and partner companies at up to a 20% discount should always provide a liquid environment
and strong global demand for sellers of HAC TOKENS, given its products and services are at
the core of science and technology development.

Use of Proceeds
HACKSPACE will use the proceeds from the Token Sale to
	
Complete the development of its existing startup projects
	
Create its proprietary online platform
	
Hire specialized marketing, analytical and product development staff
	
Further develop its R&D and engineering infrastructure to support the premium
services offered through this Token Sale.
	
Build a production center to manufacture and reduce production costs of the
newly developed products of HACKSPACE portfolio startups.
	
Accelerate its project development pipeline
	
Create hackspaces and infrastructure in key global innovation hotspots to train and
mentor the next generation of inventors and entrepreneurs.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

23 of 30

Attracted investments

 Hackspace Capital 2017

Use of Proceeds

$5M

Finish the development of the online HAKERSPACE
platform Launch of HandEnergy official sales through
Amazon and other world retailers. International marketing
campaign,SMM. Technical support, analytics, tests and
examinations. Formation of a new team, recruiting of new
employees.
Investment in another startup (2 in total) and opening 1
hackerspace.

$10M

4 startups funded for mass-production.
4 hackerspaces to be opened.
Preparation and execution of crowdfunding campaigns
for market analysis. Development of an online shop and
international hardware platform.

$20M

9 startups funded for mass-production.
6 hackerspaces to be opened.
Further expansion and growth of the online platform
through sustainable sales.

$30M

4 startups funded for mass-production.
4 hackerspaces to be opened.
Major expansion in HACSPACE infrastructure: opening
1 factory for products mass-production.

$50M

8 startups funded for mass-production.
8 hackerspaces to be opened.
1 factory for products mass-production opened.
2 R&D centers opened.

$70M

20 startups funded for mass-production.
8 hackerspaces to be opened.
1 factory for products mass-production opened.
2 R&D centers opened.

$100M

30 startups funded for mass-production
8 hackerspaces to be opened
1 factory for products mass-production opened
2 R&D centers opened

24 of 30

 Hackspace Capital 2017

25 of 30

Term Sheet
Project Description

Hackspace Capital aims to create an innovative engineering
ecosystem with a network of elite technology companies
realizing their products and services on our platform.

Hackspace Capital

Hackspace Capital is a venture fund which finances cutting
edge hardware/connected hardware projects from the seed
stage through mass production.

Description
Token Symbol
Total Tokens

HAC
1 billion

authorized
Token Background

HAC is built as an ERC token on the Ethereum Blockchain

Start Date

19 September 2017,
9 PM Singapore time (UTC +8)
3 PM Munich time (UTC +1)
2 PM London time (UTC 0)
9 AM New York (UTC - 4)
4 PM Moscow (UTC +3)
10 PM Tokyo (UTC +9)
9 PM Beijing (UTC +8)

End Date

20 September 2018,
9 PM Singapore time (UTC +8)
3 PM Munich time (UTC +1)
2 PM London time (UTC 0)
9 AM New York (UTC - 4)
4 PM Moscow (UTC +3)
10 PM Tokyo (UTC +9)
9 PM Beijing (UTC +8)

Total Coin Offering

12 sessions, 24 hrs each

Sessions
Token Price

 Hackspace Capital 2017

Determined at completion of each monthly auction. Token
price will be determined post-factum, upon completion
of each Token Sale session, by simply dividing the [revenue
received from the Token Sale session] by the [number of
tokens sold].

26 of 30

Percentage of all HAC

51%

tokens for public
Percentage of all HAC

39%

tokens for Hackspace
Capital current and
future projects
(startups)
Percentage of all HAC

5%

tokens for marketing,
bounties, advisors,
bonuses etc
Percentage of all HAC

5%

tokens for long-term
alignment of interests
Target Amount Public

$100,000,000.00

Token Sales
(Not fixed)
Project Status

Live Company

On September 19, 2017 starting at 9 PM Singapore time (UTC +8) 255000000 (255 million)
of all tokens will be offered for purchase to the public, under the symbol HAC.

Token Sale Bonuses and Referrals
Each 24 hour monthly HAC Token Sale session will be divided into 4 stages:
1. Buyers of HAC TOKENS during the first 2 hour stage will receive a 50% HAC TOKEN
bonus.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

27 of 30

2. Buyers of HAC TOKENS during the next 4 hour stage will receive a 30% HAC TOKEN
bonus.
3. Buyers of HAC TOKENS during the next 16h stage will receive a 10% HAC TOKEN bonus.
4. Buyers of HAC TOKENS during the final 2 hour stage will not receive a HAC TOKEN bonus.
Beginning with the second scheduled auction of HAC TOKENS, HACKSPACE retains the
right to postpone or change the time and/or date of such auctions.
HACKSPACE TOKEN holders can also earn bonus HAC TOKENS via referrals. HAC TOKEN
holders will receive a bonus equal to 5% of the value of HAC TOKENS purchased by any
individual or group referred by them to HACKSPACE.

 Hackspace Capital 2017

28 of 30

CONCLUSION
Here, at HACKSPACE Capital, we believe that inventors are our future. We see our mission as
the creation of an innovative engineering ecosystem for young inventors throughout the
world. Our desire is that every talented inventor has access to all the necessary resources
to turn their ideas into reality as quickly and effectively as possible. Perhaps some of them
may not only improve our individual lives but also improve the world at large. Our aim is
the establishment of the worlds best engineering ecosystem with the fastest and most
organized process of product realization from idea stage to mass production.
We also believe that blockchain technology and cryptocurrency are the future of
transactions. For that reason, we are creating our own online platform where holders will
be able to exchange HAC TOKENS for products and services presented by our startups.
Considering the anticipated growth of HACKSPACE and the quantity of our present and
future startups, we expect that HAC TOKENS will become a convenient, liquid currency,
enabling an accelerated development of innovative products.
Aside from providing the development of world changing products, HACKSPACE believes
that the ability to exchange HAC TOKENS for any product in the HACKSPACE network (at up
to a 20% discount!) and freely sell HAC TOKENS to others who want those products, should
provide security and ongoing demand for the HAC TOKENS. Our ongoing investment into
the most exciting companies will provide a constant supply of desirable products on which
HAC TOKENS can be spent.
Invest in the future and change the world for the better!

 Hackspace Capital 2017

29 of 30

Legal entity
Name	

HACSP CAPITAL LTD

Reg. Number	

 372187

Type	

Limited Company

SubType	

Private

Name Status	
	
Organisation Status	

Current Name

Adress

16 Pentelis str., Nicosia 2401, Cyprus

 Hackspace Capital 2017

Active

30 of 30

Humaniq Whitepaper
Alex Fork
Abstract
The Humaniq team is building a next generation model for financial
services (Banking 4.0) which is based on Blockchain technology,
mobile devices and biometric identification systems. We will use
cryptofinancing (Initial Coin Offering) for growth capital rather than
traditional venture capital and shareholders.
Our aim is to empower a market of 2 billion people who currently dont have access to banking across the world. Almost half the
world  over three billion people  live on less than $2.50 a day.
At least 80% of humanity lives on less than $10 a day. More than
80 percent of the worlds population lives in countries where income
differentials are widening.
We believe Humaniq can help reverse these trends and help
bring people out of poverty by giving them banking tools that can
provide liquidity for entrepreneurial ventures via loans, investment,
online work and cryptofinancing as well as create new opportunities in
the digital economy, locally, nationally and internationally. Humaniq
can also help mitigate the refugee crises occurring in many countries
in the West due to economic disparity and lack of opportunities in
emerging economies.
Our unique selling proposition (USP) in the digital banking
market is our use of Blockchain technology combined with biometrics
and a focus on mobile technology. We plan to not only provide a
software solution but also bring mobile hardware (phones) into the
markets we are aiming for in Africa, Asia and South America.



alex@humaniq.co, fb.com/fork.alex, linkedin.com/in/alexfork

1

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

Contents
1 Mission

3

2 What makes Humaniq special?

4

3 Vision

7

4 Emission Model

8

5 The ICO
12
5.1 The key holders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
6 The Pre-ICO (survey)

14

7 Our development process

14

8 The timeline of Humaniq

16

9 Technical
9.1 Issues and responses to them . . . . . . . .
9.2 BioID: technology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.3 BioID: user experience . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.4 Mobile Wallet . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.5 Contracts on Ethereum blockchain . . . . .
9.6 Sending a transaction with Mobile Wallet .
9.7 Sending transactions without Mobile Wallet
9.8 Coins are integer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
10 Conclusions

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

17
20
21
21
21
22
22
22
22
23

Page 2
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

1

Banking for Unbanked

Mission
A small body of determined spirits
fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission
can alter the course of history.
Mahatma Gandhi

Look at this map:

Figure 1: indeed, where they are?..
You may notice: there are unbanked regions on Earth. As a matter of
fact, nearly 2.5 billion people live in regions where no banking infrastructure
exist. The only form of payment available in those regions is manually giving
banknotes (and/or coins) to a counterparty.
What makes it worse, even in banked regions, there are millions of people
without passports or any other forms of identity or documentation, thus
they are cut off from modern banking facilities. According to a recent World
Bank estimate, the total number of people who did not have identification
documents amounted to 1.5 billion by 2016.
We at Humaniq, will provide a new financial infrastructure for everyone
who has a smartphone with a camera. The smartphone is necessary to make
and receive payments, and the camera is needed to earn the first coins. The
price of smartphones is falling every year and they are currently priced at
between $10-$20 on the low end.

Page 3
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

Figure 2: 2.5 billion adults are unbanked
To put it in simple words, Humaniq is banking for the unbanked.
Our ultimate goals are:
 to integrate 2.5 billion people disconnected from the international business community, and empower them to free themselves from the chains
of poverty,
 to shift emerging economies into the cryptoeconomy.

2

What makes Humaniq special?
The biggest room in the world is the room
for improvement.
Helmut Schmidt

It is natural to ask why the problem of banking for the unbanked cannot
be solved by Bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency. And the questions can also
be asked: What makes Humaniq special?, Are you just another startup
offering yet another mobile wallet app?

Page 4
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

At first glance, it looks like any Bitcoin mobile wallet could be used in
unbanked regions. But if you think deeper about this, you will discover the
following issues:
8 The problem: the number of satoshis in circulation (or any other
small units of crypto) is insufficient for some regions. E.g., in Indonesia
(250 million people), theres just not enough digital currency to have
substantial daily turnover (volume). Bitcoin is scarce, and if you dont
have bitcoins, you are inclined not so to be interested in the network.
For regions poorly integrated into the international financial system,
it would take a lot of time for sufficient liquidity to appear in the
local market. But theres no doubt that such regions have their own
domestic economy today. Its just they are almost exclusively cashbased.
4 Our solution: unlike other cryptocurrencies, Humaniq provides an
egalitarian emission mechanism. The amount of coins that one person
can mint is limited, and this is what makes Humaniq so special. This
mechanism has nothing to do with competing in specialized hardware,
having access to specialized hardware, wasting electricity, or owning
the coins preliminarily. It may be called proof-of-face, and nothing is
more fair than that.
8 The problem: the lack of local exchanges. Even now in 2017, there
are lots of countries where no infrastructure to buy or sell cryptocurrency exists. This is the issue even for some European countries, which
have no problems with Internet adoption and where virtually the entire
population is using smartphones. Wed like to stress that it has been
more than 8 years since the first cryptocurrency launched, and more
than 7 years since the first cryptocurrency exchange ever appeared.
4 Our solution: since our platform provides infrastructure for people to
earn Humaniq coins from home, we understand that people would eventually like to exchange cryptocurrency for local currency. Of course,
we provide such infrastructure in our app. (And still, we are in talks
with some national and international shopping franchises in various
countries we are targeting  and engaging them to add Humaniq as a
payment option.)

Page 5
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

8 The problem: some states are concerned with pseudo-anonymity of
cryptocurrencies, which causes recurring legal issues associated with
them.
4 Our solution: since app users have to pass bio-identification, there
is no anonymity in Humaniq. That is good news for transparency
advocates, and that makes Humaniq unviable for financing terrorism,
trading drugs and all the other deadly sins Bitcoin is accused of. Another point is, Humaniq provides the ability to earn while working from
countries abroad. This enables an export-driven economy in depressed
regions, improves living standards of depressed regions, and reduces
the impetus for migration, which is great for all governments both in
developed and in developing countries.
8 The problem: the network effect of Bitcoin (and other cryptocurrencies) is relatively small because of relative usage complexity. According
to the report from Juniper Research, the number of active Bitcoin users
around the world could reach 4.7 million people by the end of 2019.
Even now the network has reached the capacity limit of 250 thousand
transactions. Eight years of the Bitcoin era have passed; compared to
PayPal, after 8 years it had 100 million active accounts, despite the
fact that it appeared with less developed online infrastructure and can
require passport details for use.
4 Our solution: we discarded the private and public key approach,
which confuses newcomers; we also had to reject using fractional amounts
of coins, since decimal fractions may be uneasy for people with little
or no education. Its very simple. Coins are whole numbers (integers),
faces are used as passwords  if you think it gets any easier than that,
please tell us what could be simpler.
8 The problem: complexity of reputation accounting in anonymous
communities, needed for various p2p-solutions (p2p-insurance, p2pbanking).
4 Our solution: we handle this problem with our bio-identification procedure. By the beginning of 2017, elegant solutions for biometric authentication already exist. If we take a combination of authentication

Page 6
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

methods it increases the likelihood of a near hundred-percent authentication.1 Our approach is to use one random authentication method
each time. Every authentication takes no more than two seconds and
is as easy as unlocking a smartphone.
8 The problem: the lack of crypto evangelists in undeveloped regions,
which contributes to peoples unawareness of innovative payment systems.
4 Our solution: the reasons why people dont promote cryptocurrencies in undeveloped regions are understandable: technical complexity
of the subject, language difficulties, no financial incentive etc. But
weve targeted our project directly at such regions. Working on the
problem, we have studied nearly everything about the current state of
developing countries. We talked to 100 prominent bitcoiners who live
in developing countries such as Sierra Leone, Afghanistan, Botswana,
Pakistan and Indonesia. Dozens of them decided to enter our Humaniq Ambassador Program: they will teach people about how to use
Humaniq and earn cryptocurrency for that.
This is why Bitcoin or any other crypto isnt used in unbanked regions.
And wont be used. The currency of unbanked regions (the dark ones on
Figure 1) is called Humaniq.

3

Vision
Visions are worth fighting for. Why spend
your life making someone elses dreams?
Tim Burton

In Humaniq, the amount of coins that one person can mint is limited,
and that is what makes Humaniq truly special.
This may sound really strange for an experienced crypto-community
member. How did we achieve this?
We did it with the help of bio-identification. Our bio-identification has
to be passed only once, taking less than 20 seconds and does not require to
have any e-mail or passport. And modern face recognition algorithms for
neural networks can check ones identity with incredible accuracy.
1

It is worth noting that the use of hardware solutions, for example, a fingerprint scanner, allows signal counterfeiting at hardware level.

Page 7
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

Briefly, bio-identification is obligatory to create a wallet; every user is
given coins for passing bio-identification; the process consists of taking series
of photos, recording videos of the user making facial gestures, and recording
the users speech. For details, move to subsection 9.3.
To prevent theft of coins, every time a user signs in into the app, he or
she must pass the authentication procedure. The authentication is similar
to bio-identification, but much shorter: the user has to repeat just one of
the recorded gestures in the front of the camera. It is as easy as unlocking a
smartphone.
The software we have developed works with the cheapest hardware solutions on Android 5.0: with smartphones that cost $10-$15. Such affordable
devices are usually fitted with a front-facing camera and microphone, and
thus are sufficient to install a mobile wallet and to authenticate the user.
After passing the bio-identification, everyone is invited to earn additional
coins by inviting friends and making transactions. Moreover, we enable the
possibility for everyone to earn a living with their mobile phones, and thats
what is truly impressive.
You may ask  how? Well, we work with local companies and brands to
achieve this. Our cherished will is to make Humaniq the de facto currency
of the world where over three billion people live on less than $2.50 a day.
Humaniq can give these people the opportunity to break free from poverty,
improving the lives of their families and themselves by entering and helping
create a new mobile digital economy. Imagine now... over two billion users
improving capitalization of popular services by getting used to them  isnt
that what brands dream of? Isnt that why Facebook is making a play with
internet.org?
Our user may purchase a smartphone perhaps even with a loan  and after the purchase, cover his or her expenses within several weeks, by executing
simple actions.

4

Emission Model
Cryptoeconomic system may contain its own
currency and token system which would be useful in any sense in some system aspect. Units
of currency can be generated by the system and
then sold or distributed directly as award for
participation in system operation.
Vitalik Buterin

Page 8
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

We feel honored to repeat it once more: Humaniq provides an egalitarian
emission mechanism. The amount of coins that one person can mint
is limited , and that is what makes Humaniq so special.
This mechanism has nothing to do with competing in specialized hardware, having access to specialized hardware, wasting electricity, or owning
the coins preliminarily. It may be called proof-of-face, as weve mentioned,
and theres nothing more fair than that.
In this section, we are about to present the details of the emission model
we chose. Developing it, we pursued the following objectives:
1) The early adopters should receive more money than the later ones.
2) The total amount of coins that will ever be issued must be five times
bigger than the amount of coins issued via Pre-ICO + ICO.
3) Emission proceeds until kmax people are registered. kmax should be
relatively big.
4) In average, one user is granted with 500 coins.
5) Tokens are issued by the smart contract upon request.
6) Emission per one person is carried out not by one-time payment2 , but
in accordance with a scoring function which depends on the persons
activity: passing through bio-identification, inviting friends, making
transactions.
Let E(k) be the amount of HMQ coins that may be granted to the
person who was k-th to pass the bioidentification in the Humaniq app (the
user number k). The objective number 1 tells that the function E(k)
should be decreasing one. We chose the simplest decreasing function  the
linear one:
Emax  Emin
E(k) = Emax 
k
kmax
Thus, at k = 0 E(k) = Emax , and at k = kmax the correspondence E(k) =
Emin holds. We chose Emax equal to 860, and Emin equal to 140. Finally for
2

We think that it is fair to issue coins stepwise depending on the everyday involvement
of a user. We wish to avoid the mistake of some altcoins, which made their rewards onetime payments and which suffered from users not having incentives to use the platform
on a regular basis.

Page 9
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

the maximum possible amount for the k-th video registrant


720
E(k) = round 860 
k
kmax

(4.1)

Let us draw a graph showing the controlled supply of coins:

E(k)
860

140

100
0

kmax

k

Figure 3: The distribution of Humaniq coins. Red line represents the maximum possible amount of coins a user can be granted with respect to the
scoring function. Blue line represents the number of coins that the user is
granted if his or her only action is passing bio-identification.

Denote the total amount of coins sold via Pre-ICO + ICO by Vico . According to the objective number 2, only 4Vico coins will be earned by users
of the Humaniq app. Thus, the maximum possible amount of Humaniq coins
is limited by 5Vico .
The objective number 4 states that the total average number of coins
that a user can mint in-app must be close to 500, thus giving
500 

kX
max
k=1

kmax
1
1 X
E(k)
E(k) =
=
 (4Vico ),
kmax
kmax
kmax
k=1


kmax = round

Vico
125

Page 10
humaniq.co


(4.2)

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

immediately follows. This provides the restriction upon the total amount of
people who can mint the tokens in-app.3 We use the conventional rounding
function to guarantee that kmax is integer.
The scoring function mentioned in objective number 5 describes how
people can earn their E(k) coins in the Humaniq app. It is structured as
follows:
(denoting the HMQ/USD exchange rate by r, so that 15r becomes the
Humaniq equivalent of $15)
 mobile app installation  min(round(0.01  c1  E(k)); 15r) HMQ
 receiving first coins from a friend  min(round(0.04  c2  E(k)); 15r)
HMQ (one-time payment)
 passing the bio-identification  min(round(0.15  c3  E(k)); 15r) HMQ
(one-time payment)
 a referred friend passed bio-identification4 
min(round(0.1  c4  E(k)); 15r) HMQ (for every 5 first friends invited)
 execution of a transaction within first month after installation 
min(round(0.05  c5  E(k)); 15r) HMQ (one-time payment)
 execution of a transaction within second month after installation 
min(round(0.1  c6  E(k)); 15r) HMQ (one-time payment)
 execution of a transaction within the third month 
min(round(0.15  c7  E(k)); 15r) HMQ (one-time payment)
 additional earning opportunities are provided by local and global startups and senior companies.
For moments when exchange rate HMQ/USD diminishes, the emission
can be delayed. The exchange rate is treated diminished, if
current rate < average rate for the last week.
3

The Pre-ICO has passed, and some conclusions may be already done. Exactly
31824818 HMQ tokens were generated; thus, even before the start of the ICO, the inequality Vico > 31  106 holds, and, due to (4.2), kmax > 248000.
4
Humaniq balances cannot be fractional. You are invited to guess why, and then check
your guess in the subsection 9.8.

Page 11
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

By the start, every coefficient in the tuple (c1 , c2 , c3 , c4 , c5 , c6 , c7 ) is set
to 1, but after some time these coefficients are going to become mutable.
For the first period of their mutability, the control over these coefficients
will be community-driven, but eventually this control will be forwarded to
a neural network, whose goal will be to maximize several reasonable metrics
(the installations rate of growth, transactions number rate of growth).
Thus, the amount of HMQ that can be granted to a user is E(k), where
k is the number of users who passed the identification before him or her.
The formula (4.1) can be used to calculate the potential benefit.
The earning opportunities arent limited by this. Start-ups and senior
companies pay additional amounts of HMQ to people executing their tasks.
The list of tasks available at you region can be found in the tab Offers.
Our ultimate dream is that everyone could purchase the smartphone, install
the Humaniq app and then cover his or her expenses on the same day, executing simple actions.5 That is why we tether our emission to the Humaniq
equivalent of $15.

5

The ICO
Just as treasures are uncovered from the
earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and
wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind.
To walk safely through the maze of human life,
one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance
of virtue.
Buddha

Despite we have enough money to develop the project on our own, we
think it is fair to allow everyone to invest in the project. To make the procedure egalitarian, we have chosen to utilise cryptofinancing via an initial coin
offering (ICO) rather than take on venture capital. Moreover, a crowdsale is
a brilliant way to attract media attention.
Our crowdsale has two stages  the Pre-ICO and the ICO. The Pre-ICO
took place since 15 Dec 2016 till 28 Dec 2016.

The ICO starts by 6 Apr 2017, CET 00:00 and
ends by 26 Apr 2017, CET 23:59.
5

The price of cheapest smartphone able to perform mobile wallet functions and fitted
with front-facing camera falls down every year and is now about $10-20.

Page 12
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

To buy Humaniq, the only payment options during the ICO are Bitcoin
(BTC) and Ethereum (ETH). During the ICO, the rates are as follows:

1 ETH buys 1000 HMQ (+ bonuses)
for BTC-buyers: your BTC counts as the
equivalent amount of ETH6
We also offer the following bonuses for those who invest earlier:
6-7th of Apr
8-14th of Apr
15-21th of Apr
22-26th of Apr

+ 49.9%
+ 25%
+ 12.5%
+ 0%

Since all Humaniq balances are whole numbers (integers) and fractional
amounts of coins are not possible (see subsection Coins are integer for the
reasoning), we had to come with the solution for the arising subtlety. We
chose different ways to handle the problem of fractional HMQ for Bitcoinusing and Ethereum-using participants.
For Bitcoin participants, if the amount of HMQ to be bought is less than
112358 HMQ, rounding down is performed; otherwise, if a buyer wishes to
buy more than 112358 HMQ, the amount of HMQ to be bought is rounded
up.
For Ethereum participants, we decided to conduct bounce-back transactions (and hardcode them in the smart contract). E.g. if you transfer 3.1415926 ETH and no bonuses are applied, you are about to receive
3141.5926 HMQ, but since HMQ balances are integer, the amount of ether
equal to 0.5926 HMQ is sent back to you.
Participating in the ICO doesnt require passing bio-identification.

5.1

The key holders

Our fundkeepers are:

Alex Fork
George Basiladze
Bitcointalk user btcsec
6

with respect to the BTC/ETH exchange rate at the moment of purchase

Page 13
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

6

Banking for Unbanked

The Pre-ICO (survey)

The purpose of the Pre-ICO was to create a discussion on issues raised by
the project, to attract the attention of leading experts in the industry, and
to raise funds to prepare the promotion and public relations of the project,
as well as prepare a quality ICO.
We chose the following rates for the Pre-ICO stage:

1 ETH buys 1500 HMQ (+ bonuses)
for BTC-buyers: for the whole Pre-ICO campaign,
we treated every your bitcoin as 93.5 ETH
We announced that if the amount collected is less than 10000 ETH,
all funds will be returned. Fortunately, we collected7 99.002855 BTC and
3122.362977 ETH, which amounted to more than the announced threshold.
The following bonuses were available during the Pre-ICO stage:
First 12 hours
16th of Dec
17-19th of Dec
20-22nd of Dec
23-25th of Dec
26-28th of Dec

+ 70%
+ 50%
+ 33%
+ 20%
+ 7%
+ 0%

We are delighted to inform you that 31824818 HMQ tokens have already
been distributed during the Pre-ICO (in complete accordance with these
bonuses), and we look forward to our upcoming ICO, which will provide the
answer on the final quantity of tokens that can ever be generated Vico and
thus determine the constant kmax from (4.2).
All rewards and bounties were distributed within one week after the end
of Pre-ICO, just as it was claimed.

7

Our development process
Success or failure of a team is determined by
how its members communicate and interact.
Ichak Adizes
7

To stress his personal responsibility for the pre-ICO, our founder Alex Fork decided
to use the bitcoin wallet he uses since 2013. To make accounting easier, right before the
start all the bitcoins were drained away from there, making the balance zero.

Page 14
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

Future Fintech keeps in contact with more than 200 fintech start-ups.
One of the challenges of most projects is access to the customer base. This
is why the implementation of our solution will help young projects (P2P
lending, insurance, mobile wallets, scoring, freelance, etc.) offer their ideas
to people who have no experience in the financial sector. Therefore, the
project will be developed as follows.
The main development team develops the core. Others join later and develop their start-ups or solutions on a ready-made platform. We use Github
to bring the core team and third parties together.
We are open to get suggestions and ideas from ordinary users  from
the Community. We always keep in touch with them via the Humaniq app,
as well as on Bitcointalk and on our brand blog on Medium. Users also join
us via our Slack channel, read the latest news on Facebook and Twitter, and
participate in discussions on our subreddit.

Figure 4: join us to see how we work
Close interaction with users and testing an idea or a prototype on potential consumers allows us to make the right decisions and save resources.
This is why customer development greatly reduces the investor risk. After
all, theory often differs from practice, and developers opinions on ergonomics
and ease of use may differ from the perceptions of the products end users.
Users often have their own understanding of a set of must have functions,
and ignorance of their real needs can lead to the failure of the entire start-up.

Page 15
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

As such, our analysts and trend watchers, together with the developers,
will consider every feature request communicated by users in the community.
Some ideas greatly improve the product; but, at the same time, the development of one option can take an hour or two, while the implementation of
another can take a few days.
Analysts and trend watchers will also evaluate the feasibility of each
request and explore it within the context of market trends. The developers,
in their turn, will integrate them properly if new ideas are given thumbs up.
At the same time, budget and deadlines must be met. Therefore, some
ideas are rejected for one reason or another, while others form the list of
tasks for the team of developers.
Thanks to this, analysts, trend watchers, investors, users, project managers and programmers themselves are always aware of the current development stage of a project. Any interested user and even a developer can
connect to it from various sides and get a respective reward:
 participate in beta testing;
 voice their ideas for improving the product in the Community;
 develop their start-up;
 become an analyst or a trend watcher.
As you can see, our project development scheme allows and supports
the active participation of users. Customer development allows us to create
a product that meets their needs and wishes, which eventually ensures its
success.

8

The timeline of Humaniq
The best way to predict the future is to
create it.
Peter Drucker

The milestones on this road are:
 2016, October-November  Humaniq Whitebook is written
 2016, December  Launch of Humaniq.co website.

Page 16
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

 2016, December  the pre-ICO.
 2017, January-February  smart contract development, due diligence,
marketing campaign
 2017, February  a meeting with Humaniq project partners in India.
 2017, February  announcing Humaniq online-hackathon in partnership with (yet undisclosed) well-known blockchain media
 2017, February  the start of the ICO (crowdsale).
 2017, April  headlining the BlockShow Europe 2017, giving talks
on panel discussions, concluding results of the hackathon and giving
awards to winners
 2017, April  crowdsale concludes.
 2017, May  prototype of Android mobile app.
 2017, July  Product launch: the mobile app (wallet with bioID)
+ exchange app.
 2017, September  global expansion in two directions: to underdeveloped regions (expansion of the network of users in Africa, Asia, South
America) and to the cities that are crucial to modern business (London,
Singapore, Hong Kong and San Francisco).
 2018  integration of virtual cards, of fintech start-ups, and further
decentralization of Humaniq architecture.

9

Technical
Architecture is inhabited sculpture.
Constantin Brancusi

From the technical point of view, to implement the idea, the following
ingredients are required:
1) mobile app, which is what users see. Were talking about Android app,
since in underdeveloped regions market share of Android OS is close
to 95%. Making an iOS App is less important in our case, but for the
sake of perfection we actively develop it.

Page 17
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

2) appropriate bio-identification/authentication software
3) such software essentially produces a chunk of every persons identity;
these chunks are used for identification/authentication and must be
stored somewhere in decentralized manner
4) these chunks must be encrypted
5) identification procedure must cost zero for end users (at least for the first
time)
6) authentication procedure must cost zero for end users (at least for the
first time)
7) secure consensus algorithm (e.g. robust blockchain)
8) transactions should cost zero for senders if possible.
To satisfy the first and second conditions, it is enough to build the apps,
and to buy licensing rights for the best available bioID solution. Chapter 9.2
is devoted entirely to how we made our choice of the solution.
To satisfy the third condition, we should allow every PC to become a
Humaniq node. On encryption (fourth condition), our approach is similar
to Storj and (announced by Ethereum) Swarms one.
To meet the fifth condition, it is enough to specify in the protocol that
nodes have to add chunks of a new person to their database, keep their
databases synchronized, and are not paid for that. Its exactly like in Bitcoin:
full nodes kept on their hard drives containing the ledger of all transactions
that have ever happened without any financial incentive.
The sixth condition resolves like the previous one: people verify and
broadcast identities of authenticating users for free. Again, exactly like in
Bitcoin: peers verify and broadcast new blocks and transactions, and nobody
gets paid for that.
Speaking on condition eight, for the first few months of the networks
existence transaction fees will be zero for end users. However, this is to
be changed in future, since the founders cannot pay Ethereum fees forever.
We are about to decentralize the project architecture and to make it nondependent on founders, giving everyone the possibility to run a Humaniq
node.
We are using Ethereum for the project and the ICO campaign because
this platform allows us to create a secure solution quickly, with few resources,
and without loss of quality thanks to:

Page 18
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

Figure 5: The inner structure of the Humaniq platform
 smart contracts (we plan to conduct the audit of our smart contracts);
 reliability of a ready and operating blockchain, in contrast to the risks
associated with deploying own blockchain;
 future development of the Ethereum project and stated opportunities.
The only tough issue is the centralization. Humaniq has several components: software part, neural network and database. In the future, all these
components are to be decentralized.

Page 19
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

9.1

Banking for Unbanked

Issues and responses to them

Humaniq is based on blockchain technology. Major component  transaction settlement will be done on Ethereum blockchain using Standard Token
(ERC20) contract. New tokens are emitted for every authenticated user and
the rules of emission are controlled by Emission smart contract. Humaniq
servers are responsible for authorization of users on the blockchain via Biometric ID services as well as approving additional token emission. Users will
only interact with Mobile Wallet for their smartphones.
Scrupulous readers may say that this system has a number of centralized
places carrying risks. But there are answers to this:
1. Each user can use the Ethereum client wallet without using additional
services.
2. It should be admitted that Bitcoin protocol add-on services are used
by an overwhelming majority of Bitcoin users; and this is the normal
operation of a payment system, and our operation will be based on the
same principles. And since security issues are undertaken by Ethereum,
this allows us to focus on the client-oriented decentralized business
model.
3. With reference to bio-identification and mobile wallet, we will move
towards open source and hereafter decentralization.
4. Besides the above-mentioned, the service development strategy is a
decentralized business model, i.e. stimulating creation of several mobile wallets by third-party teams, chatbots, exchange services, service
rendering.
5. Today there is no technological opportunity to put bio-identification
into blockchain, however if there is a possibility to help people now,
and to develop ecosystem of cryptoeconomics  it should be done.
There are three key components of Humaniq:
 the app (which is essentially also the mobile wallet)
 Humaniq servers
 contracts on Ethereum blockchain.

Page 20
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

9.2

Banking for Unbanked

BioID: technology

We understand that biometry is not finance, and were not specialists
in this technology. As a consequence, were actively working with various
well-established companies, who specialize in computer vision and/or image
recognition.
Hence, to execute bio-identification, we are going to invite a solution
provider when we are ready to make the choice. We have not yet signed any
formal agreements, and, due to the high responsibility of this step, we are
not rushing. We plan to announce which service provider we have chosen
and to provide corresponding formal agreements during the crowdsale.

9.3

BioID: user experience

During the first launch of the Humaniq app, one must pass through the
bio-identification procedure8 . Otherwise, the Humaniq interface just wont
show up.
This bio-identification is arranged as follows. A registrant is required
to make a photo of themselves with the smartphone, to record a video of
smiling and grinning, and to pronounce the text shown on the screen. To
avoid counterfeits, the device ID is added and the text is chosen at random
out of very large pool; it eliminates the ability to use pre-prepared audio
tracks. All the instructions are shown on the mobile phone screen, so of
course no prerequisite knowledge is needed to use the app; you dont need to
know anything about the app in advance. You may download the app from
Google Play and try it yourself.
This authentication method takes less than five seconds and requires no
e-mail, SMS, passport, and you dont have to worry about losing or forgetting
your password. This is the real proof of identity.

9.4

Mobile Wallet

The Mobile Wallet is an interface for mobile (iOS, Android) users that
provides them with quick access to their balances and lets them transact
with other users/merchants.
The Mobile Wallet manages private and public keys for the user, which
are used to sign transactions locally.
8

Fortunately, a frontal camera and a microphone are now built in all devices.

Page 21
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

It also has a built-in module for collecting biometric user data, such as
voice and video, which can be used to bind a user with their identity and
provide them with additional features of the platform, such as action-based
emission.
The Mobile Wallet also includes an API for third-party developers so
they can interact with the Wallet: access balances, send transactions.

9.5

Contracts on Ethereum blockchain

There are two contracts that are already deployed on the blockchain.
First one is Standard Token Contract (ERC20) that keeps track of user
balances and allows them to transfer tokens between each other. Second
one is responsible for token emission. However, we understand that with the
decentralization proceedings we will be involved in the development of an
ample web of contracts; follow our Github to stay keen on updates.

9.6

Sending a transaction with Mobile Wallet

1. Transaction is generated on the smartphone and then signed using local
private key.
2. Signed transaction data is submitted to Humaniq servers.
3. Transaction is relayed to the Ethereum blockchain to the Humaniq
Token Smart Contract.

9.7

Sending transactions without Mobile Wallet

1. If the user already has Humaniq tokens they might transact directly
using Token smart contract bypassing Humaniq servers.
2. After signing the transaction user might send it directly to Ethereum
blockchain.
3. This brings an advantage of control over the transaction publication
and propagation (because there might be a delay due to a high load
on the Humaniq servers).

9.8

Coins are integer

Any Humaniq balance cannot be fractional. It can only be integer. Were
targeted at providing undereducated people with modern finance, and we

Page 22
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

dont expect all of our users to be great at fraction calculus. The integer
amount of coins makes it easier for undereducated people to count their
money.

10

Conclusions

The Humaniq project was launched to create a financial infrastructure for
people who were previously isolated from it. We are using the most advanced
and mass technologies: the blockchain with the possibility to connect thirdparty projects, a mobile application, along with bio-identification. Humaniq
will also add to the science of cryptoeconomics, the well-being of developing
countries, and can even benefit the European economy.
For cryptoeconomy:
 expanding the amount of cryptoeconomy users will result in a positive
development in this industry
 original inherently friendly and open source architecture of Banking
4.0 will help start-ups to get instant access to customers around the
world and obtain financial support from the Humaniq project
 bio-identification will allow testing reputation systems and personalized interaction programs, introducing this realm to charitable organisations, NGOs and United Nation services.
For developing countries:
 poverty level reduction
 remote work and economic growth: greater opportunities for savings
will increase the lending capacity of the population; collection of customer financial data will reduce lending risks
 innovation and infrastructure: electronic finances will allow the creation of new business models and products
 reduction in class inequality: financial services can provide new opportunities for billions people living on less than $2.50 a day and bring
them to the middle class, greatly improving their lives

Page 23
humaniq.co

Humaniq Whitepaper

Banking for Unbanked

 establishing gender equality: engaging the female population in the
electronic finance system will raise incomes of health care and education systems; a barrier for women in financial account registration
will dissolve, and women will have more control over their funds and
business
 improving the quality of education through remote access and payment
capabilities.
For the EU:
 improving the economic situation in third world countries will reduce
the current immigration challenges faced by advanced economies, particularly in the European Union where the influx is creating huge
strains on the social welfare systems and high costs associated with
the problem.
Humaniq is not welfare or charity, we are more about empowering people to change their lives and pull themselves out of economic disparity by
participating in a new digital economy that they can help build.

Page 24
humaniq.co





Table of Contents

Legal Disclaimer

3

ICO Summary

5

Overview of the Project

7

Scope of the ICOBox Project

7

ICOS Concept

10

ICOS Token

12

ICOS Platform

13

Project Selection Mechanism

14

Mechanism for exchanging ICOS tokens for new ICO projects'
tokens

17

Summary

20

ICOS Smart Contract

21

Payment Terms, Distribution and Rates

23

Projected Timeline

27

Team

29

Risk Factors

30







2

Legal Disclaimer
The purpose of this White Paper is to present the ICOBox and ICOS token to
potential token holders in connection with the proposed ICO. The information
set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a
contractual relationship. Its sole purpose is to provide relevant and reasonable
information to potential token holders in order for them to determine whether
to undertake a thorough analysis of the company with the intent of acquiring
ICOS Tokens.
Nothing in this White Paper shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus of any
sort or a solicitation for investment, nordoesitinanywaypertaintoanoering
or a solicitation of an oer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction. This
document is not composed in accordance with, and is not subject to, laws or
regulations of any jurisdiction, which are designed to protect investors.
The product token is not a digital currency, security, commodity, or any other
kind of nancial instrument and has not been registered under the Securities
Act, the securities laws of any state of the United Statesorthesecuritieslawsof
any other country, including the securities laws of any jurisdiction in which a
potential token holder is a resident.
ICOS token cannot be used for any purposes other than as provided in this
White Paper, including but not limited to, any investment, speculative or other
nancial purposes.
ICOS Token confers no other rights in any form, including but notlimitedtoany
ownership, distribution (including, but not limited to, prot), redemption,
liquidation, property (including all forms of intellectual property), or other
nancial or legal rights, other than those specically set forth below.
Certain statements, estimates and nancial information contained herein
constitute forward-looking statements or information. Such forward-looking
statements or information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties,

3

which may cause actual events or results to dier materially fromtheestimates
or the results implied or expressed in such forward-looking statements.
This English language White Paper is the primary ocial source of information
about the ICOS token. The information contained herein may from time totime
be translated into other languages or used in the course of written or verbal
communications with existing and prospective customers, partners etc. In the
course of such translationorcommunicationsomeoftheinformationcontained
herein may be lost, corrupted, or misrepresented. The accuracy of such
alternative communications cannot be guaranteed. In the event of any conicts
or inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this
ocial English language White Paper, the provisions of this English language
original document shall prevail.





4

ICO Summary
ICOS token is an ERC-20 standard-based Ethereum token.
ICOS tokensgranttheirholderstherighttovoteinfavorofnewICOprojectsand
allow them to buy tokens issued by selected ICOs at a xedaveragediscountof
75%.
Tokens will be oered for 32 days starting on August 15, 2017 and ending on
September 15, 2017. There will also be a public presale starting on August 9,
2017 and ending on August 15, 2017 for partieswillingtobuyalargenumberof
tokens (10,000 tokens at the Early Bird stage of the presale and 1,000 tokens at
the later stage).
ICOS ICO is conducted by ICOBox project  the rst SaaS ICO solution in the
world. The oering will be open to the public globally.
Token Sale Volume:

No cap

Token Issue Volume:

No cap

For every 100 ICOS tokens sold through the ICO 20
Distribution of Tokens:

additional tokens will be issued for distribution to
partners, advisors, bounty participants, and the
team members.1

Token Price at Issue:

Website link:

1

0.008-0.012 BTC depending on the date andtimeof
purchase

https://icos.icobox.io

See Section "Payment Terms, Distribution and Rates" for details.

5

Accepted forms of payment:

BTC, ETH, LTC, Dash, Zcash, ETC or USD (wire
transfer)

Public Presale Start Date:

August 9, 2017, 12:00 PM PDT

Public Presale End Date:

August 15, 2017, 12:00 PM PDT

ICO Start Date:

August 15, 2017, 12:00 PM PDT

ICO End Date:

September 15, 2017, 12:00 PM PDT

Token Issue Date:

September 22, 2017, 12:00PM PDT










6

Overview of the Project
Scope of the ICOBox Project
ICOBox is a unique product which allows to drastically lower the cost of
conducting ICOs through automating and introducing templates and models in
all three essential ICO components:
 Technology solution
 Legal solution
 Marketing solution
ICOBox aims to stabilizetheICOmarketthroughmassICOcampaignproduction
which will facilitate its decentralization and diversication.
ICOBox occupies a unique market niche because it is the rst company
positioned on both sides of the market  that of a party conducting ICOs, since
ICOBox oers professional ICO solutions, and a token holder, because the
company also buys tokens of other ICOs.
Although the ICOBox solution lowers the costs of conducting ICOs,italsoallows
to conduct them at a high professional level. Nobody knows the product better
than the team which developed it. Engaging full-time external ICO experts
requires signicant time investment to let them learn the product, and,
consequently, a signicant expense. The services oered by such agencies are
quite expensive, and because of their duration there is a months-long waiting
list for conducting ICOs.
ICO could be conducted by the project team, but developing a book building
platform from scratch, writing a smart contract, developing the legal concept,
amassing the information on marketing channels and resources will take the
project team, which is usually not well-versed in these areas, a very long time.

7

ICOBox is an SaaS (software as a service) product in which all standard ICO
elements are automated and simplied, and although the project team is
directly involved in the launching of the oering, the entire ICO process is
directed by experts in each of the respectiveICOcomponentelds.Suchformat
produces the shortest project launch time and the lowest cost, and the
customers no longer need to wait for an external agency to take on their project.
Here is the scope of a standard ICOBox oer2:
TECHNOLOGY SOLUTION
 Smart contract;
 Smart contract management system;
 Book building platform;
 Consultations by developers on setting up the technology tools.
LEGAL SOLUTION
 Review and recommendations: Token legal concept, White Paper, landing
page;
 A set of legal documents, including Token Purchase Agreement, Terms of
Use, and Privacy Policy;
 Consultations on legal aspects by external attorneys experienced in
supporting ICOs.



 ICOBox reserves the right to change the scope of its services. The updated details will be
published at https://icobox.io/#services
2

8

MARKETING SOLUTION
 Marketing strategy comprising over 70 tactics, specifying each tactic's
potential impact;
 USD 20,000 trac package, including Facebook, Twitter, Adwords and
Reddit, targeting Blockchain community;
 Bounty Program setup to conduct marketing campaigns in 25 languages;
 Consultations by marketing experts on deployment of marketing tools.
ICOBox utilizes an innovativeeconomicmodel:ItsstandardfeeforICOtoolsand
guidance services is 25-50 BTC depending on the scope of services required3,
which covers the ICOBox's project production costs. No additional fees are
charged, but ICOBox reserves the right to buy tokens of new projects' ICOs
during presale at a discount, which makes the ICOBox's economic model
nancially viable.


3

4

Price 

Any 1 ICOBox solution

25 BTC

Any 2 ICOBox solutions

40 BTC

5

Bonus 

Discount on up up to250 BTC
worth of tokens

Discount on up to400 BTC
worth of tokens

S
 ee Section Mechanism for exchanging ICOS tokens for new ICO projects' tokens for details.

 ICOBox reserves the right to revise its service prices. The updated prices will be published at
https://icobox.io/#bonuses
4

ICOBoxreservestherighttorevisethetermsofbonusesforitsservices.Theupdatedpriceswill
be published at https://icobox.io/#bonuses
5

9

Full ICOBox service package,
3 solutions

50 BTC

Discount on up to500 BTC
worth of tokens

*Free gift for full package buyers:


Review of the new ICO projects token concept;



Consultations by business analysts, including guidance on drafting the White Paper
and the landing page.



ICOS Concept
Many projects seeking to conduct an ICO are promising but underfunded. For
them, paying even the low price tag of 50 BTC is a struggle. These companies
would benet from the ICOBox's launch of its ICOS token.
The essence of the project is to raise funds by selling ICOS tokens. All net
proceeds from the ICOS token oering will be directed to cover the cost of
ICOBox services to help promising projects selected by the vote of ICOS token
holders to conduct their ICOs (see Section Project Selection Mechanism for
details). Funds to cover the cost of ICOBox services are allocated based on the
standard pricing of ICOBox services (see Section Scope of the ICOBox Project).
The project seeking to receive ICOBoxs services via this arrangement can apply
to receive any one, two or all three ICOBoxs solutions.
Toensurethespendingtransparency,ICOBoxwillopentoallICOStokenholders
real-time access to ICO statistics about the number of ICOs completed, the
number of ICOs inprogress(withaprojectedtimeline),andtheamountoffunds
spent.
Each project which will conduct its ICO using ICOBox tools paid for with the
funds raised through the ICOS token sale will give a set number of its tokens to
ICOS platform, where ICOS token holders will be able to exchange their ICOS
tokens for the tokens of new ICO projects of theirchoice.Thenumberoftokens

10

a project will have to allocate to ICOS token holders depends on the range of
ICOBox services required for conducting its ICO.

Solutions

Funds raised through
the ICOS token sale
allocated for the
project

Tokens projects
allocate to ICOS
platform

Any 1 ICOBox solution

25 BTC

120 BTC

Any 2 ICOBox solutions

40 BTC

192 BTC

Full ICOBox service package,
3 solutions

50 BTC

240 BTC


Essentially, the number of tokens the new ICO projects will place on ICOBoxs
platform will have to be equal in value to 4.8 times thepriceofICOBoxservices
rendered.
The number of tokens is calculated at the rate of exchange in eect at thestart
of presale of the relevant ICO.
TOKEN HOLDERS GOALS WHICH ICOS HELPS ACCOMPLISH:
 Purchase of quality ICO project tokens, ensured by a 2-step process:
screening by ICOBox's experts and selection by the vote of ICOS token
holders;
 Purchase of tokens with a unique discount and an opportunity to have a
say in the project before it launches its ICO;
 Purchase of tokens at any stage: presale, book building, and even after
the end of its ICO provided the tokens are still available on the ICOS
platform; the tokens exchange rate remains unchanged regardless of the
token's market value. Even iftheproject'stokensaleended,theexchange
11

of ICOS tokens to new ICO project's tokens occurs at therateeectiveon
the rst date of sales of new ICO project's tokens.
The goals of the ICO project which ICOS helps accomplish:
 Holding an ICOwiththeguidanceofICOBox'sexperiencedteamwithouta
prepayment (payment only with future tokens);
 Minimization of costs at all stages prior to the end of an ICO;
 An opportunity to receive recommendations directly from the future
token holders (see Section "Project Selection Mechanism" for details).


ICOS Token
EACH TOKEN OFFERS THE FOLLOWING RIGHTS TO ITS HOLDER:
1. Right to vote.
Each token grants its holder one vote which may be used at token holders
discretion to select new projects for ICOs (see Section Project Selection
Mechanism details). The more tokens one has the more votes one can cast.
Only whole ICOS tokens grant votes - if a token holder owns a fraction of ICOS
token, such fractional ICOS token does not grant any voting rights. A token
holder may award all his votes to one project or spread them among several
projects.
2. Right to comment.
Each token holder is entitled to comment on projects which applied for an ICO
through ICOS platform. All token holders may comment on any number of
projects regardless of the number oftheirtokensandtheprojectstheychoseto
vote for.

12


3. Right to exchange their ICOS tokens for new ICO projects tokens.
When a new project launches its presale, a setamountofitstokensisplacedon
ICOS platform where ICOS token holders may exchange their ICOS tokens for
such new ICO project's tokens6. The more ICOS tokens their holders exchange
the less ICOS tokens and votes theyretain.Theexchangerateisxedattheend
of ICOS sale and does not vary from project toprojectorfromdaytodayofany
ongoing new ICO (see Section "Mechanism for exchanging ICOS tokens for new
ICO projects' tokens" for details).
To be used for voting, commenting, or exchange, ICOS tokens must remain in
the token holders account at ICOS platform7.


ICOS platform

ICOS platform will be launched on icos.icobox.io websiteandwillstartgathering
new projects' applications for ICOs before the end of ICOBox's sale of ICOS
tokens8. Afterthecompletionofbookbuildingthefollowingfunctionalinterfaces
will be activated in token holders accounts:
 Voting (selection of projects for conducting an ICOpaidforwiththefunds
raised through the ICO of ICOS tokens);
 Exchange (the list of all completed ICOs specifying the number of tokens
placed on the ICOS platform which are available for exchange);

6

See Section ICOS Concept for details.

 Most ICOS tokens in the token holders accounts at ICOS platform are physically stored in
Ethereum cold storage, for security reasons, with a small number of tokens in hot storage, for
quick access.
7

8

See Section Projected Timeline for details.

13

 Dashboard listing all token holders tokens and oering the options of
viewing statistics, sending and receiving tokens.


Project Selection Mechanism
All ICO applications received by ICOBox from the projects which are unable to
pay for the ICOBox services will be screened by ICOBox experts to determine if
they meet the following criteria:
 Compliance with the application format;
 Economic viability;
 Unique oer;
 Team (visionary, team members competence and potential).
All screened applications that met the above criteria will be posted on ICOS
platform, where ICOS token holders will weekly vote for the best projectswhich
should be awarded the funding to pay for ICOBox services toconducttheirown
ICOs.
Each ICOS token holder owns the number of votes equal tothenumberofICOS
tokens he owns. Based on the voting results, the following number of projects
which received the most votes will be selected:
 Q4 2017: 10 projects per week
 Q1 2018: 15 projects per week
 Q2 2018 and so on: 20 projects per week


14

Overall, a total of about 800 ICOs is intended to be conducted in therstyear
of ICOBox's existence (to compare, Kickstarter.com conducted over 120,000
successful campaigns in 8 years; the platform currently has an average of
4,500 ongoing campaigns.
More details at https://www.kickstarter.com/help/stats?ref=footer).
The number of projects presented for screening and selection is determined
by the number of received applications and the ICOBox's capacity. If ICOBox's
capacity grows faster than expected, the weekly number of selected projects
may also be increased. The voting is held as long as the funds raised through
the ICOS ICO are available.
Any ICOS token holder, regardless of whether he participates in the voting,
may comment on ICO applications on the ICOS website. This way, project
teams can receive feedback from their potential token holders and modify
their projects accordingly. If the project failed to be selectedthroughtheICOS
token holder community's vote it can revise the project to reect thereceived
recommendations and apply again.



15


16

Mechanism for exchanging ICOS tokens for new ICO
projects' tokens
Exchange value of each ICOS token is 0.04 BTC, which means that every ICOS
token can be exchanged for the relevant number of the new projects' tokens
placed on ICOS platform and worth 0.04 BTC at presale prices.
At their standard price of 0.01 BTC, ICOS tokens are exchangeable for other
projects tokens at an average rate of 1:4 in value. Essentially, this means that
on average ICOS token holders get new projects tokens at a 75% discount.
Consequently, the purchasing power offundsspentontheICOStokenrelative
to the new projects tokens varies slightly depending on the price at which
each token holder bought his or her ICOS tokens. The individual purchasing
power for funds spent on each ICOS token can be calculated at the end of
ICOS token sale using the following formula:



See examples below:


Example1

Example2

ICOS tokens sold

100,000

100,000

At the rate of

Half at 0.01 BTC

Quarter at 0.009

Half at 0.011 BTC

Half at 0.01 BTC
Quarter at 0.011 BTC

17

Amount raised

1,050 BTC

1,000 BTC

ICOS tokens issued

120,000

120,000

Number of ICOs to be
conducted (full package)

21

20

Exchange value of each ICOS
token

0.04 BTC

0.04 BTC

Value of new projects' tokens
placed at the platform

5,040 BTC

4,800 BTC

Average ICOS token purchase
price

0.0105 BTC (1,050 / 100,000) 0.01 BTC (1,000 / 100,000)

Price at which John bought
ICOS tokens

0.01 BTC

0.01 BTC

Purchasing power of funds
which John spent on his ICOS
tokens

1 BTC of ICOS value =
4.2 BTC of tokens of other
projects value
(4 x 0.0105 / 0.01)

1 BTC of ICOS value =
4 BTC of tokens of other
projects value
(4 x 0.01 / 0.01)

Discount at which John
obtains new ICO projects
tokens

76%

75%

Price at which Jane bought
ICOS tokens

0.011 BTC

0.009 BTC

Purchasing power of funds
which Jane spent on her ICOS
tokens

1 BTC of ICOS value =
3.8 BTC of tokens of other
projects value
(4 x 0.0105 / 0.011)

1 BTC of ICOS value =
4.4 BTC of tokens of other
projects value
(4 x 0.01 / 0.009)

Discount at which Jane obtains
74%
new ICO projects tokens

77%

18

In our rst example an ICOS token holder John exchanged his ICOS tokens
bought for 1 BTC for the tokens of new projects worth 4.2 BTC, thereby
obtaining tokens worth 4.2 times that of the funds he originally spent to buy
ICOS tokens. For Jane this coecient is 3.8. Essentially it means that John
bought the tokens of new ICO projects with a discount of 76%, and Jane got a
discount of 74%.
In our second example the purchasing power of John and Janes funds spent
on their ICOS tokens is 4 and 4.4, respectively. The discount for new ICOs'
tokens was 75% for John and 77% for Jane.
Therefore, the higher the average price paid for ICOStokenatICOStokensale
by all buyers and the lower the price paid for ICOS token by a specic buyer,
thehigherthepurchasingpoweroffundsspentonICOStokensandthehigher
the discount for new ICO projects tokens this buyer receives.
Each ICOS token may be exchanged for the relevant number of tokens ofone
project or an assortment of tokens of several projects.
About 50-100 applications are expectedtobepresentedforthetokenholders'
review and voting per week. If less than 50 applications have been presented,
the voting may be postponed until the following week. If more than 100
applications have been presented, the surplus applications arecarriedoverto
the following week.
New project's tokens are placed on ICOS platform at the start of the projects
token presale. ICOS tokens can be exchanged for any of the presented new
ICO project's tokens at any time, but during the rst 24 hours of their
placement on ICOS platform the tokens are distributed/exchanged among all
interested ICOS tokens holders only in proportion to a number oftokensthey
requested to exchange.
If within the rst 24 hours more than240BTCworthofexchangerequestsare
received, the requests will besatisedonaproratabasis.Ifthisamountisnot
reached, the requests will be met in their desired amount. The remainder of
the tokens left after the distribution over the rst 24 hours will be distributed
based on a free market principle. If there are more exchange requests
19

received than could be reasonably divided  for instance, a token priced at 1
BTC cannot be divided, butmorethan240exchangerequestswerereceived,
the tokens will be distributed in the order the requests were received.


Summary
This arrangement allows prospective ICO projects to conduct their own ICO
paying withtheirfuturetokens,anddoitathighqualityandeciency(starting
at 2 weeks from the date of application to the date of PR campaign start, due
to standardization and automation of processes). ICOS token holders can
receive tokens of quality projects they selected atanaveragediscountof75%.
The market gets hundreds of great projects screened by the ICOBox experts,
selected by ICOS token holders and implemented by the new ICO projects
using ICOBox's tools and guidance.









20

ICOS Smart Contract
ICOS is an Ethereum token. It complies with and extends ERC-20 - a de facto
standard and widely used token API. ICOS Smart Contract guarantees:
1. Transparency
1.1.

Balance. The information on the number of tokens held by any
user is public.

1.2.

Transfers. All information on transfers is public and can be traced
back in time.

2. Ownership
2.1.

Scope. Only Ethereum users and contracts can be token holders.

2.2.

Uniqueness. Each token belongs to one user-owner. There are no
shared tokens.

2.3.

Right to transfer. A token can be transferred to another user only
by the direct command of its owner or by the command of the
receiver directly authorized bytheowner.Notokentransfermaybe
initiated by another user.

3. Token Supply
3.1.

Single issuance. Tokens are issued only once, at the time of
deployment.

3.2.

Supply. The token supply is set at the time of deployment.

3.3.

Destruction. Every user can destroy (burn) some or all of his
tokens, which are then deducted from the total supply.

4. Contract Management
21

4.1.

Replacement. The contract owner can relinquish the ownership in
favor of any other Ethereum user or contract.

4.2.

Blockade. The contract owner can stop or resume token transfers
between token holders at any time.

5. Miscellaneous
5.1.

Recovery. Anycalltothecontractwhichresultsinanerrordoesnot
change the users' tokens or Ether balance, except for thegasspent
on the transaction.

5.2.

Safe Approval. The token contract supports two approve()
functions: a 2-parameter approve() (the ERC-20 standard) and a
3-parameter approve (), which guarantees that spender gets new
allowanceonlyifcurrentallowanceequalspresumedallowance.Itis
recommended to use the 3-parameter approve for all approve()
calls taking the presumed allowance as the second input.

UNCERTAINTY PROVISIONS
The ICOS Smart Contract does not guarantee the following:
1. User validity. Details: an Ethereum address with positive token balance
may not correspond to any actual user or a private key, as it can be a
result of a mistake. Tokens transferred to such users will likely be lost.
2. Zero Ether balance. Details: the contract prohibits most, but not all
means by which Ether could be sent to it by users who are not contract
owners.
3. Complete registry. Details: The contract does not provide a list of all
token holders. However, it is guaranteed that every token holderiseither
the contract creator or a token recipientintheTransfer()event.Thelistof
token holders can be obtained by checking all these events or by
exploring the contract storage using blockchain explorers.

22

Payment Terms, Distribution and Rates
ICOS tokens will be available for purchaseatpublicpresalestartingonAugust9,
2017. The presale will continue until August 15, 2017. The regular sale of ICOS

tokens
 will start on August 15, 2017 and will continue until September15,2017.

Below are the sale terms9:


Early Bird Presale

Presale

Early Bird ICO

ICO 1st

ICO 2nd

Dates and time

August 9, 2017
12:00 PM - 3:00 PM

August 9, 2017, 3:00 PM 
August 15, 2017, 12:00 PM

August 15, 2017, 12:00 PM 
August 17, 2017, 12:00 PM

August 17, 2017, 12:00 PM
September 1, 2017, 12:00 PM

September 1, 2017, 12:00 PM
September 15, 2017, 12:00 PM

Price

Min purchase

0.008 BTC

10,000 ICOS

0.009 BTC

1,000 ICOS

0.01 BTC

1 ICOS

0.011 BTC

1 ICOS

0.012 BTC

1 ICOS


Tokens can be purchased with BTC, ETH, LTC, Dash, Zcash, ETC, or USD (wire
transfer) at tokensale.icobox.io. Transfers can be made from any BTC, ETH,LTC,

9

ICOBox reserves the right to oer special terms for strategic customers and partners.

23

Dash, Zcash or ETC wallet10. For transfers of 1,000 USDandover,awiretransfer
option is available. 





Token buyers must register attokensale.icobox.io,enteringandconrmingtheir
email address. After the registration, users gain access to their personal
accounts at tokensale.icobox.io where they will have separate wallets for BTC,
ETH, LTC, Dash, Zcash, ETC, or USD. In their accounts users can choose the
desired number of ICOS tokens and transfer the required payment amount in
one of the accepted cryptocurrencies or generate an invoice for a wire transfer.
Once the payment is received, funds will appear in the corresponding wallet in
the users account and may be used for purchasingICOStokens.Untilthetoken
purchase is made, the funds may be withdrawn from the account at
tokensale.icobox.io at any moment by sending a request to support@icobox.io.
Tokens are purchased at the price in eect at the time of purchasing,notatthe
price in eect at the time when funds have been sent or received by the
platform. When buying tokens with currency other than BTC, the exchange rate
is xed at the time of token purchase.
Accountsattokensale.icobox.iowillbeaccessibleseveraldaysbeforethestartof
the ICOS token sale. Users will be able to sign up and make transfers to their
ICOS accounts, but will not have the option to buy ICOS tokens with deposited
funds until the start oftheICOStokenpresale.Totakepartinthepublicpresale,
a buyer will need to purchase at least the specied minimum number of ICOS
tokens (10,000 or 1,000 ICOS tokens, depending on the date and time of
purchase). The general ICOS token sale has no minimum entrance threshold,
except for the minimum transferamountspeciedbytherelevantblockchainor
bank used by the buyer.
After the token purchase is complete, the information about ICOS tokens
credited to the ICOS buyers should appear in their accounts at
tokensale.icobox.io immediately.

 ICOBox does not charge anyprocessingfees.Processingtimeandfeesaredeterminedby
the payment processor. Token holders are responsible for paying all processing fees and
nancial charges imposed by the payment processor in connection with the payment,
including withdrawals from the account at tokensale.icobox.io.
10

24


After the ICOS token sale is over, a personal account will be automatically
generated at icos.icobox.io for every ICOS token holder. ICOS tokens will be
issued andtransferredtotheseaccounts.Oncethisstepiscomplete,ICOStoken
holders may at any time transfer their ICOS tokenstoanythird-partyETHwallet
supporting ERC-20 standard. However, ICOS tokens must remain in their
accounts at icos.icobox.io if ICOS token holders wish to participate in voting,
comment on projects, or exchange them to new ICO projects tokens.
All proceeds from the ICOBoxs ICOS token sale will be deposited in escrow
where they will be kept in BTC. Original payments made in other currencies will
be converted to BTC and also deposited in escrow.
The funds will be released from escrow to ICOBox in step with thefulllmentof
ICOBox obligations to ICOS token holders in the following order:
 50% of the amount for each new ICO project to be released at the time
when the project is chosen by token holders vote; and
 50% of theamounttobereleasedatthetimewhentokensofthenewICO
project are placed on ICOS platform11.
Once ICOS token sale ends, no further deposits to the accounts at
tokensale.icobox.io will be permitted. Decisions on how to handle the funds
received after the end of the ICOStokensalewillbemadebasedonthetransfer
date and time. Only transfers sent outbeforetheendoftheICOStokensalewill
be accepted; the rest will be returned to sender in the originalformofpayment
minus transfer fees and bank charges. Accepted funds and all other funds
remaining in users personalaccountsattokensale.icobox.iowillbeconvertedto

 If a selected project fails to complete its ICO, and its tokens are not placed on the ICOS
platform, ICOBox will retain the 50% prepayment but will forfeit the remaining 50% of the
payment. If a selected project revises its plans and cancels its ICO after ICOBox received the
prepayment but before it commenced its work, ICOBox will send back the prepayment amount
to the escrow. If a selected project fails to complete its ICOafteritstokenshavebeenplacedon
the ICOS platform, ICOBox will retain the full payment; and ICOS tokens exchanged by their
holders for the respective cancelled new projects tokens will revert to their holders.
11

25

ICOS tokens automatically at the purchase price in eect at the end of theICOS
token sale. For funds in currencies other than BTC, the exchange rate will be
xed at the time of conversion. Users who wish to withdraw their funds from
their accounts must contact the support team at support@icobox.io no later
than 12:00 PM PDT on September 15, 2017 to avoid automatic conversion. At
12:00 PM PDT on September 22, 2017, ICOStokenswillbeissuedtoparticipants
and deposited in their accounts on icos.icobox.io. If a payment is received after
12:00 PM PDT on September 21, 2017, such payment will bereturnedtosender
minus transfer fees and bank charges even if it wassentbeforetheendofICOS
token sale.
For every 100 ICOS tokens sold through the ICOBox's ICO 20 additional tokens
will be issued for distribution to partners, advisors, bounty participants,andthe
team members. Since ICOBoxteamgetsanincentiveintheformofICOStokens,
a standard bonus in the form of discount for a set number of new projects
tokens12 is not required.




12



See Section Scope of the ICOBox Project for details.

26

Projected Timeline
 April: start of the ICOBox project development
 July 1, 2017: ICOBox project launch;
 August 9, 2017: public ICOS presale start;
 August 15, 2017  September 15, 20017: general sale of ICOS tokens;
 August 15, 2017: collection of applications start
 September 1, 2017: ICO application platform launch
 September 22, 2017: ICOS token issue
 October 2, 2017: rst voting, selection of 10 projects for new ICOs
The project end date dependsontheamountoffundsraisedthroughtheICOof
ICOS tokens. All net proceeds from the sale of ICOS tokens will go towards
providing the ICOBox tools to promising crowdselling projects chosen by ICOS
token holders by voting. This arrangement will continue while the funds raised
through ICOS sale last.
If the remaining funds cannot be divided by the ICOBoxs exchange rates,
ICOboxs services for the last ICO project will be provided at a discounted price.
For example, if theamountofremainingfundsis45BTC,thelastICOprojectwill
receive a full package of ICOBox services at a discount of 5 BTC. Even if the
amount of the remaining funds is minimal, ICOS token holders may still vote to
choose a project which needs afullICOBoxservicespackage.Forexample,ifthe
amount of remaining funds is 1 BTC,ICOStokenholdersmaystillchooseanICO
project which needs 1, 2 or all 3 solutions oered by ICOBox.
Consequently, there is no minimumamountoffundstoberaised:iftheamount
of funds raised is less than the cost of the full ICOBox service package (50 BTC)

27

or less than even oneseparateICOBoxsolution(25BTC)foroneICOproject,the
funds will be allocated based on the "last ICO" principle.







28

Team


Mike Raitsyn
CEO


Nik Evdokimov
Vision Director


Taras Kozlov
Tech Lead

Anar Babaev
CMO





Dmitry Kovalchouk
Business Analyst

Sergei Motov
Legal Counsel





Alexey Zarya
Business Analyst

Dmitry
Khovratovich
Security and Smart
Contract CTO

Mikhail Vladimirov
Smart Contract
Developer





Dima Zaitsev
Head of
International PR





Vlad Shchetinin
Business Analyst



Daniel Minkov
Senior Product
Manager







Nikita Marin
Business Analyst

Eduard
Dzhamgaryan
Business Analyst












Aleksey Kuleshov
Senior Software
Engineer







Vitaly Pirozhkov
Business Analyst







Mike Volkov
Business Analyst





29

Risk Factors
The purchase of tokens involves a high degree of risk, including but not limited
to the risks described below. Before acquiring ICOS tokens, it is recommended
that each participant carefully weighs all the information and risks detailed in
this White Paper, and, specically, the following risk factors.
A. Dependence on computer infrastructure
ICOBox's dependence on functioning software applications,computerhardware
and the Internet implies that ICOBox can oer no assurances that a system
failure would not adversely aect the use of the sale participants ICOS tokens.
Despite ICOBox's implementation of all reasonable network security measures,
its processing center servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or
electronic break-ins or other disruptions of a similar nature. Computer viruses,
break-ins or other disruptions causedbythirdpartiesmayresultininterruption,
delay or suspension of services, which would limit the use of the ICOS tokens.
B. Smart contract limitations
Smart contract technology is still in its early stages of development, and its
application is of experimental nature. This may carry signicant operational,
technological, regulatory, reputational and nancial risks. Consequently,
although the audit conducted by independent third party increases the level of
security, reliability, and accuracy, this audit cannot serve as any form of
warranty, including any expressed or implied warranty that the ICOS Smart
Contract is t for purpose or that it contains no aws, vulnerabilities or issues
which could cause technical problems or the complete loss of ICOS tokens.
C. Regulatory risks
Blockchain technology, including but not limitedtotheissueoftokens,maybea
new concept in some jurisdictions, which may then apply existing laws or
introduce new regulations regarding Blockchain technology-based applications,
and such regulations may conict with the current ICOS smart contract setup

30

and ICOS token concept. This may result in the need to make substantial
modications to the ICOS smart contract, including but not limited to its
termination, the loss of ICOS tokens, and the suspension or termination of all
ICOS token functions.
D. Taxes
ICOS token holders may be required to pay taxes associated with the
transactions contemplated herein, whetherintheUnitedStatesorintheirhome
countries. ItwillbeasoleresponsibilityofICOStokenholderstocomplywiththe
tax laws of the United States and other jurisdictions applicable to themandpay
all relevant taxes.
E. Force Majeure
ICOBoxs performance may be interrupted, suspended or delayed due to force
majeure circumstances. For the purposes of this White Paper, force majeure
shall mean extraordinary events and circumstances which could not be
prevented by ICOBox and shall include: acts of nature, wars, armed conicts,
mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns,
prolonged shortage or other failures of energy supplies or communication
service, acts of municipal, state or federal governmental agencies, other
circumstances beyond ICOBox's control, which were not inexistenceatthetime
of White Paper release. If such circumstances occur prior to the issue of ICOS
tokens and ICOBox is unable to issue ICOS tokens within one month from the
projected date, the escrow agent may issue a refund at the request of the ICOS
token purchasers. The refund will be issued in the original amount and form of
payment to the same digital wallet or bank account where the funds were
transferred from.
F. Disclosure of information
Personal information received from ICOS token holders, the information about
the number of tokens owned, the walletaddressesused,andanyotherrelevant
information may be disclosed to law enforcement, government ocials, and
other third parties when ICOBox isrequiredtodisclosesuchinformationbylaw,

31

subpoena, or court order. ICOBox shall at no time be held responsible for such
information disclosure.
G. Value of ICOS token
Once purchased, the value of ICOS token may signicantly uctuate due to
various reasons.ICOBoxdoesnotguaranteeanyspecicvalueoftheICOStoken
over any specic period of time. ICOBox shall not be held responsible for any
change in the value of ICOS token.
H. Number of submissions by ICO projects
ICOBox does not guarantee any number of ICO projects applicationssubmitted
through its platform and/oravailableforvoting.ICOBoxhascontroloverneither
the number of projects applying for an ICO nor over their quality. The expected
number of submissions is based on the numberofinquiriesreceivedbyICOBox
to date and ICOBoxs market forecasts. The number of submissions and the
number of projects presented for voting may vary and may not reach the
expected volume, which may ultimately aecttheexpectedlengthoftheproject
and the ICOS token holders ability to exchange their tokens for the new ICO
projects tokens at the anticipated rate and discount. 
I. Number of new ICO projects tokens available for exchange
The number of new ICO projects tokens available for exchange for ICOS tokens
may vary due to multiple factors such as the amount of funds received by
ICOBox through the sale of its ICOS tokens, the total number of ICOS tokens
sold, market conditions, legal regulations, and other risks. ICOBox does not
guarantee any specic number of new projects tokens available for exchange
for an ICOS token at any given time.
J. Incomplete ICO
ICOBox oers only technology, marketing, and legal tools to projects seeking to
conduct their own ICOs. ICOBox has no control over the actions of the projects
teams. ICOBox will provide its tools to any project selected by the ICOS token
holders.However,ICOBoxshallnotberesponsibleforthecompletionorsuccess
32

of any ICOifsuchfailureresultedfromtheactionsoftheprojectsteamsorthird
parties. Existence of projects which received paid services but failed to issue its
tokens may negatively impact ICOS token exchange rate.
K. Bitcoin volatility
ICOBoxs services are priced in bitcoins. However, certain services included in
ICOBox service package are paid for by ICOBox in USD (for instance, marketing
trac). The bitcoin exchange rate volatility may impact the company's ability to
provide services at the indicated prices.

Assumptions with respect to the foregoing involve, among other things,
judgments about the future economic, competitive and market conditions and
business decisions, most of which are beyond the control of the ICOBox team
and therefore dicult or impossible to accurately predict. Although the ICOBox
team believes that its assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements
are reasonable, any of thesemayprovetobeinaccurate.Asaresult,theICOBox
team can oer no assurances that the forward-looking statements contained in
this White Paper will provetobeaccurate.Inlightofthesignicantuncertainties
inherent in the forward-looking statements contained herein, the inclusion of
such information may not be interpretedasawarrantyonthepartofICOBoxor
any other entity that the objectives and plans of the ICOBox project will be
successfully achieved.

Please note that the ICOBox project may be subject to other risks not foreseen
by its team at this time.

33

Whitepaper

CONTENTS

1.

ABSTRACT

1

1.1

What is iDice

1

1.2

Provably Fair

1

2.

INTRODUCTION

2

2.1

Market Analysis

2

2.2

iDice Solution

3

3.

OUR VISION

4

3.1

Mission Statement

4

3.2

Executive Summary

4

3.3

Development Roadmap

5

3.4

iDice Mobile

5

4.

TOKEN CREATION EVENT

6

4.1

Details

6

4.2

How to Join

6

5.

iDice TOKEN

7

5.1

Ownership Rights

7

5.2

Conversion Schedule

7

5.3

iDice Token Architecture

8

5.4

Other Features

8

6.

Use of Funds

9

7.

Disclaimer

10

1.
ABSTRACT
1.1 What is iDice
iDice is a dice gambling Dapp powered by the Ethereum network. iDice allows players to:


Place bets in units of Ether.



Bet on the house by holding iDice tokens.

100% of all profit iDice earns is distributed amongst token holders, proportional to the number
of tokens they hold. eg. If you hold 5% of all tokens, you will receive 5% of all profit generated
by iDice. iDice token holders enjoy the advantage of the house edge always being in their favor.
Token holders should always return a profit according to the law of large numbers. The house
edge will be set competitively and token holders have an expected value that is always equivalent to the house edge.
iDice has a fully transparent source code available at etherscan.io. iDice does not require deposits nor sign ups. The payout of games is always immediate.

1.2 Provably Fair

iDice uses open source blockchain-based Oraclize.it to
retrieve a random integer supplied by Random.org via
TLSNotary. The iDice smart contract then performs encryption on the integer provided by Random.org and the
IPFS address of the TLSNotary proof to compute the
game result.
This method is the safest and most reliable method for
iDice to generate random numbers without 3rd party interference of the games final result. You find our contract source code on our website iDice.io under the
Contracts section of the main menu. Our contracts are
available to the public on etherscan.io

1

2.
INTRODUCTION
2.1 Market Opportunity
The market size of the world-wide online gambling industry is estimated to be $ 47.11 billion
USD. At the time of this writing, Bitcoin has a market cap of $40.9 billion USD with roughly
$1.56 billion USD worth of BTC being exchanged every 24 hour period[1]. It is estimated that at
least 50% of all these transactions are gambling related[2].
Ethereum has a Market Cap of $21.5 billion USD[1], with roughly
$550.8 million worth of Ether exchanged every 24 hour period
[1]
. Due to the programmable ability to run smart-contracts on
the blockchain, large international institutions are beginning to
find ways to leverage this network to reduce business costs.
This is the primary advantage Ethereum has over bitcoin.
Ethereum has experience tremendous growth over the past
year, with prices rising by a factor of 21. Such tremendous
growth rates highlight a growing need for experienced, honest
and reliable Dapps.
In addition, there is a huge opportunity in blockchain gambling
that exists in mobile development. Today, the majority of internet traffic come from mobile devices. It is reported that 60% of all searches[3] and the majority of all internet traffic are coming
from mobile devices. Internet traffic coming from mobile platforms has surpassed desktops in
2016[4], and that number is still growing today.

1. Source: [https://coinmarketcap.com/]
2. Source: [http://lsvp.com/2013/08/23/at-least-half-of-all-bitcoin-transactions-are-for-online-gambling/]
3. Source: [http://www.smartinsights.com/mobile-marketing/mobile-marketing-analytics/mobile-marketing
-statistics/]
4. Source: [http://searchengineland.com/report-nearly-60-percent-searches-now-mobile-devices-255025]

2

2.2 iDice Solution
iDice is a service which provides a provably-fair and transparent, web-based Ethereum dice
gambling Dapp. iDice game code is decentralized and immutable. Players can play on iDice.io
knowing that iDice behaves in a provably-fair manner, thanks to the nature of the Ethereum
protocol.
Our smart contract layer runs entirely on the Ethereum Blockchain.


Auditable



Transparent



Verifiable

The Decentralized Nature of Ethereum protocol ensures that iDice is immutable and always
available, with no possibility of downtime via DDOS attacks, hosting issues, or other forms of
intended interruption to the service.
iDice is not looking to compete with pre-existing gambling Dapps like vDice and Etheroll. We
seek to find our own niche in the mobile app market by specifically targetting mobile users.
There is currently no other mobile gambling app in the sector. Our mobile gambling app will be
the first of its kind and will grant us a monopoly over mobile gambling that will last for several
months before there will be any competitors that enter the segment. By the time competitors
enter the market, our mobile app will already feature multiple game types such as blackjack,
slots, roulettes and more, guaranteeing our top position in the mobile app segment.

3

3.
Our Vision
3.1 Mission Statement
Our mission at iDice is to provide the best open source platform for decentralized gambling
that offers a smooth and reliable user experience without any sacrifice in safety and security of
our users.

3.2 Executive Summary

iDice is a platform for fully decentralized blockchain gambling Dapps. Powered by the Ethereum
network, we are the worlds first fully decentralized gambling Dapp. The iDice platform provides our players with a fully transparent and fair gambling experience without the use of any
server architecture. All our games compute results through an oracle and are completely open
source, allowing us to provide the smoothest and most reliable experience without any compromise in the safety and security of our users.
iDice users can relax knowing that their wallets are not at risk of getting hacked when using the
iDice platform. Unlike traditional gambling Dapps such as SatoshiDICE, there are no servers, no
accounts, and no deposits required on the iDice platform. Our players can play our games from
the safety of their own wallets. Our platforms trust and safety is guaranteed by the Ethereum
blockchain.
iDices revolutionary platform is open source, which means anyone can use our platform to create their own gambling Dapp and utilize the iDice brand. Players can play these games knowing
that they can put their trust in the code without having to worry about any conflict of interest
with the developers.

4

3.3 Development Roadmap

Our mission at iDice is to provide the best open source platform for decentralized gambling
that offers a smooth and reliable user expeience without any sacrifice in safety and security of
our users.

3.4 iDice Mobile

To this date, there is still a lack of a high performance mobile
gambling app that is powered by Blockchain Technology. We
believe that mobile development is a huge opportunity for the
iDice platform to showcase its superior performance over its
competitors. iDice Mobile will be the worlds first fully decentralized mobile gambling app so that iDice will stay with our users wherever they go.

5

4.
Token Creation Event
4.1 Details
iDice token creation event will commence on June 12, 2017 at UTC 0:00 and end on June 26,
2017 at UTC 0:00.


Only Ether can be contributed and turned into iDice tokens



The token sale will last 14 days



iDice tokens will be distributed in response to ETH contributions



No more iDice tokens will be created after this period



Contributions within the first hour will have a creation ratio of 200:1 ETH



Contributions within the first 7 days will have a creation ratio of 170:1 ETH



Contributions within the last 7 days will have a creation ratio of 130:1 ETH



500,000 tokens will be pre-allocated to the development team.



Any tokens that remain unsold after the token creation phase will be destroyed.

4.2 How to Join
1. Go to: https://crowdsale.idice.io
2. Click the button that says JOIN OUR CROWDSALE
3. Follow the instructions prompted by the site

4. You can claim your tokens once the crowdsale is over.

6

5.
iDice TOKENS
The iDice token is a standard Ethereum ERC 20 token with additional functionality for the purpose of being used within the iDice ecosystem. iDice tokens are minted in a one off event during our limited 14 day token creation phase.

5.1 Ownership Rights
Each iDice token grants the owner the following rights:


Direct EarningsProportional to the number of tokens they hold. Token holders as a collective receive 100% of the profit generated by iDice. Ether is generated by the game via
players losing bets. Token holders are exposed to each bet that is processed on the
platform with the advantage of the 1% house-edge always being in their favor. The profit
from iDice is sent to the token contract and is accumulated in its balance.



Fully TransferrableThe iDice token will be fully exchangeable and available for trade on
exchanges.

5.2 Conversion Schedule
iDice tokens are limited in supply. Minted only during our token creation phase for a total of 14
days, there is a total of 5,000,000 iDice tokens on offer. The development team will be pre allocated 500,000 tokens.
START DATE: June 12, 2017 at UTC 00:00

END DATE: June 26, 2017 at UTC 00:00
Each token holder gets an amount of token proportional to the ETH they deposit into the
crowdsale (ICO), in these ratios:
iDice Power Hour (1st hour of launch): 200:1 ETH
First 7 days: 170:1 ETH
Last 7 days: :130:1 ETH
Total supply: 5,000,000

7

5.3 iDice Token Architecture (ICE TOKENS)
ICE tokens are standard ERC 20 smart contracts. They will be fully transferable and will grant
the token holder the right to claim a portion of iDices profits in proportion to the total # of ICE
tokens. Eg. If someone has 20,000 ICE tokens and there is a total of 5million tokens, they will be
entitled to have (200,000/5,000,000*100%)=4% of all profit that iDice generates.
We are in the midst of having our tokens listed on various exchanges. Token holders will be free
to buy and sell ICE tokens once they are listed.

5.4 Other Features
iDice tokens are the safest and simplest approach to distribute iDice game profits to investors.
There will be a separate smart contract that token holders can excute with withdraw the iDice
profits they are entitled to. Token holders will be able withdraw profits every month. (Note: We
are working hard to automate the profit withdrawl process so this may be improved and updated in the future.)
iDice tokens are fully transferable and exchangeable on exchanges. We are currently in the
midst of contacting exchanges to get listed

8

6.
USE OF FUNDS
35% of all Ether raised during the crowdfund will become the house bankroll to pay winning
bets. Token Holders as a collective receive 100% of iDice game profits.

30% of all Ether raised will be used by iDice development team to fund further development of
the iDice Platform, as well as to fund the development and implementation of other game
types on the iDice platform.

20% of all Ether raised will be used in the development and launch of the worlds first mobile
blockchain gambling app, which will be available for both Android and IOS Devices.

15% of all Ether raised will be used for promotion and marketing purposes.

*These numbers are on a projection and may change depending on the amount raised from the crowdsale. *

9

7.
DISCLAIMER
iDice tokens are native of the iDice blockchain Dapp. It cannot be deemed to be any kind of equity of any real-world company. This Initial Crowdsale-Offering is not distributing equity of iDice
in anyway. There are always technological, political and market risks associated with the Blockchain industry. iDice is not responsible for any losses that occur due these risks.

10

The iEx.ec project
Blueprint For a Blockchain-based Fully Distributed Cloud
Infrastructure

White Paper
March 18th, 2017
Version 2.0

Release Candidate

Page 2 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

1. Vision
Building a Fully Distributed Cloud for Blockchain-based
Distributed Applications
iEx.ec aims at providing distributed applications running on the blockchain a scalable, secure and easy
access to the services, the data-sets and the computing resources they need. This technology
relies on the Ethereum smart contracts and allows building a virtual Cloud infrastructure that provides
high-performance computing services on demand.
iEx.ec leverages a set of research technologies that have been developed at the INRIA and CNRS
research institutes in the field of Desktop Grid computing. The idea of Desktop Grid (aka Volunteer
Computing) is to collect the computer resources underutilized on the Internet to execute very large
parallel applications at the fraction of the cost of a traditional supercomputer.
iEx.ec relies on XtremWeb-HEP, a mature, solid, and open-source Desktop Grid software which
implements all the needed features: fault-tolerance, multi-applications, multi-users, hybrid public/private
infrastructure, deployment of virtual images, data management, security and accountability, and many
more.
iEx.ec is developing a new Proof-of-Contribution protocol, that will allow off-chain consensus.
Thanks to the Proof-of-Contribution, external resource providers will have their resources usage
certified directly in the blockchain. iEx.ec aims to deploy a scalable, high-performance, secure and
manageable infrastructure sidechain that will promote a new form of distributed governance, implying
key HPC, Big Data and Cloud industry leaders.
We believe in a future of decentralised infrastructure and market network, where Big Data and HPC
applications, highly valued data-sets, and computing resources (storage, CPU, GPU ...) will be
monetized on the blockchain with the highest level of transparency, resiliency and security - and
iEx.ec as the key platform powering this future!

iEx.ec is just the beginning of a new era!

Page 3 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

2. The Team
iEx.ec is built upon the work our team members have done at the INRIA and CNRS research institutes
in the field of Desktop Grid computing since 2000. Our breakthrough innovations in the area of large
scale data processing, data management, parallel computing, security and dependability, QoS
technologies and interoperability have resulted in over 80 top-quality scientific papers in top scientific
conferences and journals.
The iEx.ec team was instrumental in establishing the European Desktop Grid Infrastructure,
transparently executing millions of jobs on more than 200.000 nodes and working with organisations
like Large Hadron Collider. We had been in constant relationship with key industrial companies like
Total, Airbus, Orange, IFP Energy, as well as innovative startups.
From 2012 to 2014, Gilles Fedak, Haiwu He, Oleg Lodygensky and Mircea Moca were seeking solutions
for implementing a distributed Cloud based on Desktop Grid technology. A serious drawback was the
lack of a mechanism to register and prove the contribution of participants - of different natures:
application, data, computing resources and even human expertise.
In 2015, Gilles Fedak discovered the Ethereum technology and first started to use smart contracts to
implement distributed resource management. Now we are confident that the conjunction of Desktop
Grid computing and blockchain has the potential to disrupt the whole Cloud, Big Data, and HPC
economy.
Since the beginning of 2016, the core team has rapidly expanded to include blockchain hackers,
business developers and PR specialists. From a research project, iEx.ec is now a company, whose
headquarters are in Lyon, France, also with a subsidiary incubated at the famous Tsinghua University
X-elerator in Beijing, China.

Page 4 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

Founders

Gilles Fedak
CEO, co-founder

Haiwu He
Chief scientist, co-founder

Inventors
Mircea Moca
Business developer,
Fintech expert, inventor

Oleg Lodygensky
Technical leader, inventor

Core developers

Mehdi Amari
Blockchain Developer

Hamid Ben
Blockchain Expert

Jose Francisco Saray
Data Management

Communication & PR

Agnes Fedak
Communication

Julien Berenger
Community Manager

Heithem Abbes
System Architect

Page 5 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

3. Problem
3.1. Blockchain computing challenges
Blockchains like Ethereum offer a new approach to run decentralized applications; often called DApps
in this context. Ethereum allows programmers to write smart contracts - code which is executed on
the blockchain virtual machine. This represents a potential revolution in designing and executing
services like investment, finance, crowdfunding, internet of things, insurance, prediction markets,
gambling, distributed data processing, and others - in essence, disrupting a wide swath of incumbents.
Despite their unique promise, blockchains offer very limited computing capacities to run
decentralized applications: few kilobytes of storage, very inefficient virtual machine and very high
latency protocol. Eventually, blockchain technology will evolve to overcome some of these issues, but
there will be a growing need to provide additional capacities to all but the simplest applications.

3.2 Traditional computing infrastructure challenges
The existing Clouds cannot fulfill the requirements of DApps that need fully decentralized infrastructures
for their execution.
Meanwhile, there is a growing demand for computing power from industries and scientific communities
to run large applications and process huge volumes of data. The computing power to run Big Data
application is most often provided by Cloud and High Performance Computing (HPC) infrastructures.
However, Cloud and HPC infrastructure is complex and expensive. That means that innovative
small businesses often dont have the means and the expertise to acquire and operate HPC platforms,
while traditional Cloud infrastructure vendors like Amazon AWS are still very expensive for demanding
applications (e.g. GPU rendering). Furthermore, data-centers consume a lot of energy for running the
servers and the cooling systems, which is costly and impact negatively the environment.
We need a new form of distributed Cloud that can enable blockchain computing and lower the cost of
infrastructure usage.

Page 6 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

4. Solution
4.1 Technical overview
iEx.ec will support the emerging class of blockchain-based distributed applications and enable costeffective high-performance computing by building a distributed Cloud infrastructure.
A Blockchain-based Distributed Cloud will allow on-demand, secure and low-cost access to the most
competitive computing infrastructures. DApps will rely on iEx.ec to automatically search, find, provision,
use, release all the computing resources they need: applications, data, and servers.

Thus, we envision a new eco-system of companies offering storage, computer farms, data providers,
web hosting, SaaS applications, and all making business to others through iEx.ec. The Distributed Cloud
will open new markets for aggressive usage of existing computing infrastructure. To lower the
amount of energy required to run the servers and the air conditioning systems, servers can be pushed
out of the data center. By easing the access to such machines, a Distributed Cloud would allow to
drastically decrease the environmental footprint of data centers, while bringing the data closer to
their producers and consumers.

Page 7 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

4.2 Core Value Proposition
iEx.ec addresses the needs of all the distributed computing ecosystem participants:
 DApps providers so that they can perform off-chain computations on demand.
 Application providers can radically lower the computing costs of their distributed applications
by using safe, robust and reliable iEx.ec infrastructure.
 Data providers can expand their potential market size by integrating their services with iEx.ec
Cloud.
 Server providers can monetize underused computing resources and increase the return on
investment on their existing infrastructure by seeking higher profits in providing their servers to
the iEx.ec distributed Cloud.

Existing infrastructure providers
iEx.ec allows rapid monetisation of existing computing resources for home users or additional
monetisation for existing infrastructure providers like miners. Functionalities like sharing spare cycles,
using servers in a compensatory approach and usage of resources from different providers without the
hassle of resource management allows new use cases and simple additional monetisation.

Distributed applications or Cloud infrastructure users
iEx.ec will provide computing resources to distributed applications at a much lower cost than traditional
blockchain computing resources, helping them drive more value for their customers. Transparent
reputation of resource providers will reward reliable providers, with integrated Quality-of-Service
controls providing the required level of computing resources. Support for different resource providers
and full visibility into partial contributions from each provider will also contribute to transparency.

4.3 Key technological advancements
Developing a robust distributed computing market network requires several technical breakthroughs:
 Development of a Proof-of-Contribution protocol to offer provable consensus, traceability,
and trust
 Development of smart contracts to enable acquisition and provisioning of computing
resources and automatic post-execution payment
 Development of technology that allows DApps to access off-chain computing resources on
demand
 Development of technology to advertise and utilize computing resources on the market
network
 Developing a solid quality
 Implementing support for Service Level Agreements in resource utilisation by tracing
resource usage and providing verification of SLA fulfillment to both customer and provider
The upcoming solutions proposed by iEx.ec will position it as the worlds premier distributed computing
market - and with a proof of concept that is running today!

Page 8 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

5. Why now
Convergence of several trends has created the optimal business environment for a distributed Cloud
infrastructure.
First, the emergence of blockchain Proof-of-work tokens of value has resulted in vast pools of
computing resources that are optimised to seek the highest return on investment, providing ample
resources on the supply side.
Second, smart contracts have reached the point where they can include all the complexity of a
market network for distributed computing resources, vastly simplifying the infrastructure.
And third, in addition to traditional Cloud computing users, a new breed of distributed applications is
coming into prominence, disrupting the incumbents and showing potential great promise for the
future.

Page 9 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

6. Market
6.1 DApps market
iEx.ec will deliver the essential building blocks on which our customers rely to run their applications.
Firstly we will focus on the requirements of DApp providers allowing them to perform off-chain
computations. These promising applications have recently created big expectations for entrepreneurs
from different industries. By their nature, these applications are decentralized, hence being the perfect
candidates for the goals of iEx.ec. The blockchain applications market is estimated to have a significant
annual compound growth rate of 61.5%, reaching $2.3bn in 2021. Among the main blockchain
technology vendors are Microsoft Corporation (U.S.), IBM Corporation (U.S.), Deloitte (U.S.), Ripple
(U.S.).

6.2 Traditional Cloud market
Then we will allow traditional Cloud services to be run in a new fashion within our distributed Cloud,
enhanced by the Ethereum blockchain and iEx.ec sidechain. More precisely, iEx.ec will provide Compute
and Service management services through a configurable resource management service, adapting the
provisioned resources to particular use cases and execution behaviors. In the recent years, we see a
stabilized increasing rate for the IaaS market. Therefore, iEx.ec is entering a promising, developing
market (currently with the fastest growing rate).

Also, the Cloud IaaS market is growing fast, displaying an
estimated market increase for public PaaS and SaaS of 400% by
2020 and around 700% by 2026 from a $12bn current market.
iEx.ec team will identify the areas where its distributed Cloud
market network can best compete with existing Cloud
infrastructure providers and focus its efforts there.
iEx.ecs speed to market due to a comprehensive existing
technological foundation will afford us first mover advantage,
positioning iEx.ec as the go-to computing provider for the killer
distributed applications of the future.

Page 10 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

6.3 eFast Business use case
Based on the typical distributed application requirement, we have prepared a business use-case for a
service that improves financial trading based on sophisticated computational methods that require HPC
for their execution - eFast.
eFast is an application created with the goal of helping small investors improve their trading decisions
via different services - like clusterization of stocks based on sophisticated computational methods. The
computational complexity requires high performance computing (HPC) for the execution - until now,
available only to large financial institutions. By using the iEx.ec distributed Cloud as a virtual
supercomputer, eFast will be able to offer its clients a budget friendly and secure service to improve
their investment decisions.
Each new service developed in eFast will be sold directly on the blockchain, similarly to the Softwareas-a-Service approach from traditional Cloud. eFast customers will use dedicated smart contracts,
which define the eFast functionalities and usage rights within iEx.ec.
An important feature of iEx.ec is the interconnection between applications, services, data and
computing resources. In this use case, eFast is using data and computing resource providers
available via blockchain technologies.

Data providers
Data is an important source of business, technical and scientific innovation. This has driven the
emergence of a blockchain-based data market with companies like Ledgys and Kaiko.com - an archive
of cryptocurrency stock exchange data. iEx.ec will enable eFast, the application provider, to connect to
the data provider Kaiko.com, enabling eFast to run based on a specific user-defined portfolio.

Computing resource providers
Any computing resource provider will be able to provide its computing resources on the iEx.ec
blockchain. This could include traditional Cloud service providers like Amazon AWS or Microsoft Azure,
decentralized Cloud service providers like Qarnot Computing or Stimergy or blockchain mining
companies like Genesis Mining which are always looking to optimize their resource profitability - for
example, running HPC computation in conjunction with mining Ethereum blocks.

Page 11 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

iEx.ec customer selects eFast as the application provider, Kaiko as the data provider and Stimergy as
the resource provider. Their application, data, and resource are represented as smart contracts
deployed on the blockchain, embedding their terms of use.

6.4 Competitive landscape
We restrict our review of the competitive landscape to the blockchain related activities, in particular to
projects offering: off-chain computations, data hosting, and computing resources.
Several projects allows for executing computation on untrusted resources, like Enigma or Truebit. While
these projects are interesting from a research point of view, they often rely on solutions that severely
limit their applicability (like Multi-Party Computation for Enigma). In contrast, Proof-of-Contribution
allows to integrate any legacy applications or libraries.
iEx.ec doesnt compete with blockchain-based online storage solution like StorJ, Filecoin or Sia. Instead,
iEx.ec allows the monetization of data sets usage, i.e. data access for a particular application execution.
Oraclize acts as an intermediary between the smart contract and the source of data providing the
guaranty that no-one else can push a wrong data within the smart contract. These are complementary
technologies, with which synergies can be found.
There exists few projects that offer computing resources through the blockchain. Gridcoin creates a
cryptocurrency based on the computations provided to Boinc-based volunteer projects, thus it is mainly
limited to altruistic contributions for scientific projects. Golem and iEx.ec share the same vision of a new
Internet infrastructure enabled by the blockchain. However, their go-to-market strategies differ. Golem
aims at first assembling a virtual supercomputer to attract regular HPC users to their platform, while
iEx.ec first focuses on supporting DApps to build a distributed Cloud that eventually will be competitive
enough to attract Cloud and HPC users.
Besides, iEx.ec has the following advantages compared with existing and future challengers:
 Reduced time-to-market as iEx.ec is backed by mature technologies
 Enterprise oriented features
 Proof-of-contribution incentives for network growth and optimal usage of the platform
 Revenue model at each version of the development roadmap

Page 12 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

7. iEx.ec technology overview (Product)
iEx.ec is a combination of Desktop Grid Computing and Blockchain technologies.

7.1 Background: Desktop Grid Computing
Desktop Grid (i.e. Volunteer Computing) uses the underutilized computing resources to execute very
large parallel applications at the fraction of the cost of a traditional supercomputer. Some examples
include well-known applications like SETI@Home, Folding@home, and distributed.net.
Desktop Grid Computing includes several features that makes it a good platform for a fully Distributed
Cloud:
 resilience: if some nodes fail, the computation continues on other working nodes.
 efficiency: applications get excellent performances even if computing nodes are highly
heterogeneous.
 ease of deployment: allows to use any nodes without specific configuration, even those
located on the edge of the Internet.
This makes Desktop Grid the perfect solution for assembling hybrid infrastructures, whose computing
resources can range from classical high performance computing clusters, Cloud infrastructure providers
and home personal computers.

Building Distributed Cloud
Parallel computing
N-faults resilience

Large Scale Data
Management

BitDew

MPICH-V
2000

SpeQuloS

2003
2001

XtremWeb
1st Internet P2P Global
Computing Platform
Bag-of Task Application
Multi-users & multiapplications

QoS for Best-effort
infrastructure

2010
2012

2008

XtremWeb-HEP
Grid & Cloud
Highly secure
Virtualization
Hybrid public/private
Infrastructure

MapReduce
Big Data
1st Implementation of
MapReduce for
Internet Computing

Tens of users/applications: Finance, HEP, biomedical
research
>1M EU FP7, ANR funding, 100 papers published
iEx.ec relies on Desktop Grid open-source software that we have been developed at the CNRS and
INRIA research institutes to assemble loosely distributed computing resources for HPC and Big Data.

Page 13 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

XtremWeb-HEP (link, GitHub) is a mature, solid, and open-source Desktop Grid software that
allows to use any kind of computing resources for executing compute-intensive or data-intensive
applications.
During the last decade, we have also developed a large portfolio of technologies for distributed
computing: MPICH-V for parallel computing, BitDew for large scale data management, SpeQuloS for
providing quality of service to application execution, the first implementation of MapReduce for Internet
computing, and more. Many of our research results have been published in top scientific conferences
and journals (>80 papers published) and we successfully raised more than 1M of public funding
including several EU research grants.
We have obtained a unique expertise in making the Desktop Grid technology running and available to
various scientific communities as well as startups and innovative industries.
 From 2007 to 2012, with several European partners, we established the European Desktop
Grid Infrastructure (EDGI). This considerable effort was supported by the European Union,
which funded 4 FP7 projects (EDGeS, EDGI, DEGISCO, IDGF). The goal was to provide
researchers and academics with additional computing power coming from Desktop Grid
infrastructures. EDGI has been a huge success. We connected a dozen of sites (Hungary,
France, UK, Spain, Netherlands ) to the main European e-infrastructures, such as the one
supporting the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland. We gained a considerable experience in
connecting Clouds and HPC systems to Desktop Grids as we succeeded in transparently
executing millions of jobs on more than 200.000 nodes.
 By showing the applicability of the technology in many fields of science: high energy physics,
biomedical research, mathematics, financial algorithms, material research, 3-D rendering, and
more.
 Of course, we had also many collaborations with the industry (Total, Airbus, IFP ). And more
recently, we received a funding from the French National Research Industry in order to provide
innovative SMEs access to low-cost, on-demand and secure HPC services. We conducted
many interviews with SMEs from the biomedical and eHealth sector to understand their needs
and requirements and designed MVPs and PoCs. Somehow, the emergence of blockchain was
the key enabler that triggered our motivation that eventually led to the iEx.ec project.
The knowledge and experience gained by exploring, inventing and establishing Internet-wide distributed
computing infrastructures is a crucial part in creating a distributed Cloud for blockchain-based
distributed applications, while the foundation of already developed technology guarantees a fast
time to market and timely project completion.

7.2 iEx.ec Infrastructure Sidechain
iEx.ec relies on the blockchain to coordinate the access of computing resources to distributed
applications. This approach led to several innovations with respect to classical blockchain technologies
- in particular, the Proof-of-Contribution consensus protocol and a domain-specific blockchain.

Proof-of-Contribution
Traditional blockchain such as Bitcoin or Ethereum relies on the Proof-of-Work protocol, which ensures
that token transactions that happen on the blockchain between participants are validated by a large
number of nodes using cryptographic challenges. With iEx.ec, a Contribution, i.e. some actions that
happen out of the blockchain (like providing a data set, transferring a file, performing a computation,
giving a human expertise) will lead to token transactions between participants. That means that a new

Page 14 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

protocol is needed to prove the fact that contribution actually happened correctly and that the
corresponding token transactions can take place in the blockchain. We call this kind of consensus
protocol Proof-of-Contribution. There are several similar protocols [Filecoin, Gridcoin, Fatcom], which
allow building of a consensus between the blockchain and off-chain resources. For example, Gridcoin
proposed the Proof-of-Research protocol to reward the volunteers who donated part of their computer
time to a great scientific computation [BOINC] such as biomedical research (Folding@Home). Proofof-Contribution is designed to be a more universal framework, allowing to validate a greater number of
actions.
Special attention must be paid to validation of contributions as some malicious users could fake the
contributions to claim illegitimate rewards. To prevent this iEx.ec will rely on a decentralized network of
trusted nodes built using a reputation mechanism [Araujo] and Proof-of-Stake [Peercoin] protocol, and
a 14-days transaction backward mutability window [Gridcoin] with contribution certification and spotchecking [Sarmenta] to gradually build this network of trusted nodes.

Domain Specific Blockchain
Ethereum allows for code to be executed on the blockchain using smart contracts - a great advance for
blockchain technology. However, the DAO attack [HackDistrib] has shown that dealing with smart
contracts is a complex issue, especially when everyone is allowed to deploy them. To prevent potential
security issues iEx.ec will follow a more restrictive approach: a Domain Specific Blockchain.
Domain Specific Blockchain also means that we will adapt the blockchain to meet the requirement of
distributed infrastructure management. There might be the case where transactions would arrive en
masse (i.e. tasks submissions) or case where low latency (communication/ acknowledgement) is
required. In this case, relying on sidechain with specific capabilities can allow to process these events.

iEx.ec smart contract: Matchmaking
A Matchmaking algorithm [Matchmaking] is used in distributed systems to pair a resource request with
a resource offer according to their description. When designing a distributed Cloud, the Matchmaking
algorithm is an essential building block in resource provisioning. It basically answers the question: can
I run this task on this machine? We envision the iEx.ec blockchain to store smart contracts describing
the computing resources characteristics, such as for example amount of RAM, CPU type, disk space.
That means that some contracts will describe the requirements for running a task or deploying a VM
instance (minimum amount of disk space, RAM, GPU runtime requirement, expected hypervisor etc.).
A Matchmaking contract will do the pairing, possibly implementing different kind of policies.
Several Matchmaking description languages have been described in scientific articles and implemented
in software. iEx.ec team plans to design and adapt a simplified version of the well-known and tested
ClassAd [ClassAds] that powers the CondorHTC distributed system, developed at the University of
Wisconsin.

iEx.ec smart contract: Multi-criteria scheduling
In distributed systems, a scheduling algorithm distributes a set of tasks to execute on a set of computing
resources. The scheduler is a key component of any distributed computing systems, as the performance
of the application execution mainly depends of its effectiveness. In particular, a challenge is to design
multi-criteria scheduler, i.e. an algorithm that has several strategies to select the computing resources
and schedule the tasks. For instance, one customer may want to minimize the price even if the
computation takes a longer time, while another customer may want the best performances even at a
higher cost. iEx.ec team has developed an advanced multicriteria scheduler [MulticritSched], which

Page 15 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

allows customer to define their own preferences based on criteria such cost, performance, trust,
reliability, energy efficiency etc. iEx.ec will adopt a simplified version of this scheduler.

A Market management framework
There is still no Ethereum framework to manage a market, allowing the users to put offers and demands
to be stored and updated dynamically. iEx.ec will develop a simple API to register bids and a set of
template contracts to easily deploy customized markets. iEx.ec will also provide web user interface and
the JavaScript code that allows interacting with the contracts and easily placing orders.

Result checking on the blockchain
Result checking is a process that verifies that a result has been correctly computed by an untrusted
node [Sarmenta], and there exist several approaches to implementing it. However, existing methods
(replication and voting, spot checking, reputation etc.) have been designed with the assumption that the
computation were done for free (ignoring the economic perspective). iEx.ec will develop a new result
checking algorithm that leverages the blockchain and the smart contract features. By this approach,
users will be able to choose business partners from the market based on their provable reputation and
on the established budget.
This will enable for example escrow mechanisms, where payment for the execution will be deferred
until the result has been certified. This mechanism can also be coupled with a reputation system that is
stored on the blockchain and enables the platform to run redundant computation only for the less trusted
nodes, greatly reducing the required resources and price of computing.

Verified File Transfer
It is likely that commercial content distribution will be one of the biggest functions of the distributed
applications using the iEx.ec blockchain. This would for example mean customers paying for high value
data sets (like genetic or financial data) using smart contracts that would give them access to data.
iEx.ec will guarantee that content provider was actually able to provide the file, and that the file has been
actually downloaded before processing the payment, protecting the data recipient. iEx.ec also protects
data providers against malicious downloaders, who could pretend that the file transfer didn't succeed in
order to reclaim the payment.

Governance
Because iEx.ec will only authorize signed smart contracts to be deployed on the blockchain, a form of
governance is necessary to consider - like peer-review, and sometimes revoke the smart contracts. A
smart contract should include:
1. A proposition describing the contract, written similarly to RFC standards and
2. The code of the smart contract associated with the description.
Eventually, a distributed standardization body will collaboratively evaluate and elaborate the smart
contract propositions.

7.3 Proof-of-concepts
To demonstrate the potential of the platform and to show its technical feasibility we have prepared
several Proof-of-concepts, based on our already developed technology.

Page 16 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

Applications
There are many commercial and research distributed applications well suited for running on the iEx.ec
platform, this not only providing lower cost but also highly scalable performance. Here are just a few
examples that have been integrated in the PoC platform and that can immediately be used:







Video transcoding: Ffmpeg, a complete, cross-platform solution to record, convert and stream
audio and video.
Physics Simulation: Guineapigpp, simulation of beam-beam interactions in high energy e+ecolliders.
Digital signal processing (DSP): University of Westminster.
Physics Computation (ISDEP): Fusion, solving the dynamics of fusion plasma.
Audio Analysis: Dart, a framework for Distributed Audio Analysis and Music Information
Retrieval.
Optimization Algorithms: BNBSS, different type of deterministic and heuristic optimization
algorithms for solving global optimization problems.

Blockchain-based Cloud Computing
Announced at Devcon2, iEx.ec, INRIA and the Stimergy startup in France have collaborated on the
provisioning of a distributed data-center through a smart contract deployed on the Ethereum blockchain.

Off-chain computations
In November 2016, within the Supercomputing Conference (Salt Lake City), we have demoed how offchain computations can easily be made thanks to iEx.ec. It only takes minutes to insert an application
in the iEx.ec application repository. Then end-users can interact with their applications using the
Metamask front-end - like executing the application, by sending a transaction to its corresponding smart
contract. After the execution of the application, the result is available directly on the blockchain.

High scalability
In order to evaluate the scalability of the solution, we have conducted preliminary performance
evaluation using the Grid5000 research infrastructure in France. Our results are very encouraging, as
iEx.ec shows excellent performances for a single worker pool that contains up to 3.000 nodes and using
the DSP applications. Of course, being a distributed Cloud, anyone will be able to deploy its own iEx.ec
pool.

Page 17 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

7.4 iEx.ec Roadmap
To achieve our goals we developed the following implementation roadmap according to several funding
levels.

Go-to-market strategy
We will develop 5 versions of the product (v1-v5) that correspond to 3 steps in terms of Go-to-Market
strategy.

1. Community Edition (v1)
Features to create an open-source software that allows to build the distributed Cloud.

2. Enterprise Edition (v2, v3, v4)
Features to establish a full Market Network profitable for a wide range of businesses.

3. Research Edition (v5)
Features to make serious advances that can address wider topics than Cloud computing (IoT,
Fog/ Edge computing ).

With the minimum funding (2,000 BTC), iEx.ec will deliver an initial market network that allows to
monetize applications and servers. With a maximum funding (10,000 BTC), iEx.ec will gradually
develop the market network including data providers and HPC applications, then establish recurrent
sources of revenue to iEx.ec.

Page 18 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

v1 Essential (Community Edition)
The Essential version aims to provide DApps running on the Ethereum blockchain an access to offchain computing resources. This is an essential step in blockchain computing as it allows a broader
range of applications to run on the blockchain. At the moment, the gas mechanism provided by the
Ethereum blockchain makes the execution of algorithms with computation and/ or memory
requirements rapidly cost and performance prohibitive. Thanks to the Essential version of iEx.ec, DApps
will have a simple, secure, and practical way to reach off-chain computing resources to execute their
applications.
To this end, the Essential version will provide a smart contract API for Task execution. In our Proof-ofconcept, we have already bridged Ethereum with the XtremWeb-HEP Desktop Grid middleware. The
bridge monitors the Task smart contract, and when a transaction is detected, it triggers the computation
on off-chain computing resources. When the computation is over, the result is sent back to the smart
contract. To avoid a part of the security risks, the infrastructure will only include trusted computing
resources. Also, in this version no resource payment scheme will be considered yet.
The Essential version will target an initial number of DApps early adopters. iEx.ec will provide a set of
scientific applications (see section 7.3), and will provide support for early adopters that want to deploy
their applications on iEx.ec.

Page 19 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

v2 Market Network (Enterprise Edition)
In this version we build the Market Network, firstly addressing the Application providers and Server
providers. We introduce a Pay-per-Task scheme that allows the payment from the Task smart contract
to the Application and the Server providers. iEx.ec users can access the Market Network to launch
compute intensive applications in different ways, like: an API, a GUI and a CLI. Application providers
can decide on a payment scheme through a smart contract API.
This version will target the classic compute intensive open-source applications with a very large user
base - particularly 3D rendering (like Blender, Luxrender), biomedical research (like Blast, Autodock),
mathematics (R) and finance for which we already have significant experience. With respect to Server
providers, the focus will be on establishing partnerships with infrastructure providers, such as smaller
Cloud providers, individuals and miners interested in renting their server farms, mining rigs or home
servers.
Through its Pay-per-Task scheme, this version opens the first revenue stream through agreements with
the approved resource providers. This is the very beginning of doing business between providers by
monetizing their resources. The usage of the iEx.ec computing service will expand, making the business
within the Network Market to grow.

Page 20 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

v3 Hybrid Public-Private Infrastructure (Enterprise Edition)
This version includes key features for the enterprises to widely adopt the iEx.ec market network by
providing them with full control over the private/ public employment of their resources.
To be well grounded in the needs of industry, in 2014 we designed an MVP (Minimum Viable Product),
interviewing 20 startup companies from the Lyon Biopole healthcare innovation competitiveness cluster
to understand how they would interact with a distributed Cloud. Thanks to this study we identified three
mandatory requirements:
1. Data must be treated with at least the same importance as computations,
2. A clear distinction between public/ private access of resources. For example, a private
resource can only be accessed by the proprietary company or by a restricted set of trusted
partners. Conversely, a public resource can be handled by any hosts.
3. Have a clear vision of cost vs. performance when provisioning computing resources.
At a first glance, designing a system which provides these three features is challenging on fully
decentralized infrastructures. Fortunately, we already have strong research results and practical
experience in each of these three areas.
This version will target Data providers, allowing them to join the Market Network. Moreover, a broader
range of enterprises will be able to start shipping their applications and DApps through iEx.ec. With this
version, the market network will allow several direct connections between different resource providers.
This version strengthens the revenue stream of iEx.ec by allowing new revenue models conceived for
DApps requiring a higher level of trust and quality-of-service. These applications will benefit from
dedicated environments using selected resource providers, as well as specific QoS features through a
performant SLA.

Page 21 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

v4 High Performance Computing (Enterprise Edition)
This version allows miners to join the iEx.ec market network as Server providers, and provide their
customers with true supercomputing capabilities.
At the moment, the mining farms monetize their GPU resources by computing blockchain consensus.
Through iEx.ec, these providers will gain access to a new market of blockchain-based HPC applications.
By this, the providers will be offered the opportunity to better exploit their vast amount of computing
power and extend their businesses.
For instance, Genesis Mining operates the largest Ethereum mining farms, which are composed of tens
of thousands GPU cards, all together representing a considerable computing power (>15 PetaFlops).
For the first time at the Supercomputing Conference (SC16), along with key actors of the domain (JenHsun Huang, CEO of nVIDIA and Marco Streng, CEO of Genesis Mining), we initiated clear synergies
between HPC and blockchain computing. This iEx.ec version will provide all the technology building
blocks to make this happen.
In addition to miners, the iEx.ec HPC version will extend the Application providers pool to GPU-based
applications. These applications address deep learning, 3D rendering, computational fluid dynamics,
molecular dynamics, finance, and many more. Well put a focus on Deep Learning applications because
of its incredible fast growing usage, and because actors are already keen on using GPU Cloud
computing for that.
This version aims to extend the previously existing revenue models based on the integration of
advanced enterprise features that bring higher value to providers.

Page 22 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

v5 Beyond the Distributed Cloud (Research Edition)
The goal of this edition is to allow new usage of iEx.ec beyond the Distributed Cloud. This will be a clear
step further in Blockchain computing, as DApps will be fully autonomous applications, able to provision
resources, data, and applications directly from the blockchain in a fully decentralized way. To this end,
its necessary to integrate several software and protocols that are emerging now, or that may be
developed during course of the project, like devp2p, swarm, uport etc. Combined with a full development
of the Proof-of-Contribution, this will open new areas in the field of serverless services, directly hosted
on the blockchain. It will also be necessary to design new consensus protocols able to handle the iEx.ec
workload. We plan to lead those researches in partnership with recognised research labs in Europe and
in China.
This will open the Market Network to new applications specifically deployed on iEx.ec to take advantage
of the distributed Cloud: IoT, Fog/ Edge computing, Smart City. For instance, a recent study shows that
telecom companies (AT&T, Verizon, Huawei, Orange ...) can halve their infrastructure costs by
distributing small data-centers along their network point-of-presence. iEx.ec will be the building block
for such approaches.
As the platform increases in complexity, iEx.ec will provide advanced method for deploying iEx.ec ready
DApps, making it the Heroku/ Dockker for blockchain computing. Thus, new revenue stream will be
gained by offering a hassle free deployment and development platform on top of the Market Network.

Page 23 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

8. Financials
Revenues
The revenues will come from different sources:
 Partnership with resource providers (v2) and application providers (v4)
 Providing a private mode for applications/ data/ servers (v3)
 Providing advanced services for DApps (v5)

Costs
The funding is planned to cover development and operational costs for four years. There will be three
main sections of operation: development and maintenance of the iEx.ec platform, marketing &
expansion of the iEx.ec market network and academic collaboration to support the most advanced
research program in this area.
The main cost categories are the following:
iEx.ec team. The largest part of the funding will be dedicated to establishing a world-class team (mainly
developers and admins). With the maximum financing, well be able to hire 15 persons, up to four years.
Office and indirect costs includes costs of offices in both France and China, as well as other indirect,
employment-related costs.
Marketing and communication activities are mainly focused on building a network of application
providers, data providers and key computing infrastructure providers (Clouds, Miners). This includes
two people that will work dedicated with sales and marketing efforts, one towards the traditional industry
and one towards blockchain based companies.
Research program will be conducted in collaboration with the most recognized research institutes and
universities in Europe (INRIA, CNRS, ENS-Lyon, UPMC, University Paris XI) and China (Univ.
Tsinghua, Chinese Academy of Sciences). Complementary funding will be obtained through national
(ANR, NSFC) and European (H2020) research agencies.
Contractors Security audits will be commissioned to independent sub-contractors: Qirinus for platform
security and S3 Lab for incentives design
Contingency is 9% of the total budget. (5% for minimum financing).

Page 24 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

Page 25 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

9. Crowdfunding
The RLC tokens will be used to access the resources provided by the Market Network. It will be the
unique way of payment for Application providers, Server providers and Data providers.
Participation to the crowdfunding operation will appear on a dedicated web site
(http://crowdsale.iex.ec).

Conditions*:
















Starting date: April 12, 2017 -- 13:00 GMT
Ending date: May 12, 2017 -- 13:00 GMT
Minimum objective amount: 2,000 BTC
Maximum amount: 10,000 BTC
Max RLC total supply: 87,000,000 RLC
Max RLC sold by crowdsale: 60,000,000 RLC
Founders, team and early investors: 15,000,000 RLC (Max), 12,000,000 RLC (Min)
Bounties, R&D, developer and marketing: 6,000,000 RLC (Max), 1,700,000 RLC (Min)
Special contingency reserve: 6,000,000 RLC (Max), 1,700,000 RLC (Min)
Min objective RLC sold by crowdsale: 12,000,000 RLC
BTC payment without bonus: 5,000 RLC/BTC
ETH payment witout bonus: price according to the cyptocompare index ETHBTC EMA12
Special bonus: 20% for the first 10 days, 10% for the next 10 days
Terms and conditions URL: http://crowdsale.iex.ec/
White Paper URL: http://iex.ec/whitepaper

*All conditions can be changed before the crowdsale.

The http://crowdsale.iex.ec web site will allow to acquire RLC tokens.
 Crowdsale: The number of tokens to be sold during the main sale will be limited to 60,000,000
RLC, which corresponds to raising 10,000 BTC with a 20% bonus. The RLC price will gradually
increase during the sale, following this scheme:
o 20% for first 10 days period: 6,000 RLC/BTC
o 10% for second 10 days period: 5,500 RLC/BTC
o 0% for last 10 days period: 5,000 RLC/BTC
The RLC/ETH price rate will be computed using the EMA12 ETHBTC index by
cryptocompare and updated at each bonus period.

Page 26 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY



Founders, team and early investors: A minimum amount of 12,000,000 RLC (Min) will be
created, along with a variable part corresponding to 5% of the crowdsale, capped at 15,000,000
RLC (Max).
 Bounties: R&D, developer, marketing. A special purpose fund corresponding to 10% of the
crowdsale capped at 6,000,000 RLC (Max) will be provisioned for developers in the form of
bounty grants, marketing actions, research grants to ensure the growth of the network after the
initial development.
Special contingency reserve: iEx.ec will keep a reserve corresponding to 10% of the crowdsale,
capped at 6,000,000 RLC (Max), to ensure the security of the blockchain. Obviously, the reserve will
not be sold on the markets. Instead, the reserve can be used to recover from low-chance, unexpected
and extremely serious situation that could endanger the whole project.

Page 27 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

10. Team (full bio)
Founders
Gilles Fedak  Computer scientist, CEO
Dr. habil. Gilles FEDAK has been a permanent INRIA research scientist since 2004
at ENS-Lyon, France. After receiving his Ph.D degree from University Paris Sud in
2003, he followed a postdoctoral fellowship at University California San Diego in
2003-2004. His research interests are in Parallel and Distributed Computing, with
a particular emphasis on the problematic of using large and loosely coupled
distributed computing infrastructures to support highly demanding computational
and data-intensive Science. He produced pioneering software and algorithms in
the field of Grid and Cloud Computing that allow people to easily harness large parallel systems
consisting of thousands of machines distributed on the Internet (XtremWeb, MPICH-V, BitDew,
SpeQulos, Xtrem-MapReduce, Active Data ). He co-authored about 80 peer-reviewed scientific
papers and won two Best Paper awards. In 2012, G. Fedak co-edits with C. Crin the Desktop Grid
Computing Book, (CRC publication). In 2015, he receives the Chinese Academy of Sciences PIFI
Award.

Haiwu He  Chief Scientist
Pr. Haiwu HE is a 100 Talent Professor at the CNIC (Computer Network
Information Center), Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing. He is a Chunhui
Scholar of Ministry of Education of China since 2013. Prof. Haiwu HE received his
M. Sc. and Ph. D. degrees in computing from the University of Sciences and
Technologies of Lille, France, respectively in 2002 and 2005. He was a
postdoctoral researcher at Inria Saclay, France in 2007. He was a research
engineer expert at Inria Rhone-Alpes in Lyon, France from 2008 to 2014. He has published about 30
refereed journal and conference papers. His research interest covers P2P distributed system, Cloud
computing, BigData.

Inventors
Oleg Lodygensky  Technical Leader
Dr. Oleg LODYGENSKY is a CNRS senior research engineer at LAL/CNRS,
located at Paris XI, France. Oleg is the main developer of XtremWeb-HEP, the
open-source software for Desktop Grid computing used in production at Institute
for Nuclear and Particle Physics. He introduced many concepts and technical
innovations to XtremWeb-HEP, including virtualization, bridging with Grid
infrastructure, volunteer Cloud, data-driven Desktop Grid, security in
trusted/untrusted environment, user/application/data right management, etc. Oleg Lodygensky has
been graduated PhD from University Paris XI.

Page 28 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

Mircea Moca  Business Developer, Fintech expert
Dr. Mircea Moca is Associated Professor at the Babe-Bolyai University,
Romnia, where he received his Ph.D. in 2010. He followed a doctoral internship
in 2010 and a postdoctoral internship in 2012 at INRIA, ENS-Lyon France. His
research interests are in distributed computing, MapReduce and recently in
cryptocurrency and blockchain technologies. He participated at the development
and validation of the MapReduce implementation for Volunteer Computing
environments. He developed an innovative user-satisfaction and multi-criteria
scheduler for hybrid distributed computing infrastructures. In the recent years he acquired expertise in
IT project management. He currently leads the initiative of building and validating eFAST, a distributed
platform for providing advanced decision support services for small investors on the financial markets.

Core Developers
Mehdi Amari (Blockchain Developer)
After practicing coding at Ecole 42 in Paris, Mehdi specialized himself in Blockchain
system architecture. Then, he has led the development of several Proof of
Concepts for large companies in Lajavaness, a French digital innovation
accelerator. He is also actively involved in the development of the Blockchain
ecosystem.

Hamid Ben (Blockchain Expert)
Abdelhamid Benyahia is a digital strategist and Blockchain expert at La Javaness.
After having built his own startup and helping entrepreneurs realise their own
cutting-edge projects, he now works on applying Blockchain to use cases, doing
POCs (Proof of Concepts), and strategic analysis for both big corporate companies
and startups.

Jos Francisco Saray (Data Management Expert)
Jose Francisco Sary is a Data management expert in the team. After having
finished his Masters degree in University of Lyon, he now works on applying data
management to use cases, and Bigdata analysis for the institutes and enterprises.

Page 29 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

Heithem Abbes (Energy Positive Server)
Heithem Habbes is an Assistant Professor in Computer Science at the FST
(Facult des sciences de Tunis) and a member of the LaTICE research
laboratory. His research involves distributed systems, particularly grid and Cloud
systems. He is working on Green computing as well for Energy positive
equipements. For this project, Heithem will develop the Energy Positive Server
that will allow to execute micro-services at a very low cost.

Communication & Public Relation
Julien Brenger (Communication & Content)
Julien Branger is in charge of the communication and content. He graduated
in Chinese Studies at the French National Institute of Oriental Languages and
Civilizations and taught Chinese language for five years. He discovered Bitcoin
and blockchain techs in April 2013 and worked as a Community Outreach
Officer for an iOS payment app and a community currency. In June 2014, he
joined OpenClassrooms marketing team, the leading e-learning platform in
Europe. He wrote various articles about smart contracts design (Bitcoin.fr and
Ethereum France). Hes also co-founder of Abie Fund, a nonprofit DAO project.

Agns Fedak (Press, Video & Community Manager)
Agns Fedak is involved in the promotion of iEx.ec on social networks. Agns is
a video artist, independent editor, video installation designer, documentary and
scientific filmmaker, cultural and artistic mediator, trainer. Works and creates in
Brussels and Geneva.

Page 30 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

Acknowledgement
We thank Vincent Eli for his help on the incentives design of the Proof-of-Contribution.

Page 31 of 31
THE IEXEC BLOCKCHAIN COMPANY

References
[BitDew] Fedak, G., He, H., & Cappello, F. (2008, November). BitDew: a programmable environment for largescale data management and distribution. In IEEE International Conference for High Performance Computing,
Networking, Storage and Analysis. SC 2008 (pp. 1-12).
[BOINC] ANDERSON, David P. Boinc: A system for public-resource computing and storage. In: Grid Computing,
2004. Proceedings. Fifth IEEE/ACM International Workshop on. IEEE, 2004. (pp. 4-10).
[BLAST] He, H., Fedak, G., Tang, B., & Cappello, F. (2009, May). BLAST application with data-aware desktop grid
middleware. In Proceedings of the 2009 9th IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Cluster Computing and the
Grid (pp. 284-291). IEEE Computer Society.
[Cisco] D. Evans, The internet of things: How the next evolution of the internet is changing everything, CISCO
white paper, vol. 1, pp. 14, 2011.
[ClassAds] Solomon, M. (2003). The ClassAd Language Reference Manual, Version 2.1. Computer Sciences
Department, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, USA.
[CYCLONE] Adrien Lebre, Anthony Simonet, Anne-Cecile Orgerie. Deploying Distributed Cloud Infrastructures:
Who and at What Cost? Intercloud 2016, Apr 2016, Berlin, Germany. Proceedings of the fth IEEE International
Workshop on Cloud Computing Interclouds, Multiclouds, Federations, and Interoperability, 2016,
http://www.cyclone-project.eu/intercloud2016.html
[Fatcom] Factom - A Scalable Data Layer for the Blockchain http://fatcom.org
[FogComputing] https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en_us/solutions/trends/iot/docs/computing-overview.pdf
[GridCoin] http://gridcoin.us
[HackDistrib] http://hackingdistributed.com/2016/06/18/analysis-of-the-dao-exploit/
[MatchMaking] Raman, R., Livny, M., & Solomon, M. (1998, July). Matchmaking: Distributed resource
management for high throughput computing. In Proceedings of the IEEE/ACM Seventh International Symposium
on High Performance Distributed Computing, HPDC 1998 (pp. 140-146).
[MulticritSched] Mircea Moca, Cristian Litan, Gheorghe Silaghi, Gilles Fedak (2016). Multi-criteria and
satisfaction oriented scheduling for hybrid distributed computing infrastructures. Future Generation Computer
Systems, 55, pp. 428-443.
[Sarmenta] Sarmenta, L. F. (2002). Sabotage-tolerance mechanisms for volunteer computing systems. Future
Generation Computer Systems, 18(4), 561-572.
[XtremWeb] Fedak, G., Germain, C., Neri, V., & Cappello, F. (2001). Xtremweb: A generic global computing
system. In Proceedings. First IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Cluster Computing and the Grid, 2001. (pp.
582-587), IEEE.
[XtremWeb-HEP] A Data Driven Volunteer Cloud Middleware, https://xtremweb-hep.lal.in2p3.fr

Offering Memorandum dated August 11, 2017

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

This confidential offering memorandum (Offering Memorandum) constitutes an offering of these
securities only in those jurisdictions where they may be lawfully offered for sale and therein only by
persons permitted to sell such securities and to those persons to whom they may be lawfully offered for
sale. This offering is not made to, nor will subscriptions be accepted from any resident in the United
States of America. No prospectus has been filed with any securities regulatory authority in connection
with the securities offered hereunder. This Offering Memorandum is not to be construed as a prospectus
or advertisement or a public offering of these securities.

OFFERING MEMORANDUM
Dated August 15, 2017

The Corporation:
Name:

IMPAK FINANCE INC. (the Corporation or Impak Finance)

Head Office Address:

2700  1000 Sherbrooke Street West,
Montreal, Quebec H3A 3G4

Telephone:

(514) 987-5000

Email Address:

paul.allard@impakfinance.com

Currently Listes or Quoted:

The impak Coin (MPK) does not trade on any exchange or
market.

Reporting Issuer?

No.

Sedar Filer?

No.

The Offering:
Securities Offered:

Impak Coin (MPK)

Price per Security:

$1.00 per MPK

Minimum/Maximum Offering:

The minimum is $500,000 of MPK. The maximum is $10,000,000 of
MPK. Funds available under the Offering may not be sufficient to
accomplish the Corporations proposed objectives.

Minimum Subscription Amount:

The minimum subscription amount per subscriber is $100 (100 MPK).

Proposed Closing Dates:

The closing of the sale of the impak coins offered hereunder will take
place at such times as are chosen by the Corporation.

Income Tax Consequences:

There are important tax consequences to these securities. See Section
8.

Not a shareholder:

The MPK does not provide any ownership right in respect of the

 impak Finance inc. 2017

1

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

Corporation or its assets.
MPK holders will have no rights to participate in the profits or the
distribution of assets of the Corporation, nor will have the right to vote
in any security holders meeting of the Corporation.
Tradeability:

No secondary market currently exists for the MPK.
Any first trades of MPK will only be effected through the impak.eco
platform. The MPK may not be tradable for money or other
cryptocurrency.

Merits not reviewed by
regulator:

No securities regulator has assessed the merits of an investment in
the MPK.

Resale Restrictions
You will be restricted from selling your securities for an indefinite period. See Section 10.

Purchasers Rights
You have two business days to cancel your agreement to purchase these securities. If there is a
misrepresentation in this Offering Memorandum, you have the right either to sue for damages or to cancel
the agreement. See Section 11.
This Offering is being made to, and subscriptions will only be accepted from, persons resident in the
Provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec, New Brunswick and
Nova Scotia. This Offering is being made pursuant to certain exemptions contained in National Instrument
45-106  Prospectus Exemptions (NI 45-106).
No securities regulatory authority or regulator has assessed the merits of these securities or reviewed this
Offering Memorandum. Any representation to the contrary is an offence. This is a risky investment. See
Section 7.

CONFIDENTIALITY
This Offering Memorandum is confidential and has been prepared solely for delivery to and review by
selected prospective purchasers of the securities offered hereby. This copy of the Offering Memorandum
is personal to the person to whom it is delivered and does not constitute an offer to any other person or to
the public generally to subscribe for or otherwise acquire any of the securities offered hereby. Distribution
of this Offering Memorandum to any person other than the person to whom it is delivered and those
persons, if any, retained to advise such person with respect thereto is unauthorized, and any disclosure of
any of its contents without the prior written consent of the Corporation is prohibited. Each prospective
purchaser, by accepting delivery of this Offering Memorandum, agrees to the foregoing and undertakes to
make no photocopies of or to otherwise reproduce, in whole or in part, this Offering Memorandum, or any
documents relating thereto and, if such prospective purchaser does not purchase any of the securities
offered hereby or the Offering is terminated, to return promptly this Offering Memorandum and all such
documents to the Corporation, if so requested by the Corporation.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

2

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

ABOUT THIS OFFERING MEMORANDUM
The information contained in this Offering Memorandum is intended only for the persons to whom it is
transmitted for the purposes of evaluating the securities offered hereby. Prospective purchasers should
only rely on the information in this Offering Memorandum. No persons are authorized to give any
information or make any representation in respect of the Corporation or the securities offered herein and
any such information or representation must not be relied upon.
This Offering is a private placement and is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, a
public offering of the securities described herein. The securities are being offered in reliance upon
exemptions from the registration and prospectus requirements set forth in applicable securities legislation.
The securities referred to in this Offering Memorandum have not been, nor will they be, registered under
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold within the United
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons absent U.S. registration or an applicable
exemption from the U.S. registration requirements. This Offering Memorandum does not constitute an
offer for sale of securities for sale, nor a solicitation for offers to buy any securities. Any public offering of
securities in the United States must be made by means of a prospectus containing detailed information
about the company and management, as well as financial statements.
THIS IS A SPECULATIVE OFFERING. An investment in the securities described in this Offering
Memorandum must be regarded as highly speculative due to the nature of the Corporations
business and its relatively early stage of development. Purchasers must rely on the ability, expertise,
judgment, discretion, integrity and good faith of the management of the Corporation. The securities are
suitable only for purchasers who are able to accept the risks inherent in the Corporations business. In
addition, there are a number of other risk factors that should be considered by persons proposing to make
an investment in the securities. Purchasers should consult their own professional advisors to
assess the income tax, legal and other aspects of the investment. See Section 7.
All dollar amounts stated in this Offering Memorandum are expressed in Canadian currency, except
where otherwise indicated.

PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The financial statements of the Corporation included and incorporated by reference in this Offering
Memorandum are reported in Canadian dollars. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial information
included and incorporated by reference in this Offering Memorandum have been prepared in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board.

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements contained in this Offering Memorandum constitute forward-looking information. These
statements relate to future events or our future performance. Forward-looking information can often be
identified by the use of words such as anticipate, continue, estimate, expect, may, will, project,
should, believe, budget, plan, forecast, potential, intend or similar words suggesting future
outcomes, or other expectations, beliefs, plans, objective, assumptions, intentions, or statements about
future events or performance. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements. These statements reflect the Corporations current views with respect to future events and
are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results or
events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements.
Risks and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations include,
among other things, general economic and market factors, business competition, changes in government
regulations or in tax laws, in addition to those factors discussed or referenced in Section 7. These factors

 impak Finance inc. 2017

3

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

should not be considered exhaustive. Many of these risk factors are beyond the Corporations control and
each contributes to the possibility that the forward-looking statements will not occur or that actual results,
performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.
The impact of any one risk, uncertainty or factor on a particular forward-looking statement is not
determinable with certainty as these risks, uncertainties and factors are interdependent and
managements future course of action depends upon our assessment of all information available at that
time.
The forward-looking statements made herein relate only to events or information as of the date of this
Offering Memorandum and are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. Except as required by
law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date on which the statements
are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

4

Offering Memorandum dated August 11, 2017

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.	 Introduction ................................................................................................... 4	
2.	 Executive Summary ...................................................................................... 5	
2.1	 impak Finance .................................................................................................................... 5	
2.2	 impak.eco ........................................................................................................................... 5	
2.3	 The impak Scorecard.......................................................................................................... 6	
2.4	 impak Coin .......................................................................................................................... 6	
2.5	 Having the Courage to Change the World .......................................................................... 8	

3.	 The Business of impak Finance .................................................................. 9	
3.1	 Structure ............................................................................................................................. 9	
3.2	 Our Business .................................................................................................................... 10	
3.3	 Development of Business ................................................................................................. 17	
3.4	 Short Term Objectives ...................................................................................................... 17	
3.5	 Use of Funds .................................................................................................................... 19	

4.	 Interests of Directors, Management, Promoters, and Principal Holders20	
4.1	 Compensation and Securities Held* ................................................................................. 20	
4.2	 Management Experience .................................................................................................. 21	
4.3	 Advisory Committee ......................................................................................................... 25	

5.	 Building impak Coin (MPK) ........................................................................ 27	
5.1	 Summary .......................................................................................................................... 27	
5.2	 What is Blockchain technology? ....................................................................................... 27	
5.3	 Why Blockchain 2.0 and WAVES? ................................................................................... 28	
5.4	 impak Coin (MPK) Blockchain infrastructure .................................................................... 28	
5.5	 Anonymity ......................................................................................................................... 29	
5.6	 Private keys ...................................................................................................................... 30	
5.7	 Transactions ..................................................................................................................... 30	
5.8	 Network Architecture ........................................................................................................ 30	
5.9	 Stability ............................................................................................................................. 31	
5.10	 Merchant ecosystem ...................................................................................................... 32	
5.11	 Malicious Attack Prevention ........................................................................................... 32	

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

6.	 The MPK Crowdsale ................................................................................... 35	
6.1	 The Impact Economy ........................................................................................................ 35	
6.2	 impak Coin (MPK): the first cryptocurrency with social purpose ...................................... 35	
6.3	 impak Coin (MPK) Crowdsale Details & Terms ................................................................ 36	
6.4	 impak Coin Launch Timeline* ........................................................................................... 37	
6.5	 Designed to Accelerate Growth of the Impact Economy .................................................. 37	
6.6	 impak Coin Aligns Incentives to Grow the Impact Economy ............................................ 38	
6.7	 Initial impak Coin (MPK) Supply ....................................................................................... 38	
6.8	 MPK Supply Will be Correlated to the Growth of the Impact Economy ............................ 39	
6.9	 Open and Trustworthy ...................................................................................................... 40	
6.10	 Ongoing Information ....................................................................................................... 41	
6.11	 Low Cost and Energy Efficient........................................................................................ 41	
6.12	 Compliant ....................................................................................................................... 42	
6.13	 The time is now .............................................................................................................. 42	
6.14	 Subscription Procedure .................................................................................................. 43	

7.	 Risk Factors................................................................................................. 44	
7.1	 Investment Risk ................................................................................................................ 44	
7.2	 Business Risk ................................................................................................................... 47	
7.3	 Industry Risk ..................................................................................................................... 50	

8.	 Tax Matters .................................................................................................. 53	
8.1	 Income Tax Consequences and RRSP Eligibility ............................................................. 53	
8.2	 Changes in Legislation ..................................................................................................... 53	

9.	 Reporting Obligations ................................................................................ 54	
9.1	 Documents Provided to Shareholders Annually ............................................................... 54	
9.2	 Sources of Information about the Corporation .................................................................. 54	

10.	Resale Restrictions..................................................................................... 55	
10.1	 General Statements ........................................................................................................ 55	
10.2	 Exemptions ..................................................................................................................... 55	

11.	Purchasers Rights ..................................................................................... 56	
11.1	 Two Day Cancellation Right ........................................................................................... 56	
11.2	 British Columbia ............................................................................................................. 56	

 impak Finance inc. 2017

2

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

11.3	 Alberta ............................................................................................................................ 57	
11.4	 Ontario ............................................................................................................................ 57	
11.5	 Quebec ........................................................................................................................... 58	
11.6	 Saskatchewan ................................................................................................................ 59	
11.7	 Manitoba ......................................................................................................................... 61	
11.8	 Nova Scotia .................................................................................................................... 62	
11.9	 New Brunswick ............................................................................................................... 64	

12.	Financial Statements .................................................................................. 65	
13.	Date and Certificate .................................................................................... 66	
	

 impak Finance inc. 2017

3

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

1. Introduction
The ICO for the impak Coin (MPK), a new cryptocurrency with a social purpose, will fund the
development of impak.eco, an online social network 100% dedicated to the Impact Economy.
This fast growing segment of the general economy is composed of organizations and individuals
that share the belief that economic activity should consider more than just its financial aspects,
but also take into account the effect it has on people and the planet.
impak Finance Inc. is the entity designing and developing impak.eco. Its plans also include the
creation of a new digital Canadian Bank 100% dedicated to the Impact Economy that would be
placed at the centre of the ecosystem and act as an agent of economic growth within this space.
At its core, this project proposes to radically change the way people experience their relationship
with money by proposing a unique place where investors, companies and individuals exchange
with each other with the understanding that each dollar has the purpose to do good. impak.eco
shares features found on social networks and in disruptive fintech applications and aims to
become that place one comes back to on a daily basis. With the focus being on the growth of the
Impact Economy, every money transaction, whether it is banking, investing, selling or buying
value-aligned responsible products & services, is done with the transparency one would expect in
a changing world where the power of capital resides not only in the hands of the few, but also in
the hands of the many. And where the power of capital serves values that make the world a
better place.
This new cryptocurrency, impak Coin, is unique because it is one of the only digital currencies
with a social purpose. Traditionally, complementary currencies have been created to promote and
sustain local economies, sometimes in the service of social and environmental values. impak
Coin is their modern version, amped up because of its capacity to support locally-rooted
initiatives and to marshal the forces of a global community of people that are willing to combine
the power of capital and technology to change the world. impak Coin will harness that power and
use it to sustain and grow the impak.eco social network, and consequently, the Impact Economy.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

4

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

2. Executive Summary
2.1

impak Finance

impak Finance Inc. is a start-up on course to create a new, completely digital Canadian
Schedule 1 Bank dedicated solely to the Impact Economy. At the centre of its value proposition is
a plan to radically change the way people and companies do their banking by putting the Bank at
the centre of a social network (impak.eco) that will connect Investors, Companies and Retail
Customers.
The choice of a Bank as the principal instrument of growth for the impact space is motivated by
several factors:

2.2



The unique power to grow the money supply a bank possesses by virtue of fractionalreserve banking.



The opportunity to create a financial institution that is truly centred on the real economy
and its role as an agent of economic development, rather than focused on speculation
on financial markets as a means to enhance its return to investors.



The disruption potential that fintech firms provide in the building of a banking experience
that is in line with expectations and values of millennials and other like-minded strata of
society.

impak.eco

The impak.eco social network will be launched at the end of 2017, prior to the Bank. impak.eco
aims to bring structure to a very fragmented space: the Impact Economy  where even
experienced investors have very poor visibility over companies that would represent sound
investment opportunities because of: (i) a lack of intermediaries specialized in seeking out impact
companies and qualifying them and (ii) the absence of a coherent and recognized way to
measure the level of impact of these companies so that investors can make an informed decision.
Likewise, entrepreneurs in the impact space looking for capital have very few options when it
comes to finding value-aligned investors and have no platform dedicated to their space onto
which they could put forth the qualities that make them interesting investment opportunities.
One of the main objectives of the social network is to give a voice to every Citizen wishing to use
her money as a force for good. Today, impact investment is mostly reserved to institutions and
accredited investors. With impak.eco, Citizens will be able to identify impact merchants and have
access to products and services aligned with their values. They will be able to actively participate
in transforming the world every day by responsibly choosing which companies their money will
support.
The reunion of like-minded Investors, Businesses and Citizens in the ecosystem is the basis for a
true, transactional social network dedicated to the Impact Economy. The abundance in the
marketplace of sophisticated applications, whether from fintechs or other providers, allows for the
creation of a service offering that will result in a truly habit-forming experience.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

5

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

2.3

The impak Scorecard

The impak Scorecard is the criteria by which all companies on the social network will be judged
on their level of impact. Every merchant on impak.eco will have been pre-accredited by going
through an online filter system (impak Scorecard). As such it is the central element in how
choices will be made both by investors looking at investment opportunities and retail customers
looking for value aligned businesses to provide them with the products and services they seek.
It is derived from the evaluation of a companys performance in four areas: Governance, Wellbeing of Employees and Community, Environment and Economic Sustainability.

2.4

impak Coin

impak Coin is the cryptocurrency impak Finance will issue. It is the first digital currency of its kind
completely dedicated to the Impact Economy. impak Coin will possess features that make its use
advantageous - alongside the national currency - within impak.eco, thus promoting the growth of
this space.
The impak Coin launch is based on the combination of three movements that gained worldwide
momentum in the last decade:


Complementary currencies



Impact Economy



Cryptocurrencies (Blockchain)

2.4.1

The power of complementary (local) currencies:



Complementary currencies (CCs) have been proposed as a means to stimulate local
economies, reduce unemployment, and promote cooperative and sustainable community
development. They aim to protect, stimulate or orientate the economy



They may also be used to advance particular social, environmental, or political goals.



There has been an explosion in the number of CCs in existence in the last decade. There
are now well over 5,000 such currencies worldwide.



The major factors identified as limiting the success of real CCs are the lack of major
institutional buy-in and structural features about the currencies designs that limit their
volume of transactions.1

2.4.2

The Worldwide Growth of the Impact Economy

Doing good while doing well. That is the mission of impact businesses and investors, who
combine the desire to address a social problem with wealth creation.
The Impact Economy is a new market force underpinned by companies, entrepreneurs and
investors that have the intention to generate social and environmental impact alongside a

1.

1

Robert Costanza et al., "Complementary Currencies as a Method to Improve Local Sustainable
Economic Welfare", University of Vermont, Draft, Dec. 12th, 2003.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

6

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

financial return. Impact entrepreneurs are pursuing business opportunities that will both generate
profit and address endemic social problems.
The growing impact investment market provides capital to address the worlds most pressing
challenges in sectors such as sustainable food and agriculture, renewable energy, conservation,
microfinance, and affordable and accessible basic services including housing, healthcare, and
education. With a rapidly expanding market and an increasing number of participants, the idea of
impact as an economic force has hit the mainstream.
According to Purpose Capital, a consultancy firm specialized in impact investment, Canadian
investment in that space surpassed the $60 billion mark in 2015 and will reach over $500 billion
in the next 10 years.
Increasing amounts of capital are flowing into the Impact Economy. In 2012, the Calvert
Foundation formed an estimate through a representative survey of investment managers,
applying prospective adoption rates to a global investment management industry of
US$ 26 trillion, and reached a market potential of US$ 650 billion.
th

On April 17 2017, the Ford Foundation committed to invest US$1 billion in the Impact Economy.
According to the Global Impact Investing Network (GIIN), an industry group that tracks market
trends, impact investment has grown in size from US$15 billion two years ago to more than
US$77 billion in 2016.

2.4.3

The Decentralized Collaborative Power of Cryptocurrencies

If you take away all the noise around cryptocurrency and reduce it to a simple definition, they
are simply entries in a database that no one can change without fulfilling specific conditions.
This may seem pedestrian, but, believe it or not: it is exactly how you can define currency.
Take the money in your bank account: arent they just entries in a database that can only be
changed under specific conditions? Take physical coins and notes. What are they, if not entries
in a public physical database that can only be changed if you match the condition that you
physically own the coins and notes? Money is all about a verified entry in some kind of database
of accounts, balances, and transactions.
In other words, the technology supporting Bitcoin  the mother of all cryptocurrencies - is a
decentralized network of peers keeping a consensus about accounts and balances. Some say it
is more of a currency than the numbers you see in your bank account - numbers that are no more
than entries in a private database that are managed by people you dont see and by rules you
dont know.
Cryptocurrencies are entries about tokens (coins) in decentralized consensus-databases. They
are called cryptocurrencies because the consensus-keeping process is secured by strong
cryptography. Cryptocurrencies are built on cryptography. They are not secured by people or by
trust, but by math/software. The probability of an asteroid falling on your house is higher than that
of a bitcoin address being compromised.
The three main issues cryptocurrencies solve are:
1. National currency creation is based on debt creation. Most cryptocurrencies are rather
created through value creation.
2. Banks are the creators of national currency supplies. Cryptocurrencies are owned and
controlled by the communities that use them.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

7

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

3. Most banks invest their liquidities based on no other value other than profit
maximization. Cryptocurrencies are created to support specific projects. In our case,
impak Coin (MPK) supports a project with a clear societal and environmental purpose.

2.5

Having the Courage to Change the World

Innovation is scary. But this doesnt change the fact that cryptocurrencies are here to stay  and
here to change the world. This is already happening.
We see an increasing number of companies across a variety of industries making the first
tentative steps in blockchain adoption. They are realising that there is a pressing need to get
ahead of the curve and beat the competition. Primary interest in the sector is coming from tech
giants (Microsoft, IBM, Amazon) and major Wall Street banks (JPMorgan, Citigroup), with
companies such as Infosys, TCS and HCL reportedly working on blockchain-based products to
support the financial industry. R3 was the first blockchain company in the financial sector;
founded in 2014 it now leads a consortium of more than 70 of the worlds biggest financial
institutions and working on a variety of projects that it is rapidly patenting.
Meanwhile, the demand for blockchain technology in finance and financial services is growing on
a worldwide scale, primarily in the developing world. A multitude of economies within Latin
America, Southeast Asia and Africa have strict currency control laws and are seeing consumers
flock towards alternatives to mainstream financial institutions. People who have no bank account,
simply to use alternative financial services, are activating over 1 million smartphones a month.
In terms of entrepreneurial ventures, we have also seen a clear trend emerge in the last few
years. Broadly speaking, 2015 was the year when financial institutions and fintech start-ups
discovered blockchain technology. 2016 was then the year of pilots and first deployments.
Following on this trend, we project that 2017 will be the year when blockchain enterprise solutions
leave the pilot phase and proceed to commercialization and wide-scale adoption.
As we can observe, the large majority of blockchain initiatives are developed within the same
economic mind frame of profit maximisation. We believe that the intrinsic characteristics and
innovations of cryptocurrencies can be leveraged in order to have a positive social impact on our
world. This is at the center of the impak Project.

Cryptocurrencies are changing the world. They can also have a positive social
impact. You can either stand beside and observe  or you can become part of
history in the making.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

8

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

3. The Business of impak Finance
3.1

Structure

Impak Finance was incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations Act on May 5, 2016.
The head and principal office of the Corporation is located at 2700  1000 Sherbrooke Street
West, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H3A 3G4. The registered and records office of the Corporation
is located at 2700  1000 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H3A 3G4.
The Corporation does not have any subsidiaries. The Corporations financial year-end is
December 31.

3.1.1

Voting Trust and Restrictions on Transfer Agreement

Shareholders of the Common Shares are expected to be subject to the Voting Trust and
Restriction on Transfer Agreement (the Voting Trust Agreement) dated August 9. 2016
pursuant to which Paul Allard, Bill Young and Marguerite Mendell (collectively, the Voting
Trustees) have been granted voting control over such Common Shares. Decisions of the Voting
Trustees shall be made by simple majority of the Voting Trustees. Pursuant to the Voting Trust
Agreement, Shareholders of the Common Shares agree not to transfer any of the Common
Shares before the earliest of (i) the Corporation having enabled an over-the-counter market for
the Common Shares, and (ii) December 31, 2019. As per the Voting Trust Agreement, the
directors of the Corporation might approve transfers between related parties but the only other
authorised transfers shall be offered through an over-the-counter market organised and
maintained by Impak Finance (OTC). Rules governing the OTC transfers shall be adopted by
the Trustees and are likely to include that the Common Shares will be tradable during predetermined periods of time at a pre-determined price equal to the fair market value thereof as
determined by independent evaluators retained and paid by Impak Finance and that ownership of
any person or group of related persons or acting in concert will be limited to 9.99% of the
outstanding Common Shares of Impak Finance. The board of directors of Impak Finance might
also retain the right to refuse the transfer of Common Shares to buyers that are not in compliance
with the mission and the vision of Impak Finance (for example, criminal groups with an history of
money laundering or non-resident investors not able to demonstrate acceptable source of funds
could be refused).

3.1.2

Corporate governance

In order to mitigate potential conflicting interests of shareholders, members, management and
employees of Impak Finance, the Trustees will exercise the voting rights granted to them under
the Voting Trust Agreement as to encompass corporate governance rules dealing specifically
with the election of the directors of Impak Finance. It is anticipated that a certain number of board
seats will be elected by different categories of stakeholders, including, without limitation, the
Trustees, the management of the Corporation, the employees of the Corporation, the clients of
the Corporation (as the case may be) and the civil society. To achieve these purposes, it is
anticipated that the Voting Trust arrangement will gradually be replaced by other mechanics to
ensure as much as possible the protection of the mission and of the vision of Impak Finance,
which might include the use of a non-for-profit foundation.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

9

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

3.2

Our Business

impak Finance inc. is a Canadian-based corporation founded by entrepreneurs and finance
professionals wanting to positively contribute and address some of the greatest social and
environmental issues of our time. The Corporations mission is to make money work for positive
social, innovative and environmental impact through a collaborative financial ecosystem powered
by disruptive financial technologies developed by the Corporation and third party vendors.
impak Finance connects investors and consumers who want to change the world for the better
with entrepreneurs and sustainable companies who share the same objectives.

	
As discussed in this White Paper, the Corporation intends to offer integrated lending and
investment opportunities that are 100% dedicated to the impact economy through an online
collaborative social network deployed in Canada and in the world. The Corporation intends to
support local, innovative and sustainable projects. Its mission is to become a leading player in
collaborative finance dedicated to the growth of the Impact Economy.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

10

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

3.2.1

impak.eco  a collaborative social network for a better world

impak Finance is designing and developing impak.eco, an online collaborative social network
100% dedicated to the growth of the Impact Economy. This online network and its mobile
application will empower Citizens to support and engage in the Impact Economy. By using
Citizens knowledge, skills and purchasing power, impak.eco is giving them a voice and the
power to better the world around them and allow them to contribute to its sustainability.
The social network also will bring structure to a very fragmented space: the Impact Economy 
where even experienced investors have very poor visibility over companies that would represent
sound investment opportunities because of: (i) a lack of intermediaries specialized in seeking out
impact companies and qualifying them and (ii) the absence of a coherent and recognized way to
measure the level of impact of these companies so that investors can make an informed decision.
Likewise, entrepreneurs and organizations in the impact space seeking capital and sales have
very few options when it comes to finding value-aligned investors and customers. They have no
platform dedicated to the social impact space onto which they could put forth the qualities that
make them attractive impact investment opportunities and recognized impactful products and
services for responsible consumers.
The reunion of like-minded Investors, Businesses and Citizens on impak.eco is the basis for a
true, transactional social network dedicated to the Impact Economy. The abundance in the
marketplace of sophisticated features, whether from fintechs or other providers allows for the
creation of a unique user experience that will result in a truly positive habit-forming experience.

3.2.2

The current models of social networks

In Finance
The concept of social network is often brought forth in the fintech and banking industries. It
usually represents a combination of stakeholders and technology platforms helping financial
institutions map their processes and identify influencers. However, in most cases, it offers little or
no empowerment to its participants. Financial institutions use a top-down approach to improve
their performance and other stakeholders have very little say in the social networks interactions
or composition.

In Technology
From a technology standpoint, the past years have seen the rise of several social networks built
by major players. LinkedIn, Facebook, and Angel List are all great examples of technology-based
social networks claiming to use technology to forward business and social interaction. At first
glance, they seem to offer a valid value proposition and have all built great tools to empower their
communities: newsfeeds, walls, messaging, notifications, geolocation, etc.
However, the plot thickens from a key drivers perspective. Most of these social networks have
been designed to use these tools to sell advertising. The tools, user experience and algorithms
are created to bolster very simplistic metrics: number of people coming to the site, time spent on
the site and visit recurrence, and that for one single goal: to profit from advertising sales. The
more eyes on the site, the longer they look at it, the more profitable the provider can be at selling
advertisements. This therefore creates a strong bias against the macro objectives they put forth
in bettering society and the economy.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

11

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

3.2.3

The impak Finance Approach

impak Finances approach is in fact different. The development of the impak.eco social network is
done using a human-centered design methodology: a creative approach to interactive systems
development that aims to make systems usable and useful by focusing on the users, designing
around their needs and requirements at all stages, and by applying human factors/ergonomics,
usability knowledge, and techniques. This approach enhances effectiveness and efficiency,
improves human well-being, user satisfaction, accessibility and sustainability.
Throughout every phase of development, the target users help co-create and are strongly
involved in steering the project. The design team has already done workshops with over 400
businesses and 500 individuals throughout Canada and keeps the co-creation momentum going
with the involvement of its 1000 retail investors and stakeholders. The design team works with
the stakeholders it plans to serve.
Moreover, in line with impak Finances core values, this approach is used to empower its users
and reach the goal of growing the Impact Economy. The systems and technology are designed
from a bottom-up perspective and establish impak Finances role as a facilitator and a catalyst
towards economic growth.
Finally, impak Finances technological development philosophy is to build products and services
where an actual added value can be measured. This opens the possibility of unique
collaborations with a variety of ventures and projects both in fintech and social realm.

3.2.4

Purpose is our Key Driver

The key driver behind impak Finances social network is the growth of the Impact Economy. Its
bias is to design tools, calibrate algorithms and refine the user experience to foster the
sustainability of a real economy based on bettering society and the environment.
Nowadays, we often interrogate ourselves about the true purpose behind information or the tools
provided to us on a social platform. Imagine if we built a new platform that truly led to the
empowerment of oneself or their business. Trusting the key drivers behind a system is imperative
to impak Finance.
Empowerment is at the heart of the impak Finances project. We are building a financial institution
that espouses that value and in this world, we believe that it is a competitive advantage.

3.2.5

The impak Finance social network

At a grassroots level, this social network involves real businesses, real people and other
stakeholders of the real economy. Technology is a tool to meet their needs, but even in its
absence, the ecosystem has to be sustainable.
Stakeholders are closely involved in the development of all impak products and services. The
social network that is currently being built is a technological platform designed to favour the
Impact Economy by facilitating interactions between 3 main stakeholder categories:
(i)

Impact Organisations (businesses, NGOs, Non-for-Profits, social enterprises)
which main intention is to better the society and the environment through a
sustainable business model;

(ii)

Citizens/Retail Customers seeking to have a positive impact by putting their
money to work according to their values; and

 impak Finance inc. 2017

12

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

(iii)

Capital Partners (VC, Angel Investors, Family Offices, Foundations, Pension Funds,
other Institutional Investors) seeking returns with a purpose,

In simple terms, impak.eco social network is akin to a merger between Facebook, Angel List and
LinkedIn into one single platform using the current state of their technology to better the Impact
Economy instead of selling ads.

3.2.6

The Power of the Triad

The current platforms available on the market often only recognize the relationship between 2
stakeholders: retail customers and organisations, businesses and investors, etc. The impak
social network is designed to leverage the power of 3.
First and foremost, the underlying design principle is that whether they are businesses, venture
capital firms or another legal entity, the users on the platform are people first. A user can
potentially be a business owner, an investor and a retail customer at the same time. This entails
the creation of unique tool built to leverage all aspects of ones actions in support of the Impact
Economy within the ecosystem.
Secondly, the enrolment mechanisms will ensure that all of ones contribution in the growth of the
Impact Economy is taken into account from the outset. Hence, a large part of the initial Retail
Customers/Citizens group will go through a series of processes, such as KYC (Know-YourCustomer). For all stakeholders, the design team has planned a friction-less enrolment
mechanism that outlines how, other than financially, individuals can use their knowledge and
skills to grow the Impact Economy.
Thirdly, a series of validation processes (such as BCorp evaluation, community based validation,
impak Scorecard or due diligence verification) will guarantee that any business present in
impak.eco will be a positive social impact organisation. Most see these processes as friction
points in their systems and try to bypass them to rapidly reach critical mass. impak Finance,
however, sees this as an opportunity to offer a wider range of tools that take advantage of the
knowledge and skills base stakeholders bring by their presence in impak.eco.
For example, if a retail customer were a retired business owner in bioscience, his vote or like of
a business in that particular sector would carry weight and credibility. This may also open the
door to a mentoring relationship with the business owner. With these mechanisms in play, a
potential investor would see that this business benefits from support, which could in turn
positively affect his risk analysis.
The impak.eco design, by considering this triad in its development, is leveraging a larger set of
data to grow the Impact Economy.

3.2.7

Stakeholders Point of View

Citizens/Retail Customers
By participating in impak.eco, Retail Customers/Citizens have a voice in supporting the Impact
Economy and are searching for a way to play a role in improving our environment and society.
They are much more than just a wallet or a potential transaction in a system and need to be
recognized for all the attributes they bring.
The impak social network aims to help Retail Customers/Citizens reach two main goals: (i) easing
the process to purchase or invest in the Impact Economy and (ii) empowering themselves as
promoters of growth the Impact Economy, in ways other than their economic activity.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

13

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

Impact Organisations/Merchants
Positive Impact organisations core mission embodies their intention to improve the environment
and society through a sustainable business model. Those positive impact organizations will
become Accredited Merchants and will be allowed on the ecosystem after being vetted through a
process involving both the community and impak Finance accreditation filter (impak Scorecard).
This ensures that the quality of the data in the system remains high, noise-free and impactfocussed.
impak.eco aims to do two things in support of the organisations/businesses: help them raise
capital and generate sales.

Capital Partners
Capital partners are impact investors and want to invest in the Impact Economy. Impact investing
is rapidly growing, worldwide. However, the current lack of unified impact standards and the lack
of visibility on investment opportunities is a major obstacle to the flow of capital and the growth of
the sector.
impak.eco aims to help Capital Partners reach two main goals: have easy access to a curated
deal flow and facilitate the impact investment process.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

14

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

impak.eco interactions
The following graph shows the main value propositions/features for the 3 stakeholder categories
as well as the added value for each of them in their interactions.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

15

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

3.2.8

impak Coin and impak.eco

impak Coin and impak.eco have a symbiotic relationship. impak Coin is an important growth
vector for the Impact Economy within the social network, bringing on one hand a sense of
purpose and belonging through the execution of transactions in the impact space, and on the
other hand relieving the friction one finds in usual transactional mechanisms (e.g. transactional
fees).
impak.eco brings impak Coin legitimacy and integrity through its rigor and impact validation
mechanisms (impak Score Card). But it also establishes protocols to provide a valuation system
for impak Coin.

3.2.9

Scalability - from Canada to worldwide growth

Act local, think global, they say! The success of an ecosystem relies heavily on the path to critical
mass, i.e. obtaining enough actors in the system to generate an optimal level of interactions
toward the main drivers  in the case of impak.eco: toward the growth of the Impact Economy.
This is therefore the underlying principle governing the scalability of the system. The impak social
network aims to scale on 2 main levels: Sectors and Geolocation. In order to scale properly,
critical mass needs to be first achieved in one specific sector or geolocation to demonstrate its
value before moving to a new one.
A good example for this principle is how Facebook has scaled and reached critical mass through
university campuses before going live to all users across the world.
For impak.eco, this will be done by launching in the Canadian market where the Impact Economy
is rapidly growing and where a strong network of businesses, community players and investors
are supporting impak Finance. Lets not forget that at the heart of impak.eco lie real people and
real organisations that have been rallied to the project to co-create as well as scale. In recent
history, the success of digital social platforms has shown to be in direct relationship to the real
interactions between entities. The understanding of interactions in the communities of the
physical world remains a fundamental aspect of scaling impak.eco. That is why impak Finance is
also working closely with groups and individuals in the impact space to achieve critical mass.
Also, a series of partnerships are currently being established with other financial institutions, such
as members of the Global Alliance for Banking on Values or certification mechanisms like BCorp, to allow the platform to scale globally while acting locally. It is of utmost importance for
impak.eco to decentralize its growth and allow for diversity in its scaling process. It is through this
process that we will be able to show the power of the decorrelation of the Impact Economy to a
countrys while correlating it to growth based on shared values and sustainability.

3.2.10 The impak Scorecard
The impak Scorecard is the criteria by which all companies on the impak.eco will be judged on
their level of impact and will become accredited Merchants. As such, it is the central element in
how choices will be made both by investors looking at investment opportunities and retail
customers looking for value aligned businesses to provide them with the products and services
they seek.
The impak Scorecard criteria are based on the 17 UN Sustainable Objectives. The criteria cover
Governance, the well being of Employees and the Community, the Environment and the business
model.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

16

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

3.3

Development of Business

impak Finance Inc. is in start-up phase and as such has yet not commenced commercial
operations, but has been active since July 2016 and has successfully accomplished the following:
Milestone

Detail

Product/Market Fit



Demonstrated the Product/Market fit through a record equity
crowdfunding in Canada (October to December 2016) that
raised close to CAD 1.0m.

Start-up Equity Raise



Raised a total of CAD 1.5m  including equity crowdfunding.

Social Media Presence &
Marketing Know-How



Generated over 20 million impressions in visibility in Canada

Community Backing



Over 1,000 individual shareholders



Built a following of over 24,000 advocates



Positioned the impak brand in the Canadian market

Brand Awareness

3.4

Short Term Objectives

During the next 18 months, impak Finance aims to achieve the following milestones:

Milestone
Launch of impak Capital

impak Debt Fund 1

Detail


impak Capital will be the structuring entity at the centre of the
ecosystem while the application for the Canadian Bank Charter
will be processed by OSFI (Office of the Superintendent of
Financial Institutions).



impak Capital will manage impact investment funds, conduct
delegated portfolio management activities as well as
investment banking activities  the latter having the potential of
generating short-term revenues for impak Finance.



Lending to impact SME as of Q3 2017



Delivery version 1.0 of impak Scorecard by Q3 2017



Coding of the financial risk Scorecard (proven Scorecard
approach based on financial data)



Manually calculate the impact Scorecard (impak evaluation
methodology developed)

 impak Finance inc. 2017

17

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

Milestone

Detail

Pre-Sale of impak Coin (MPK)
through a worldwide ICO
(Crowdsale)

min: CAD 500,000 - max: CAD 10,000,000*

Launch of impak.eco App

impak Coin (MPK)



Launch impak.eco v 1.0 end of 2017, the collaborative social
network dedicated to the Impact Economy



Prior to launch in Q4: populate with 500 enterprises & 150
Capital partners



Sign in 5,000 user participants from which 1,500 will be
investors in impak Fund



Deliver MPKs to owners that bought during pre-sale



Deliver the MPK eWallet to retail and impact enterprises
	

*Please see Section 6.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

18

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

3.5

Use of Funds

The impak Coin presale funds will be utilized to pay for development expenses according to the
following schedule:

Expense items

Funds Allocation

Funds Allocation

CAD

CAD

Min. amount

Max. amount

Product development
impak Coin (MPK) architecture

75,000

150,000

impak Pay eWallet (retail and enterprises)

65,000

250,000

MPK marketplace in eWallet

50,000

250,000

impak.eco online social network
development

75,000

2,250,000

15,000

2,500,000

200,000

4,000,000

Product maintenance

10,000

450,000

Legal

10,000

150,000

Total

500,000

10,000,000

Marketing & Sales
Liquidity reserve

 impak Finance inc. 2017

19

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

4. Interests of Directors, Management, Promoters, and Principal
Holders
4.1

Compensation and Securities Held*

Name and Municipality
of principal residence

Positions held and the
date of obtaining that
position

Compensation paid by
Corporation in the most
recently completed
financial year and the
compensation
anticipated to be paid in
the current financial year

2,083,333 Common Shares
(24.7%)

President
Paul Allard

(May 2016 to present)
Nil

Montreal, Quebec

Number, type and
percentage of securities
of the Corporation held
after completion of
Offering

Nil Warrants for Common
Shares

Director
Nil Options

(May 5, 2016 to present)

Nil MPK

Tima Gros
Montreal, Quebec

Secretary

Nil

(May 2016 to present)

500,000 Common Shares
(5.9%)
Nil Warrants for Common
Shares

Director
(May 5, 2016 to present)

Nil Options
Nil MPK

* No common shares or other equity securities are being offered hereby.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

20

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

4.2

Management Experience

impak Finances executive team is composed of experienced entrepreneurs, marketers, banking
and fund professionals dedicated to the success of our mission. The following table sets out the
biography of the executive team members of the Corporation:

Name

Principal occupation and related experience

Paul Allard

With more than 20 years of experience in management, marketing and funding of
innovative companies in growth environments specifically in the media and technology
industry, Mr. Allard is currently founder and President of impak Finance Inc.

Co-founder
Chief Ecosystem Officer

Since 2015, he has been a senior advisor at Redwood Capital, an investment bank
specialised in M&A based in New York.
From 2007 to 2014 he was founder and CEO of Engagement Labs (TSX-V: EL), a
technology company specialized in real-time intelligent social media data, analytics
and insights for organizations that are actively engaging on social and digital networks.
Elabs has offices in London, New-York, Toronto and Montreal.
From 2007 to 2012, he was a lecturer at the Universit du Qubec  Montral for a
series of seminars on entrepreneurship.
In 2006 he co-founded and operated for 3 years AlternativeChannel.tv, the first
Multilanguage WebTV channel devoted to sustainable development.
Since 2005, he has been involved in different transactions with listed and private
companies.
In 1997, he founded ZAQ Inc., a web services and interactive TV technology company,
which he was President & CEO. He brought it public in 2000 (TSX-V:ZAQ) and in 2003
the company was sold to Intasys Corp. (NASDAQ: INTA) and ISAC Technologies LLC
(TSX-V:ISF).
Mr. Allard also was co-founder and Chairman of Association des Producteurs en
Multimedia du Quebec now known as Alliance Numrique from 1997 to 1999. In 1999
Mr. Allard also acted as co-founder and Chairman of Interactive Multimedia Producers
of Canada until 2001. These two organizations were responsible for discussing and
negotiating government policies (federal and provincial) affecting this new industry.
Prior to his business career, he worked in the entertainment industry, specifically in
theatre and television for more than 10 years (Les Miz, Paul McCartneys musical
ways, LOpra de quatsous, Gala, etc.).
Mr. Allard holds a Bachelor of Arts in music and an MBA in International Marketing &
Finance from HEC Montreal.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

21

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

Name

Principal occupation and related experience

Philippe Gablain

Bringing sense to technology for the user's benefit has always been Philippe's
motivation.

Co-founder
Chief Technology Officer

Since early 1998 Philippe has been a pioneer in new forms of digital communication,
winning the prize of best corporate campaign in 2000 for B2L/BBDO (France). At Paris
Premire (French TV channel) he built bridges between traditional TV and the web by
designing the brand's rich media content portal. Then he advised big companies on
their content strategy at Hummingbird, the Canadian leader of enterprise content
solutions. 5 years later Philippe joined the French start-up jechange.fr as CTO a
comparator aimed to simplify the process of choosing between complex insurance,
credit, banking or broadband contracts. But he felt he could do more. Three years later
Philippe co-founded Mighty Watch, an innovative service empowering brands to boost
interactions with their community on social media by combining monitoring, publishing
and analytics in a single tool. In 2013, Mighty Watch was acquired by Engagement
Labs, the social media analytics company. There, as the head of product, Philippe has
unified, simplified and created a unique experience from the company's products, in
order to adapt them to marketers needs.
At impak Finance, Philippe is imagining products that will concretize impak Finance's
mission: create an inclusive experience that will empower citizens to be an active part
of the social network as much as the technological vision that will be able to support it.

Tima Gros
Co-founder
Chief Happiness Officer

Tima holds an MBA in Management Consulting and a degree in psychosociology. She
is passionate about coaching humans in both individual and organizational contexts.
She regularly acts as host and facilitator of collective intelligence processes through
creative activities, social innovation and citizen collaboration namely for J. Armand
Bombardier Foundation, Institut du Nouveau Monde and Rendez-vous des
entrepreneurs sociaux.
Timas concern for education, the environment, human rights and the fight against
poverty drives her to question the status quo and to continually challenge established
boundaries, steadfastly caring to "maintain the central focus on human beings." In fact,
she co-founded and led, for 7 years, a non-profit advocacy and training organisation for
sustainable development. She volunteered with AIDS Solidarity - Solidays for 8 years,
and on behalf of the Mimosa Association, an orphanage in Haiti.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

22

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

Name

Principal occupation and related experience

Pierre-tienne Vachon

Pierre-Etienne Vachon is an entrepreneur at heart. He knows how to recognize the
potential of a project even before it starts. Skilled in crisis management, making
decisions in a high-pressure environment and in orchestrating large scale projects, he
has successfully demonstrated results for the past 20 years in marketing, technology
and business development. He has proven his worth both as a director, manager and
founder of many businesses.

Head of Product
Development

Hailing from an academic background in both kinesiology and neurobiology where he
has perfected the skills of interaction design, memory retention and scientific user
experience. Pierre-Etienne has evolved both in Canada and internationally applying
these skills to a variety of fields such as in fintech, marketing, tourism and IoT.
In his career he has founded, built and sold 4 main businesses: Proximus (an
international project management firm specialising in technology) Mille Verba (a
marketing agency), Gonzie (a search classified ads search engine), and la Fringale (a
school catering ecommerce).
Pierre-Etienne has also been on boards and been an advisor for many projects. He
has acted as an Ambassador for Asian Pacific Business Interest for UN projects,
Honorary President for the International User Experience Day, Ambassador for the
Quebec Association of Social Integration, technology investment advisor for large
entities in the middle east, Honorary President for the Periscope Theatre and Lead
Development Advisor for iOTheatre.
Both as a director and manager, Pierre-Etienne has also contributed to large scale
projects for businesses he was involved with. Ranging from technology harmonization
projects for the Asian Development Bank, to web acquisition and supply chain
platforms deployment projects in the pharma industry as well as business development
summits for the World Trade University (acting for the United Nations).
Recently Pierre-Etienne has also been Vice President Sales/Marketing/Technology for
the Village Vacances Valcartier and Calypso a CAD 250M business with over 1300
employees and deployed a 70M hotel and indoor waterpark project.
Aside from his business involvement, Pierre-Etienne has also been a guest speaker in
many events on topics such as Fintech, User Experience, Interaction Design, Business
Development and Neuromarketing in a variety of arenas around the world.
Pierre-Etienne brings to impak Finance a large skill set in technology, international
business development, marketing, interaction design, negotiation and product
development. Combined with over 15 years abroad, he brings and intricate
understanding of macro and micro business needs and adaptability to ensure success
of the projects he undertakes.
Franois Le Bel

Head of Business
Development
impak Capital

Franois is a Business Development professional with more than 25 years of
experience in various industries. He started working in the Financial Industry in 2011
for Optimus US real Estate, where he raised $40m through distribution deals with
EMDs. He has since participated in the structuring and raise of private investment
funds and is now leading the creation of impak Capital and impak Debt Fund 1.
After graduating in 1993 with a Masters in Civil Engineering with a specialty in
Hydraulics from cole Polytechnique de Montral, Franois started working for SNCLavalin, where he became in charge of developing Postal Privatization projects
worldwide. In doing so, he oversaw all strategic, technical, legal and financial aspects
for these ventures.
Franois also worked in technology, first for Mediagrif, a firm specializing in the
development and operation of B2B marketplaces. He then took on the role of VP Sales
in Canada for Gemalto, a leading manufacturer of smart cards and digital security
products in the world, where he negotiated with Rogers and RBC to implement the first
mobile NFC payment project in the Americas.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

23

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

Name

Principal occupation and related experience

Jean Oulhen

Jean, with a Master of Science in engineering and an Actuary degree, has spent most
of his career in the banking industry. After 4 years in software R&D, in 2006 he joined
BPCE, second-ranking banking group in France, where he carried out various projects
in financial risk and balance sheet management. He led, after the 2008 financial
turmoil, the team in charge of liquidity management for the group, with the goal of
conducting the implementation of new Basel III Liquidity regulation within BPCEs
business lines (retail and corporate & investment banking). In 2013, he took the
opportunity to deal with the large & mid-cap corporate clients liquidity management
products within Natixis (BPCEs CIB subsidiary) Global Transaction Banking division.

Co-founder
Senior Risk Management
Director

In 2015, after observing that the new banking regulations had exacerbated funding
difficulties for small businesses, Jean co-founded Intrts Communs in France with
Armen Ouzounian, bringing alternative finance solutions to SMEs, and connecting
them to institutional investors.
With the conviction that banking, one of the oldest industries, is going through a crucial
moment in its history and must evolve to survive, Jean was enthusiastic to join the
impak Finance endeavor, which fully embodies this necessary evolution towards a
better finance.
Armen Ouzounian
Co-founder
Senior Regulatory Director

Curious and passionate about sciences, mathematics and their application in the real
world, Armen has earned a MSc degree from one of the top engineering schools in
France.
Following a first experience in machine learning, Armen joined Sia Partners, a fast
growing Consulting firm with an entrepreneurial spirit where he specialized in Risk
Management and Financial Management topics. Armen has been involved on hot
topics in Europe's biggest banks.
In 2011, Armen joined Groupe BPCE, a cooperative banks network representing
France's second largest bank. Among the Assets & Liability Management department,
he has been part of Jean's team and then in charge of the liquidity norms & regulators
relationship. Thus, he negotiated, alongside with other major banks, the Basel 3
framework with the authorities and BPCE specificities.
Business-wise, Armen was part of the task-force that brought BPCE above 100% LCR
compliance years before the regulatory requirement.
In 2015, with Jean, Armen quitted BPCE to launch Intrts Communs, a set of tools
and services helping SMEs access alternative financing means. This service
comprises a web-based bond-emitting tools used in private placement.
Convinced that finance can positively impact our society and that there is space for a
new player in North America, Armen has naturally joined the team. He will be in
charge, with Jean, of designing the financial products offering and the financial and risk
management framework.

Stphane Dumont
Co-founder
Head of Marketing

MIT graduate in international business for IT companies and pioneer of the Canadian
digital environment, Stephane presents an impressive career in digital business. This
serial entrepreneur co-founded five companies, still operating today. During various
mandates, he developed effective e-Commerce strategies for brands such as the
National Bank, TD Bank, and BDC. Having founded and led the digital agency
Revolver 3, Stephane continues its momentum in the world of cyber-experiences by
Emotional Commerce TM, a strategic planning methodology in digital marketing and eCommerce.
In 2014, he founded and still presides over Liveshout, a technology company offering a
social entertainment ecosystem. Stephane is passionate about technology, innovation,
and human behaviour. He has developed and deployed various awareness campaigns
and responsible communication programs for organizations such as quiterre, Oxfam
and CHUM Foundation.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

24

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

4.3

Advisory Committee

The impak Finance is backed by an experienced advisory committee devoted to the impact
economy. The following table sets out the biography of its members:
Name

Principal occupation and related experience

Bill Young

Prior to founding Social Capital Partners in 2001, Bill spent twenty years in the private
sector leading high growth, entrepreneurial organizations. He was CEO of Hamilton
Computers, a publicly traded company that grew from $15 million to $250 million under
his leadership and was sold to GE Capital. Bill was also the CEO and subsequently the
Chairman of Optel Communications Corp. (later Axxent). Bill began his career as a
Chartered Accountant with Ernst & Young and holds an Honours BA from the
University of Toronto and an MBA from the Harvard Business School. He currently sits
on a variety of boards for social enterprises and community organizations, and is a
member of the Canadian Task Force on Social Finance. In 2013, Bill was appointed as
a member of the Order of Canada for his contributions to Canadian society and his
innovative achievements as a social entrepreneur and philanthropist.

President, Social Capital
Partners

Marguerite (Margie) Mendell

PhD in Economics from McGill University (1983)
Ms. Mendell has been teaching at Concordia since 1986. Her current research and
teaching are on the social economy, alternative investment strategies, comparative
community economic development, economic democracy, and the work of Karl Polanyi
whose influence continues to grow today. Member of the Centre de recherche sur les
innovations sociales dans conomie sociale, les entreprises et les syndicats (CRISES UQAM); member of the Advisory Council of the B.C.-Alberta Research Alliance on the
Social Economy (BALTA) and member of the Scientific Advisory Group on Social
Economy and Social Innovation of the Trento Center for Local Development.
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD-Paris), among
others.

Mr. Pierre Valentin
Board member of financial
institutions

Pierre is presently the chairman of an investment fund, he occupied various board
member positions (CFO, Deputy CEO) in important financial institutions, acting in the
social and responsible banking and investment sector.
He has a scientific background and started as an engineer after graduating from cole
Polytechnique and earning a PhD in Physics.

David Poirier
Founder of the Poirier
Group

Based in Toronto, Canada, David is the founder of The Poirier Group - a global
company that specialises in helping organisations to implement and integrate
significant change successfully.
David has extensive experience in the retail, general merchandise, food distribution,
health and life sciences and manufacturing industries. He thrives on creating and
executing operational strategies, organizational transformations and process
improvements that deliver on all business levels - particularly in complex and everchanging business environments.
David holds a Bachelor of Applied Science (Industrial Engineering) from the University
of Toronto, Professional Engineering Designation and Professional Logistician. He was
recognized with the top award for meritorious service in the last 25 years by the
University of Toronto, he was named one of the Top 10 Retailer CIOs in 2001 and
appointed a Fellow of the World Academy of Productivity Science in 1995. He has
published articles and reference materials and is a sought-after speaker on
organisational change, values-based leadership and international business.
As well as being the CEO of TPG, David manages the partnership between The Lucas
Groups advisory services and The Poirier Group focused on providing a full range of
strategic and operational services to companies and their investors.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

25

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

Name

Principal occupation and related experience

Lou Odette

This MIT graduate and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering is a quantitative analyst and
model builder, well versed in constructing sophisticated financial and statistical models.
Lou is particularly effective at grasping unfamiliar technologies and techniques,
morphing technology into practice, and adapting technology to complex business
needs. His track record highlights successful endeavours in creating, growing and
managing technology and software businesses along with demonstrated achievements
in thought leadership, revenue growth, and P&L management for SMBs, start-ups, and
business units in Fortune 100 companies. Lous strengths include unique synthetic
skills and in-depth knowledge of computer programming. He also holds a Masters
degree in mathematical finance and another in electrical engineering from Oxford.

Chairman, Odette
Foundation

Assaf Weisz
Co-founder and Managing
Director of Purpose Capital,

Purpose Capital is a North American impact investment and advisory firm that supports
leading financial institutions, foundations and families to integrate impact
considerations across their portfolios. Assaf acts as the key contact and spokesperson
for Purpose Capital and is responsible for leading the strategic direction of the
company as well as oversight on firm-wide activities. Within Purpose Capital, Assaf
also serves as the Executive Director for Nexus Canada, part of a global movement to
bridge communities of wealth with social entrepreneurship.

	

 impak Finance inc. 2017

26

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

5. Building impak Coin (MPK)
5.1

Summary

Blockchain technology has been evolving at an unmatched pace. Some of these innovative
features have been integrated within the original Bitcoin blockchain while some others have been
integrated to brand new chains of altcoins. There are hundreds of new altcoins created every
year, many with the purpose of proving these new innovative features.
impak Coin is one of them. impak Coin is a cryptocurrency built on blockchain technology. It is
centrally governed by a governing body established by impak Finance and shares its values of
transparency, stability and purpose. impak Coin is meant to fuel the green, socially responsible
and the local economies all around the globe. Anyone using the network will be validated during a
mandatory onboarding process in order to truly have a community that shares our values.
One major innovative point with impak Coin is its stability. Unlike most cryptocurrencies, it will not
be traded on exchanges (markets), but rather on a dedicated market managed by impak Finance,
and at a pre-established price point. This way, impak Coin will be stable in value, contrary to the
usual offer and demand models.
impak Coin is part of a new movement called Blockchain 2.0. which improves upon existing
Blockchain infrastructure to support more efficient cryptocurrencies. In other words, this approach
promotes the usage of meta-cryptocurrencies and meta-blockchain. In the impak Coins case,
the underlying network is the WAVES Blockchain.
impak Coin aims to stimulate, to retain, to attract and to orientate capital towards the impact
economy, hence promoting its growth. Therefore, impak Coin will encourage participating
members to put their buying power at each other's disposal and keep it circulating within the
Impact Economy, thereby providing impact enterprises with additional sales volume and loyalty.

5.2

What is Blockchain technology?

At its simplest, the blockchain is a digital record stored on a network of computers around the
world. Instead of securing information by restricting access, the blockchain shares information
amongst all users. Ownership of funds (for example) is cryptographically verified, and the full
transparency and mutual ownership of the system means that a bad actor is immediately
recognisable as such and any transactions submitted by such a node are ignored. The
decentralised structure of the blockchain brings several key features in contrast to traditional
centralised approaches:


Transparency: it is possible for anyone to track the movement of funds from one
account to another.



Immutability: once confirmed, a transaction cannot be reversed. No one can interfere
with a completed transfer.



Low cost: transaction fees are minimal.



Cross-border: funds can be sent as easily to someone on the other side of the world as
they can to someone in the next room.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

27

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017



5.3
5.3.1

Speed: due to the flat and transparent nature of Blockchain, transfers show up almost
instantly and are typically confirmed in minutes, rather than hours or days.2

Why Blockchain 2.0 and WAVES?
Why Blockchain 2.0

Since its inception, blockchain technology has been fraught with controversy over its most
natural application  value transfer using the network token. Decentralized money is a
groundbreaking development, but blockchain technology cannot be reduced to this alone. Being
essentially a distributed database, the blockchain allows for various types of distributed ledger
3
entries, the nature of which depends on their interpretation by the blockchain users.
By entering metadata in the ledger, which are encoded and decoded depending on the needs,
the transactions about a new type of token can be supported by a network that has nothing to do
with the second layer cryptocurrency (or 2.0). Essentially, the second layer ledger is the gathering
of precise fractions of the underlying ledger.
This way, it is possible to create and manage a cryptocurrency without having to support or
develop a Blockchain infrastructure. The main advantages are security and development costs. In
its nature, the more users use and validate (no matter the consensus algorithm) a Blockchain, the
hardest it is the successfully attack. So by leveraging an existing top tier chain/network to host
the metadata of a second layer cryptocurrency, the security is superior than having to develop it
in the first hand. These advantages are comparable with those coming from renting a server in
4
the cloud instead of buying, deploying and maintaining the physical infrastructure.

5.3.2

Why WAVES ?

WAVES is a decentralized blockchain platform focusing on custom blockchain tokens
5
operations . Exactly made for second layer tokens, WAVES looked like a perfect match for what
impak Coin envisioned. Digging a little deeper, its PoS consensus model makes it faster and
greener compared to PoW Blockchains. Despite being a relatively young coin, WAVES market
cap of $40M showcases its potential and strong codebase. The project managed to attract a
blasting capital of $16M during the ICO, which is, on par with Ethereum, the largest ICO ever
made.
Serious projects are already leveraging the WAVES blockchain for their own second layer
cryptocurrencies, for example Incent from Australia who raised $1M earlier this year.

5.4

impak Coin (MPK) Blockchain infrastructure

impak Coin is also different by its Blockchain infrastructure. impak Coin is part of the movement
of Blockchain 2.0. The philosophy is all about leveraging an existing Blockchain to encode
2

Source : WAVES white paper

3

Source : WAVES white paper P.2

4

Advantages of Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), TechTarget 2015

5

Source : Stratis white paper P.3

 impak Finance inc. 2017

28

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

metadata instead of first layer transactions. As well as a cryptocurrency transaction, a string of
characters on a Blockchain could represent pretty much anything like other digital assets or
securities. That philosophy has enabled new models like Blockchain-as-a-service (BaaS). Just
like cloud computing where you can use the infrastructure without owning it and having to
manage it, BaaS let you use a Blockchain without having to maintain the network yourself. In a
way, we can say that impak Coins Blockchain is a meta-Blockchain and impak Coin itself is a
meta-cryptocurrency.
The chosen underlying Blockchain for impak Coin is WAVES. WAVES is a PoS Blockchain
forked from Bitcoin with low block time, low fees and is specifically designed for the integration of
second layer assets. Due to its PoS nature, it is a greener alternative than PoW blockchains.

impak Coin (MPK) Abstract Stack

5.5

Anonymity

Every user will have to go through a standard KYC process. Then, every new public key will be
stapled to its owner identity but this record will not be public. Hence there will be a limited
anonymity in the impak Coin network. The fact that any transactions or addresses can be tied to
a physical person eliminates much of the regulatory friction. This system could also enable new
models for regulators and authority where instead of having to push them the information on
transactions, they could pull it from the transparent Blockchain. This would make it less of a
burden for citizens and would benefit authorities since they would have the truth right away.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

29

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

5.6

Private keys

In the impak Coin-centralized system, private keys are never stored on the clients device. They
will remain secured within the impak infrastructure. This way, the risks associated with loss or
theft of a private key are all mitigated by impak Finance which eases that burden for its clients.

5.7
5.7.1

Transactions
WAVES Transaction Cost to impak Finance

The transaction fees on the Waves platform are 0.001 WAVES per transaction no matter the size
of the transaction - this fee is paid by impak Finance (as a matter of comparison, 1 WAVES is
approximately $0.37 which means 1000 impak Coin transactions would cost $0.37). impak
Finance is not charging any fees for its infrastructure.

5.7.2

Transaction speed

The transaction speed for impak Coin will be somewhere between 1-20 seconds before the first
confirmation. This is somewhat faster than most other cryptocurrencies. Those speeds are
achieved due to impak Coin being a second layer Blockchain and because of its underlying PoS
model.

5.8

Network Architecture

It is important to understand the entities within the network and how they interact with each other.
There are four main player required for the system to work: Apps servers, MPK core, WAVES
node and the database server.

5.8.1

Apps servers:

Some apps servers may be supported by impak Finance, others will be under the control of the
governance. An example of an application using the MPK is the web wallet, which will be
developed and maintained by impak Finance. In general, all apps will become an integral part of
the ecosystem and should be developed using User Centered Design principles. Third party
developers are invited to contribute to the ecosystem by connecting to MPK core API.

5.8.2

MPK core

The MPK core acts as the entry point for any application. It will act as the Blockchain core with
6
traditional calls as well as for internal procedures like onboarding clients and managing money
supply.

6

See Annex 1

 impak Finance inc. 2017

30

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

5.8.3

WAVES node

The WAVES node could be on the same virtual machines as the MPK core. The node will be the
gateway for the core to interact with the actual ledger underlying impak Coin. The WAVES node
could be optional since the interaction could be done with a public WAVES node already on the
network but there could be security issues if the node gets compromised.

5.8.4

Database server

The database server is where the sensitive information will be stored. This is why there should be
extra security measures in place such as an IP whitelist, firewall, encryption of every sensitive
field and more.

Network architecture

5.9
5.9.1

Stability
impak Coin Stable Supply

As impak Coins main objective and purpose is to support the growth of the Impact Economy, the
MPK creation mechanism is designed to be correlated with the growth of the transactions value
within impak.eco.
The issuance or revoking of MPKs is made off-chain by the MPK Governance Body. The amount
is determined to reflect the health of the impak.eco community in a way that if it grows, more can
be added and if it shrinks, more can be revoked. One of the factors will be the flow between fiat
and MPKs. To assure transparency at any time, there will be a reserved address for the issuance

 impak Finance inc. 2017

31

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

of MPKs. This will allow to openly disclose at any time the amount of MPKs in circulation and the
moment they were issued.

5.9.2

Stable Market

Although impak Coin will be supported by a fully decentralized blockchain (Waves), the MPK
Governance Body will be the central authority regulating the exchange rate and controlling the
issuance mechanism. The goal being to assure that impak Coin remains a growth catalyst for the
impak.eco Merchants that accepts impak Coin-based transactions. Furthermore, the MPK
Governance Body will have sole responsibility for stabilizing the MPK price. It will do so by setting
the price of the MPK on a quarterly basis and executing market operations as described further in
this document.

5.10 Merchant ecosystem
5.10.1 Merchant service
Every accredited impact businesses and organizations (Accredited Merchants) publishing the
impak Sore Card within impak.eco social network will be granted with an impak Coin merchant
eWallet (the MPK eWallet). The MPK eWallet will allow them to seamlessly accept payments
made in MPK. All MPK transactions made to an Accredited Merchant will be free of charge. This
will foster the circulation of impak Coin within impak.eco.

5.10.2 Customer rewards
Clients are going to be incentivized to spend their impak Coin within impak.eco through a reward
system. Similar to a cash-back system, clients will receive a % of what they spend as new MPK.
The exact percentage will be adjusted from time to time by the MPK Governance Body to
regulate and stabilize the MPK price.

5.11 Malicious Attack Prevention
5.11.1 Unauthorized transactions
It is impossible to eliminate the occurrence of a user account being compromised if someone
steal/guess/hack their password or device. This is why the MPK Governance Body must have a
protocol to contest or reverse illegitimate transactions. The main obstacle, however, is that by
nature the Blockchain ledger is immutable, thus transactions cannot be reversed or canceled.
The first element of the solution is to create a black hole address, an MPK eater of which no
one will have the private key. Then an anti-fraud address should be created with the sole
purpose of generating new MPKs following the destruction of dirty/compromised MPKs.
Now, every time an unauthorized transaction is identified, the whole amount of the transaction will
be sent from the receiver account into the black hole. After that, new coins will be generated by
the anti-fraud address and will be sent back the to sender of the unauthorized transaction. This
will do two things; first the balances will be in the same state they were before the malicious
transaction. Finally, the black hole address will make sure that dirty/corrupted coins are never

 impak Finance inc. 2017

32

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

in circulation after being identified. This way, every MPK on the network will have a clean history
and it will be possible to easily identify addresses that have been involved with malicious actions.

5.11.2 Private Key Management System Compromised
A system must be in place in the occurrence of a hacker gaining total access to the infrastructure
including the private key management system in which every private key is stored. In the case,
the main concern is to authorize fraudulent withdrawals and transactions. So first thing will be to
block all CAD withdrawals and signal that transactions are disabled. Then, a recovery system will
take care to duplicate valid data onto a brand new Blockchain with their own distinct private/public
keys.
The recovery system will create a new asset on the WAVES network. From this new asset, pair
of keys will be generated for every account registered in the KYC database. Once every key is
regenerated onto the new Blockchain, the recovery system will chronologically duplicate any
transaction made on the compromised Blockchain onto the new one until the point where the
infrastructure has been compromised. Finally, once the new asset is at the desired state, every
key from the old system will be wiped and the MPK core will now be redirected on the new asset
that will become the main impak Coin asset.
Hence, even if the hacker has a duplicate of every keys and enters what he want in the old
compromised Blockchain, the old asset will not be recognized by any means as an MPK since
the MPK core will reference the new Blockchain.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

33

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

5.11.3 Cashback System Abuse
To prevent abuse in the cashback system, bonuses will not be drawn directly from the raw
outgoing amount of ones address. It will be calculated instead from the flow of MPKs between
each individual with which one has transacted with. The flow is basically the difference between
the income and outcome between each pair of individuals. Any overlapping flow between two
users will be deducted from the rewardable outcome. This system makes the abuse of the
cashback system much more difficult, since no matter how many people are involved in the fraud,
only the ones with a positive flow will receive cashback.
One the example below, user C and D have an overlapping flow for of 50 MPK which makes that
50 MPK not eligible for cashback.
For clarity, in each transaction, one of the users must be a an accredited merchant. Transfers of
MPKs between individuals are not permitted.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

34

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

6. The MPK Crowdsale
6.1

The Impact Economy

The Impact Economy is a new market force underpinned by companies, entrepreneurs and
investors that have the intention to generate social and environmental impact alongside a
financial return. Impact entrepreneurs are pursuing business opportunities that will both generate
profit and address endemic social problems.

6.2

impak Coin (MPK): the first cryptocurrency with social purpose

impak Coin is the first complementary currency leveraging the power of cryptocurrencies and
blockchain to support and accelerate the growth of the Impact Economy.


It is the first crypto currency with a purpose combining the orientation power of
complementary currencies with the decentralized scalability and usability of a
blockchain currency.



The way it is designed and coded, impak Coin will be the first stable cryptocurrency
supporting the growth of the Impact Economy. Its value will be initially pegged to the
Canadian Dollar and will be adjusted quarterly by the MPK Governance Body with the
objective of maintaining purchasing power over a set basket of goods and services.



impak Coins purpose is to encourage participating members to put their buying power
at each other's disposal and keep it circulating within the Impact Economy, thereby
providing impact enterprises with additional sales volume and loyalty.



impak Coin may even dampen downturns in the business cycle, helping to stabilize and
grow the Impact Economy during difficult times.



The use of impak Coin may result in increased sales, cash flow and profits for Impact
Organizations (Accredited Merchants) within the impak.eco social network.



impak Coin is a "coup de force" against the "diversion" by banks of a "public service"
mission: monetary creation and real economy stimulation.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

35

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

6.3
6.3.1

impak Coin (MPK) Crowdsale Details & Terms
MPK Crowdsale Terms*

MPK Denomination

1 MPK = 1 CAD or equivalent in BTC or ETH

MPK Cap

Minimum: 575 000 Coins
Maximum: 11 500 000 Coins (See Section 6.3.3 Bonus Structure)

Transactions Fees

Refer to section 6.8.3.

Reserve in CAD kept

Year 1 reserve 40% of Crowdsale
Year 2 reserve 30% of Crowdsale

Reserve in MPK kept

15% of Crowdsale

MPK Buyback

MPK Governance Body will maintain stability of the MPK market by buying
and/or selling MPKs on the marketplace.

Trading Term

MPK are intended to be traded in perpetuity once issued, however, all MPK
are subject to resale restrictions outlined in Section 10 as well as the
Escrow Period described below.

Ongoing Pricing Policy

The price of the MPK in CAD will be established by the MPK Governance
Body once every quarter and will be correlated on the evolution of the total
transaction value within impak.eco.

MPK expected date of
launch

June 2018

MPK expected MPK
eWallet launch

June 2018

Escrow period

The escrow schedule for all initial holders of MPK is:
1/4 tradable immediately at launch of MPK eWallet
1/4 tradable 6 months following MPK eWallet launch
1/4 tradable 12 months following MPK eWallet launch
1/4 tradable 18 months following MPK eWallet launch

Use of funds

Refer to section 3.5.

Governance

All MPK holders will have gone through an identification process (KYC).
The MPK Governance Body, composed of independent value aligned
members, will be responsible of the MPK price stability by controlling the
MPK supply and by maintaining the MPK market with its own reserve.

*the terms and conditions may change and impak Finances reserves the right to modify one or all of those
dates. The Crowdsale landing page terms and conditions will prevail.

6.3.2

Funds Held in Escrow

All proceeds from the ICO will be placed in escrow pending the minimum raise of $500,000 being
achieved and the requirements of KYC and suitability being met. Funds will be returned to
investors if the minimum raise of $500,000 is not reached by impak Finance. Funds will also be

 impak Finance inc. 2017

36

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

returned to specific investors if impak Finance deems their contribution unsuitable, according to
its own business rules.

6.3.3

Liquidity Reserve

In order to ensure a floor value for the MPK, the MPK Governance Body will maintain 40% of the
crowdsale in CAD in Year 1, 30% of the crowdsale in CAD in Year 2, and 15% of the crowdsale
in MPK at all times in an escrow account.
The MPK Governing Body will have sole discretion over these funds and may use them if
necessary to purchase MPKs and take them out of circulation thus reducing the MPK supply.
All market operations conducted by the MPK Governing Body will be published in a bulletin
available to all MPK holders.

6.3.4

Bonus Structure

The number of impak coins issued may vary on the bonus terms listed below:

6.4

>

VIP Crowdsale, 15 AUG, 2017: 25%

>

Crowdsale, 21 AUG 2017: 20%

>

Bonus, 23 AUG 2017: 15%

>

Bonus, 6 SEP 2017: 10%

impak Coin Launch Timeline*

1 MAY 2017

Crowdsale pre-campaign

7 MAY 2017

Whitepaper distribution

15 AUG 2017

VIP Crowdsale opening

21 AUG 2017

Crowdsale public opening

20 SEP 2017

Crowdsale close

JUN 2018

impak Coin distribution

JUN 2018

impak Pay e-Wallet launch

*this	timeline	may	change	and	differ	in	time	and	impak	Finances	reserves	the	right	to	modify	one	or	all	of	those	
dates.

6.5

Designed to Accelerate Growth of the Impact Economy

Every accredited impact business and organization (Accredited Merchant) publishing their impak
Scorecard within impak.eco will be granted an MPK merchant eWallet (MPK eWallet). The MPK
eWallet will allow seamless acceptance of payments made in MPK. All impak Coin transactions

 impak Finance inc. 2017

37

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

made to an Accredited Merchant will be free of charge. All other transactions, such as exchange
into other currencies, will have a transaction fee. This will foster the circulation of MPKs within
impak.eco.
Although any merchants (non impak accredited) and individuals will be able to own, accept, buy
and sell MPKs at the listed market price, the cost of selling MPKs will favor the use of MPKs
within impak.eco.
On the other hand, spending cryptocurrencies or fiat money (mostly CAD in the initial deployment
phase) within impak.eco will be rewarded: on each transaction executed with Accredited
Merchants, the buyer will be granted an MPK cash-back representing a % of the transaction. This
cash-back system will be the main currency creation process. (see MPK Supply section 5.9)

6.6

impak Coin Aligns Incentives to Grow the Impact Economy

Imagine a world where merchants could reward customers instantly, with a digital asset that
never expires and appreciates in value. Would you not shop with a merchant who offered such a
powerful reward?
impak Coin represents for its holders access to products and services offered by Accredited
Merchants (businesses and organizations) part of the impak.eco network.
By combining the values of complementary currencies and the power of crypto-currencies, we
believe impak Coin will have an impressive accelerating effect for the Impact Economy by
aligning its users incentives towards the support of this positive economy. Secondly, an Open API
approach will encourage third party developers to add functionalities to the impak Coin
ecosystem bridging to further growth of the network.

6.7

Initial impak Coin (MPK) Supply

The initial amount of MPKs created in this Crowdsale will be a minimum of 575,000 MPK to a
maximum of 11,500,000 MPK. The final number of MPKs issued will be affected by final issuance
based on bonus terms outlined in section 6.3.
In no event will more than 14,375,000 MPKs be issued. This number reflects to the maximum
crowd sale issuance (10,000,000), plus the greatest possible presale bonus (25%), plus the
Governance Body MPK reserve of (15%).

Initial MPK issuance

Min.

Max.

Crowdsale
issuance

Governance Body
MPK reserve (15%)

Total issued

500,000

75,000

575,000

718,750

10,000,000

1,500,000

11,500,000

14,375,000

 impak Finance inc. 2017

Total with Bonus
Effect

38

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

The Initial Holders of MPK of the Crowdsale will be subject to the following escrow schedule:





6.8

1/4 tradable immediately at launch of impak Pay eWallet
1/4 tradable 6 months following impak Pay eWallet launch
1/4 tradable 12 months following impak Pay eWallet launch
1/4 tradable 18 months following impak Pay eWallet launch

MPK Supply Will be Correlated to the Growth of the Impact Economy

As impak Coins main objective and purpose is to support the growth of the Impact Economy, the
MPK creation mechanism was designed to be correlated with the growth of the Impact Economy.
The main MPK creation mechanisms are as follows:

6.8.1

MPK cash-back percentage per transaction*

Most of the impak Coin supply will be created on an ongoing basis each time a transaction in
cryptocurrencies or in FIAT money occurs through an Accredited Merchant MPK eWallet. The
amount of MPKs created will represent a % of the transaction and will be automatically credited
to the buyers eWallet at the end of each month. Similar to a cash-back system, the % will be
adjusted from time to time by the MPK Governance Body to regulate and stabilize the MPK price.
The planned schedule of the MPK cash-back % applied during the first year following the impak
Coin launch is:

MPK creation (cash-back%)
schedule
Launch Phase (0-3 months)

10 %

Phase 1 (3-6 months)

7%

Phase 2 (6+ months)

5%

*This	 schedule	 may	 change	 and	 differ	 in	 time	 and	 impak	 Finances	 reserves	 the	 right	 to	 modify	 one	 or	 all	 of	 those	
figures	and	conditions.		

6.8.2

MPK Rewards Structure to incentivise usage

MPKs may be created and credited to users at the end of the month for actions promoting the
usage of the impak Coin. Examples of such transactions and rewards could be:


impak mobile app (wallet) installation:

25 MPK



first transaction with impak merchant:

10 MPK



a referred friend registering:

5 MPK



inviting personal network to impak.eco: 10 MPK

 impak Finance inc. 2017

39

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

Other activities could also trigger MPK creation for an impak.eco user; i.e. commenting,
participating in a co-creation activity, mentorship, recommending, etc.
The MPK Governance Body may choose to cancel MPKs when buying them back, or to create
new MPKs through a crowd sale or otherwise as long as it results in supporting impak Coins
main purpose.

6.8.3

MPK-CAD Conversion Fee

In order to be financially sustainable and cover its operating costs, impak Finance will apply
transaction fees of 2% on MPK conversions to CAD.
For greater certainty, there are no transaction fees charged for transactions with Accredited
Merchants (as defined below).

6.8.4

MPK Governance Body

The impak Foundation will create, be a founding member of and oversee the MPK Governance
Body which will be the institution managing the MPK supply and market. The MPK Governance
Body will be composed of third party value aligned members that are active in the Impact
Economy. Those members will meet quarterly and determine the Monetary Policy and the action
to be taken in order to support the stability of the MPK.
Members of the MPK Governance Body will be appointed by the impak Foundation for a 1-year
mandate, renewable on merit based on their track record in the impact economy. Members can
be removed by decision from the impak Foundation.

6.8.5

Stability of the MPK Value

Although impak Coin will be supported by a fully decentralized blockchain (Waves), The MPK
Governance Body will control the value of the MPK through (a) the quarterly setting of the
exchange rate, and (b) market operations like buying or selling MPKs with its own CAD and MPK
reserve, adjusting transaction fees, adjusting the % in MPK cash-back and issuing new MPKs.
The goal is to ensure the impak Coin remains a growth catalyst for the impak.eco merchants that
accept MPK-based transactions. Its value will be initially pegged to the Canadian Dollar and will
be adjusted with the objective of maintaining purchasing power over a set basket of goods and
services.

6.9

Open and Trustworthy

We are convinced that the more impact businesses (Accredited Merchants) will have access to
impak.eco social network, the more they will make use of impak Coin, and the more the impak
Coin will be useful to them. Therefore, we want this ecosystem to be open, and we will welcome
all organizations that work to nurture the Impact Economy as part of impak.eco. Value aligned
credit unions and financial institutions, incubators, certification organizations, etc. will be invited to
join the MPK Governance Body and will be allowed to grant eWallets to the impact businesses
and organizations they work with. The impak ecosystem, together with impak Coin, will become
stronger as it attracts players in the impact sector, and as it relies less on impak Finance for its
growth.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

40

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

Although only MPK Governance Body members will be able to qualify businesses as impact
organizations (Accredited Merchants) benefiting of such advantages as no transactions fees,
impak Finance will publish the API allowing anyone to create eWallet applications that trade in
MPKs.

6.10 Ongoing Information
On an ongoing basis, MPK holders will be able to access information related to the activity on the
impak.eco platform, such as statistics on the growth of impak.eco and the level of transactions,
as well as a listing of the new companies that have joined the ecosystem.
Furthermore, in order to provide an transparent picture of the financial health of the platform and
of the MPK, the MPK Governance Body will issue a quarterly Financial Bulletin containing the
following information :
>
>
>
>
>
>

Value of the MPK and Exchange Rate.
Description of the Basket of Goods & Services used as the benchmark for evaluating the
purchasing power of the MPK.
Number of MPKs outstanding.
Market operations conducted by the MPK Governance body (MPK issued or
repurchased)
Modifications to the Rewards Structure.
Balance of the MPK and CAD Reserve Funds.

MPK holders will be able to access impak Finances Audited Financial Statements, as well as the
quarterly Financial Bulletin and impak Finances unaudited interim financial statements, through
the SEDAR (System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval) platform under impak
Finances issuer profile as well as on the Corporations website.
From the time of the closing of the ICO and until the impak.eco platform and the impak Pay eWallet come on line, holders of impak Coin will be informed on a quarterly basis on the progress
made on the development of the platform, including the accomplishment of major milestones, and
in addition to getting regular news on the progress of impak Finance as a whole. Furthermore, the
impak Finance team will be available on a permanent Slack" channel where holders of impak
Coin will not only be able to get answers to their questions in real time, but also make
suggestions in a collaborative way.

6.11 Low Cost and Energy Efficient
We choose Waves blockchain-as-a-service solution to support impak Coin.
WAVES is a decentralized blockchain platform focusing on custom blockchain tokens
operations. National currencies transfer is maintained on the WAVES blockchain through
compliant gateway operators. Decentralized token exchange facilitates fundraising,
crowdfunding, and trading of financial instruments on the blockchain. Lightweight clients provide
7
an easy installation procedure and a flat learning curve for end users.
Harnessing an already well-established blockchain like Waves will bring impak Coin robustness,
security and performances. Waves currently validates a transaction block under 15 seconds and

7

Source: Waves Withepaper.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

41

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

each transaction comes with a very small fee, which allows impak Coin to handle retail
transactions. Those fees absorb the cost of maintaining the blockchain infrastructure.
Waves also uses Proof-Of-Stake consensus algorithm which is many times more energy efficient
than the Proof-Of-Work used by other well-known blockchains like Bitcoin or Ethereum and that is
known to be a major carbon energy waste.
MPK infrastructure will consist of a layer between MPK eWallets (clients) and Waves blockchain.
This layer will provide the API allowing clients to make transactions and encode those to Waves.
It will also implement all transactions rules aimed to support the impak Coin.

6.12 Compliant
Managing our own layer of software to validate transactions will allow us to implement
compliancy rules that every financial institution has to follow: anti money laundering, taxes
declarations. A KYC process will be mandatory to open an MPK eWallet, and even if transactions
will appear as anonymous on the Waves blockchain, users identity will be known by the MPK
Governance Body, which will have the responsibility to disclose unusual transactions to
authorities as well as to provide all information required by tax authorities. During the initial
deployment phase, only impak Finance will be allowed to create MPK eWallets (with respect to
the KYC process). Further in time, value aligned third parties may be entitled by the MPK
Governance Body to create MPK eWallets and maintain such processes.

6.13 The time is now
We see an increasing number of companies across a variety of industries making the first
tentative steps in blockchain adoption. They are realising that there is a pressing need to get
ahead of the curve and beat the competition. Primary interest in the sector is coming from tech
giants (Microsoft, IBM, Amazon) and major Wall Street banks (JPMorgan, Citigroup), with
companies such as Infosys, TCS and HCL reportedly working on blockchain-based products to
support the financial industry. R3 was the first blockchain company in the financial sector;
founded in 2014 it now leads a consortium of more than 70 of the worlds biggest financial
institutions and working on a variety of projects that it is rapidly patenting.
Meanwhile, the demand for blockchain technology in finance and financial services is growing on
a worldwide scale, primarily in the developing world. A multitude of economies within Latin
America, Southeast Asia and Africa have strict currency control laws and are seeing consumers
flock towards alternatives to mainstream financial institutions. People who have no bank account,
simply to use alternative financial services, are activating over 1 million smartphones a month.
In terms of entrepreneurial ventures, we have also seen a clear trend emerge in the last few
years. Broadly speaking, 2015 was the year when financial institutions and fintech startups
discovered blockchain technology. 2016 was then the year of pilots and first deployments.
Following on this trend, we project that 2017 will be the year when blockchain enterprise solutions
leave the pilot phase and proceed to commercialization and wide-scale adoption.
As we can observe, the large majority of blockchain initiatives are developed within the same
economic mind frame of profit maximisation. We believe that the intrinsic characteristics and
innovations of cryptocurrencies can be leveraged in order to have a positive social impact on our
world. This is at the center of the impak Project.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

42

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

Cryptocurrencies and blockchain are changing the world. They can also have a
positive social impact. You can either stand beside and observe  or you can
become part of history in the making.
For us, 2017 is the year to use blockchain technology to invite every Citizen in supporting
impactful enterprises of the real economy wanting to make your world a better place. We believe
that the technology is finally ready to be utilized in the real world by a large population.
Through the impak Coin launch we are paving the way for other organizations to follow suit. We
are creating a state-of-the-art model to attract citizens wanting to transform our economies
towards a more decentralized model, following the worldwide trend. The technology we are using
highlights scalability and security. We have also laid out a governance roadmap which solves
many of the grey areas previous blockchain-based investments have found challenging.
We know that the internet was somewhat of a niche novelty until the browsers, email clients,
search engines and online retailers came along. Then, suddenly, it became a household
necessity. With blockchain, it has taken years to build up the basic infrastructure rooted in
cryptocurrency. 2017 will be the year when this all finally takes off.

6.14 Subscription Procedure
Participants in this ICO will be able to purchase impak Coins (MPK) through impakcoin.com.
Participants will undergo an adapted KYC and Suitability process that reflects impak Finances
will to integrate in its impak Coin ICO the best practices in the field of capital raising. Special care
has been taken to align the subscription process to that of Exempt Market Products, while
Purchasers of MPKs will be able to do so by paying either by credit card or by using Bitcoin or
Ethereum.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

43

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

7. Risk Factors
Participation in this Crowdsale should only be made after consulting with independent and
qualified sources advice. Participation in this Crowdsale at this time is highly speculative due to
the stage of the Corporations development and requirement to raise additional financing to carry
out its long-term business plan. Participants must rely on management of the Corporation. Any
participation in this Crowdsale at this stage involves a high degree of risk.

7.1
7.1.1

Investment Risk
Pricing

The Price of the MPK will be set by the Corporation prior to the beginning of the contribution
period and may contain an increasing price mechanism. Pricing details are located on the impak
Coin Crowdsale Platform at (www.impakcoin.com)

7.1.2

The Corporation may not declare any dividends.

The Corporation has not declared or paid any dividends on its impak Coins since inception and
does not anticipate paying any such dividends on its impak Coins for the foreseeable future.
Investors seeking dividend income or liquidity should not invest in the impak Coins.

7.1.3

Prospectus exemption

The Offering is being made pursuant to exemptions from the prospectus and registration
requirements of applicable securities legislation (the Exemptions). As a consequence of
acquiring the impak Coins offered hereby pursuant to such Exemptions and the fact that no
prospectus has or is required to be filed with respect to any of the impak Coins offered hereby
under applicable securities legislation in Canada: (i) you will be restricted from using certain of
the civil remedies available under applicable securities legislation; (ii) certain protections, rights
and remedies provided in such legislation will not be available to you; (iii) you may not receive
information that might otherwise be required to be provided to you under such legislation; and (iv)
the Corporation is relieved from certain obligations that would otherwise apply under such
legislation.

7.1.4

No public market exist for the impak Coins

There is no market for resale of the impak Coins as they are not traded on any stock exchange.
Consequently, it may be difficult or even impossible for investors to sell them. In addition, the
impak Coins may not be readily acceptable as collateral for loans.
There are restrictions on resale of the impak Coins by investors. Such restrictions on resale may
never expire and investors should consult with their professional advisors in respect of resale of
the impak Coins. See Item 10 - Resale Restrictions in this regard.
The Corporation does not presently intend to qualify its securities for sale to the public by way of
prospectus.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

44

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

7.1.5

Changes in Legislation

There can be no assurance that income tax laws and laws relating to the banking industry will not
be changed in a manner which adversely affects the Corporation or distributions received by its
security holders.

7.1.6

Speculative participation

A participation in the Crowdsale is highly speculative. Purchasing the MPK currency in advance
should be considered only by participants who are able to make a long term commitment and are
aware of the risk factors involved in such an participation. You should only purchase the MPK
currency if you are able to bear the risk of the entire loss of your participation and have no need
for immediate liquidity in such purchase.

7.1.7

MPK Holders may experience more dilution.

The Corporation is authorized to issue the MPK cryptocurrency according to the terms described
in this White Paper. MPK holders may experience more dilution in the future.

7.1.8

No guaranties of liquidity for the MPK.

There is absolutely no guarantee that impak Coin holders will be able to sell Coins through the
MPK marketplace as there is a high risk of having no buyers or sellers if the impak Project is not
a commercial success. Consequently, it may be difficult or even impossible for Users to sell
impak Coins.

7.1.9

Restrictions on resale of MPK.

There are restrictions on resale of the impak Coin for participants of this Crowd sale. Such
restrictions on resale are described in Section 10 of this White Paper.

7.1.10 MPKs are not insured.
The Corporation is not a member institution of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation and
MPKs pre-sold in this crowdsale are not insured against loss.

7.1.11 Less than Full Amount pre-sold
There can be no assurance that more than the minimum amount will be pre-sold. In that case,
less than the maximum funds will be available to the Corporation and, consequently, its
technology development and business development plans and prospects could be adversely
affected.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

45

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

7.1.12 Absence of validation of the information provided to the Corporation and
reproduced in this Offering Memorandum
The information provided to the Corporation by any person and reproduced in this Offering
Memorandum about such persons or about activities of any other person than the Corporation
has not been at this stage verified by the Corporation and as such, might not be accurate in
whole or in part and no one shall rely on any of such information for the purposes of participating
in the Offering.

7.1.13 Main Principles of MPK CrowdSale
By transferring Ether (ETH) or Bitcoin (BTC) to the MPK Crowd sale platform and the MPK
Software System creating and assigning impak Coins to User, User confirms to understand and
accept that User makes a contribution into the MPK Crowd sale platform for the development of
software, in particular the impak Coin, eWallet, and impak.eco social network, and the respective
IP rights, including security audits, marketing & communication and research activities related to
the development of impak.eco and impak Coin (together IMPAK PROJECT).

7.1.14 Development on a best effort basis
User and Participant in the MPK Crowd sale further confirms to understand and accept that while
the individuals and entities assigned to this task, in particular the Corporation and its
subcontractors, will make reasonable efforts to develop and complete the impak Project, it is
possible that such development may partially or fully fail and Users impak Coins become
useless-and/or valueless due to technical, commercial, regulatory or any other reasons (see
Section 6.1. regarding risks).

7.1.15 Complete loss due to Commercial Risk
User is also aware of the risk that even if all or parts of the impak Coin are successfully
developed and released in full or in parts, due to a lack of public interest, the impak Project could
be fully or partially abandoned, remain commercially unsuccessful or be shut down for lack of
interest or other reasons. User therefore confirms to understand and accept that the transfer of
Ether (ETH) or Bitcoin (BTC) or fiat money to the MPK Crowdsale platform and the creation of
impak Coins carry significant financial and/or regulatory risks (including the complete loss of the
contributed Ether (ETH) or Bitcoin (BTC) or fiat money or the loss of any value or functionality of
allocated impak Coins .

7.1.16 Complete understanding of terms and conditions
By transferring Ether (ETH) or Bitcoin (BTC) or fiat money to the MPK Crowdsale platform User
expressly agrees to all of the terms and conditions set forth on the MPK Crowdsale platform
(together the Terms). User further confirms to have carefully reviewed this White Paper and the
terms and conditions set forth in this document and fully understands the risks and costs of
participating in contribution and contributing Ether (ETH) or Bitcoin (BTC) or fiat money to the
MPK Crowdsale platform for the development of the impak Project.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

46

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

7.1.17 Usage License. No Ownership, Revenue or Governance Rights.
Ownership of impak Coin (MPK) carries no rights express or implied other than a limited right
(license) to use the MPK Software System and digital means of exchange in the MPK Blockchain
network, if and to the extent the MPK Software System has been successfully completed and
deployed. In particular, User understands and accepts that impak Coin do not represent or
constitute any ownership right or stake, share or security or equivalent rights nor any right to
receive future revenues shares or any other form of participation or governance right in or relating
to the impak Project (i.e. the MPK Software System) and/or the Corporation.

7.2
7.2.1

Business Risk
No assurance of profitability

The Corporation operates at a loss and there is no assurance that the Corporation will ever be
profitable. No revenues have been recorded as of the date of this Offering Memorandum, as the
revenue model is contingent on the interactions generated on the impak.eco platform.

7.2.2

Financial Hardship

Most of the proceeds from an equity crowdfunding campaign the Corporation has conducted in
Q4 2016 have been utilized to start coding the impak.eco platform (including the MPK) and to
assemble the team required to achieve the Corporations business objectives. As of the date of
this offering memorandum, the Corporation would not have the financial resources to complete
the development of the impak.eco platform and the MPK without the proceeds of this ICO.

7.2.3

There is no guarantee that the Corporation will obtain status as a
Schedule I Bank under the Bank Act.

After the completion of the Crowdsale and subject to receiving sufficient funds, the Corporation
intends to apply to obtain status as a Schedule I Bank as defined under the Bank Act. There is no
guarantee as to when the Corporation will obtain status as a Schedule I Bank, or if it will ever
obtain such status. If the Corporations application is rejected, the Corporation will modify its
business plan and it could adversely affect the Corporations business and financial condition.

7.2.4

Personal data

The Corporation receives, transmits and stores a large volume of personally identifiable
information and other sensitive data from its customers and potential customers, including each
participants public and private key. There are federal, provincial and foreign laws regarding
privacy and the storing, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personally identifiable
information and sensitive data. Specifically, personally identifiable information is increasingly
subject to legislation and regulations to protect the privacy of personal information that is
collected, processed and transmitted. Any violations of these laws and regulations may require
the Corporation to change its business practices or operational structure, address legal claims
and sustain monetary penalties and/or other harms to its business.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

47

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

The regulatory framework for privacy issues in Canada is constantly evolving and is likely to
remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. The interpretation and application of such laws is
often uncertain, and such laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with the
Corporations current policies and practices or require changes to the features of its platform. If
either the Corporation or its third-party service providers are unable to address any privacy
concerns, even if unfounded, or to comply with applicable laws and regulations, it could result in
additional costs and liability, damage its reputation and harm its business.

7.2.5

Additional capital may be required

The Corporation intends to continue to make investments to support the growth of its business.
As such, it may require additional capital to pursue its business objectives and respond to
business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances, including increasing its
marketing expenditures to improve its brand awareness, developing new products or services or
further improving existing products or services, enhancing its operating infrastructure and
acquiring complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, it may need to engage in
equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. However, additional funds may not be
available when the Corporation needs them, on terms that are acceptable to the Corporation, or
at all. In addition, the Corporations agreements with other lenders may make it more difficult for it
to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities.
If the Corporation raises additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt
securities, its existing shareholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities
the Corporation issues could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders
of its common stock. If the Corporation is unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on
terms satisfactory to the Corporation, when it requires, its ability to continue to pursue its
business objectives and to respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen
circumstances could be significantly limited, and its business, operating results, financial
conditions and prospects could be adversely affected.

7.2.6

Risks Inherent to the WAVES Platform

Waves is a public blockchain and therefore its content is accessible to any of its participating
peers. Anyone can join Waves by creating a node and have access to all its content. The
Corporation will only store encrypted content on the Waves platform, but cannot guarantee that
the Waves platform will not be hacked and data compromised.

7.2.7

Security breaches of customers confidential information

The Corporation stores customers personal and banking information and other sensitive data,
including each participants public and private key. Any accidental or wilful security breaches or
other unauthorized access could cause the theft and criminal use of this data. Security breaches
or unauthorized access to confidential information could also expose the Corporation to liability
related to the loss of the information, time-consuming and expensive litigation and negative
publicity. If security measures are breached because of third-party action, employee error,
malfeasance or otherwise, or if design flaws in the Corporations software are exposed and
exploited, and, as a result, a third party obtains unauthorized access to any of its customers
data, the Corporations relationships with its customers will be severely damaged, and the
Corporation could incur significant liability.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

48

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change
frequently and generally are not recognized until they are launched against a target, the
Corporation and third-party hosting facilities may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to
implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, certain provinces have enacted laws
requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving their personal data.
These mandatory disclosures regarding a security breach are costly to implement and often lead
to widespread negative publicity, which may cause the Corporations customers to lose
confidence in the effectiveness of its data security measures. Any security breach, whether actual
or perceived, would harm its reputation and the Corporation may lose customers.

7.2.8

If products and platform enhancements do not achieve sufficient market
acceptance

The Corporation incurs expenses and expends resources upfront to develop, acquire and market
new products and platform enhancements to incorporate additional features, improve functionality
or otherwise make its platform more desirable to its customers.

7.2.9

It may be difficult and costly to protect the intellectual property rights, and
the Corporation may not be able to ensure their protection.

The Corporations ability to service its customers depends, in part, upon its intellectual property. It
primarily relies on copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, trade secret protection and
confidentiality or license agreements with its employees, customers and others to protect its
intellectual property rights. However, the steps it takes to protect its intellectual property rights
may be inadequate. The Corporation currently does not have any issued patents.
In order to protect its intellectual property rights, the Corporation may be required to spend
significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce
its intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and
could result in the impairment or loss of portions of its intellectual property. Furthermore, its
efforts to enforce its intellectual property rights may be met with defences, counterclaims and
countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of its intellectual property rights. The
Corporations failure to secure, protect and enforce its intellectual property rights could seriously
harm its brand and adversely affect its business.

7.2.10 The Corporations success and future growth depend in part on its
successful marketing efforts and increased brand awareness.
The Corporation believes that an important component of its growth will be continued market
penetration through its direct marketing channel. To achieve this growth, the Corporation
anticipates relying heavily on marketing and advertising to increase the visibility of the impak
brand with potential customers. The goal of this marketing and advertising is to increase the
strength, recognition and trust in the impak brand, drive more unique visitors to submit
applications on its mobile platform, and ultimately increase the number of customers banking with
the Corporation or the number of loans made to its customers.
If the Corporation is unable to recover its marketing costs through an increase in the number of
saving accounts opened and in the number of loans made, or if it discontinues its broad
marketing campaigns, it could have a material adverse effect on its growth, results of operations
and financial condition.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

49

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

7.2.11 The Corporation relies on its management team and need additional key
personnel to grow its business, and the loss of key employees or inability
to hire key personnel could harm its business.
The Corporation believes its success has depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and
talents of its executives and employees, including Paul Allard, Tima Gros, Philippe Gablain,
Pierre-tienne Vachon, Franois Le Bel, Stphane Dumont, Armen Ouzounian and Jean Oulhen.
Its future success depends on its continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly
qualified and skilled employees. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and the Corporation
may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. In addition, the loss of any of its senior
management or key employees could materially adversely affect its ability to execute its business
plan and strategy, and it may not be able to find adequate replacements on a timely basis, or at
all.

7.2.12 Litigation may adversely affect the Corporations business and financial
condition.
The Corporations business is subject to the risk of litigation by employees, customers,
consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies, or others through private
actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. The
outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits, regulatory actions and intellectual property
claims, is difficult to assess or quantity. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of
very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to these
lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition, certain of these
lawsuits, if decided adversely to the Corporation or settled by the Corporation, may result in
liability material to its financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect its operating
results if changes to its business operations are required. The cost to defend future litigation may
be significant. There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could negatively
affect customer perception of its business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or
whether the Corporation are ultimately found liable. As a result, litigation may adversely affect its
business and financial condition.

7.3

Industry Risk

7.3.1

Limited operating history in an evolving industry

The Corporation has no operating history in an evolving industry that may not develop as
expected. Assessing its business and future prospects is challenging in light of the risks and
difficulties it may encounter. These risks and difficulties include its ability to:


navigate complex and evolving regulatory and competitive environments;



increase the number of customers;



successfully maintain and evolve our internal controls to manage compliance with an
evolving and complex regulatory environment;



improve the terms on which the Corporation lends to its customers as its business
becomes more efficient;



increase the effectiveness of its direct marketing and ability to identify the trends
relevant to its targeted demographics;

 impak Finance inc. 2017

50

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017



successfully develop and deploy new products;



successfully maintain its funding strategy;



favorably compete with other companies that are currently in, or may in the future enter,
the business of financial services to its targeted demographics;



successfully navigate economic conditions and fluctuations in the financial services
market;



effectively manage the growth of its business;



successfully expand its business;



continue to revise its platforms proprietary credit model;



continue to develop, maintain and scale its platform;



effectively use limited personnel and technology resources;



effectively maintain and scale its financial and risk management controls and
procedures;



maintain the security of its platform and the confidentiality of the information provided
and utilized across its platform; and



attract, integrate and retain an appropriate number of qualified employees.

7.3.2

The financial services industry is highly regulated

The Corporations business is subject to numerous federal, provincial and other local laws,
ordinances and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates, which are subject to
change and which may impose significant costs or limitations on the way the Corporation
conducts or expands its business. These regulations govern, or affect, among other things:


lending and collection practices, such as truth in lending and short-term and instalment
lending and continuous payment authority;



interest rates and usury;



loan amount and fee limitations;



licensing and posting of fees; and



privacy of personal consumer information.

As the Corporation develops and introduces new products and services, it may become subject
to additional laws and regulations. Future legislation or regulations may restrict the Corporations
ability to continue its current methods of operation or expand its operations and may have a
negative effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, future
legislation or regulations, or amendments to existing regulatory regime, could require the
Corporation to modify its platform and processes, which may cause the Corporation to incur
additional costs.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

51

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

7.3.3

Changes in Legislation

There can be no assurance that income tax laws and laws relating to the industry in which the
Corporation operates will not be changed in a manner which adversely affects the Corporation
business plan.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

52

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

8. Tax Matters
8.1

Income Tax Consequences and RRSP Eligibility

You should consult your own professional advisors to obtain advice on the income tax
consequences that apply to you.

8.2

Changes in Legislation

impak Coin usage is subject to changes in Canadian federal and provincial tax laws, tax
proposals, other governmental policies or regulations and governmental, administrative or judicial
interpretation of the same. There can be no assurance that tax laws, tax proposals, policies or
regulations, or the interpretation thereof, will not be changed in a manner which will
fundamentally alter the tax consequences to impak Coin holders acquiring, holding or disposing
of MPKs.
For all of the aforesaid reasons and others set forth and not set forth herein, impak Coin involves
a certain degree of risk. Any person considering the purchase of MPKs should be aware of these
and other factors set forth in this White Paper and should consult with his/her legal, tax and
financial advisors prior to making an investment in MPKs. MPKs should only be purchased by
persons who can afford to lose all of their total investment.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

53

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

9. Reporting Obligations
9.1

Documents Provided to Shareholders Annually

The Corporation is not required to send you any documents on an annual or ongoing
basis. The Corporation is not a reporting issuer as such term is defined in applicable securities
legislation and accordingly is not subject to most of the continuous disclosure reporting
obligations imposed on reporting issuers by securities legislation in Quebec. In accordance with
requirements of the Canada Business Corporations Act, the Corporation is required to place
audited financial statements before its shareholders at each annual general meeting and to
deposit copies for inspection in its corporate records maintained at its records office which are
available for inspection by any shareholders during normal business hours.

9.2

Sources of Information about the Corporation

Information about the Corporations incorporation, amendments to its documents, Directors,
officers, annual corporate filings and other corporate information can be obtained from the
Quebec Registrar of Companies, 2050, rue De Bleury, RC 10 (Station Place-des-Arts), Montreal,
Quebec.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

54

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

10. Resale Restrictions
10.1 General Statements
impak Finance will ensure that, at all times, MPK are only held by Participants.
Impak Finance will not permit any trades of MPK between Participants that are individuals and/or
capital partners.
All MPK transactions will be recorded on the Waves blockchain and the Filer will know the identity
at all times of a holder of any given MPK and ensure that such holder fits within one or more of
the foregoing categories of Participants.
MPK are not currently listed for trading on any stock exchange, organized market or
cryptocurrency exchange and there is no intention to have MPK so listed in Canada or
elsewhere.

10.2 Exemptions
impak Finance has obtained on 15 AUG 2017 regulatory relief from certain obligations madated
by securities law (decision no. 2017-FS-0091)
Subject to certain conditions, this decision grants exemptions from the dealer registration
requirement and from the prospectus requirement on the first trade of MPK so that such
requirement does not apply to a trade between a Participant and a Merchant.
Please refer to the decision for more details.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

55

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

11. Purchasers Rights
If you purchase these securities, you will have certain rights, some of which are described below.
For information about your rights, you should consult a lawyer.
The following is a summary of the statutory or contractual rights of action for damages or
rescission which may be available to a purchaser of impak Coins. The applicable securities laws
in certain jurisdictions provides purchasers, or requires purchasers be provided, with remedies for
rescission or damages, or both, if this Offering Memorandum or any amendment to it or any
information or documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated herein by reference
contains a misrepresentation. However, these remedies must be exercised within the time limits
prescribed. Purchasers should refer to the applicable legislative provisions for the complete text
of these rights and/or consult with a legal advisor. The rights of action described herein are in
addition to and without derogation from any other right or remedy that a purchaser may have at
law.
Any Offering Memorandum marketing materials related to the Offering and which are delivered or
made reasonably available to a purchaser before the closing of that purchasers subscription for
impak Coins are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Offering Memorandum.
As used herein, except where otherwise specifically defined, misrepresentation means an
untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact that is required to be
stated or that is necessary to make any statement in this Offering Memorandum or any
amendment hereto or any information or documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
herein by reference not misleading in light of the circumstances in which it was made. A material
fact means a fact that significantly affects or would reasonably be expected to have a significant
effect on the market price or value of the impak Coins.
The following summaries are subject to any express provisions of the securities
legislation of each selling jurisdiction and the regulations, rules and policy statements
thereunder and reference is made thereto for the complete text of such provisions.

11.1 Two Day Cancellation Right
You can cancel your agreement to purchase these securities. To do so, you must send a notice
to the Corporation by midnight on the second business day after confirmation of payment for your
purchase of impak Coin (MPKs).

11.2 British Columbia
If you are a resident of British Columbia, and if there is a misrepresentation in this Offering
Memorandum, you have a statutory right to sue (a) the Corporation to cancel your agreement to
buy the impak Coins, or (b) for damages against the Corporation, every person who was a
director of the Corporation at the date of this Offering Memorandum and every other person who
signed this Offering Memorandum.
This statutory right to sue is available to you whether or not you relied on the misrepresentation.
However, there are various defences available to the persons or companies that you have a right
to sue. In particular, they have a defence if you knew of the misrepresentation when you

 impak Finance inc. 2017

56

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

purchased the securities. Additionally, if you elect to exercise a right of rescission against the
Corporation, you will have no right of action against the persons described in (b) above.
If you intend to rely on the rights described in (a) or (b) above, you must do so within strict time
limitations. You must commence your action to cancel the agreement within 180 days after the
date that you purchased the securities. You must commence your action for damages within the
earlier of 180 days after you first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of action and
three years after the day you purchased the securities.

11.3 Alberta
If you are a resident of Alberta, and if there is a misrepresentation in this Offering Memorandum,
you have a statutory right to sue (a) the Corporation to cancel your agreement to buy the impak
Coins, or (b) for damages against the Corporation, every person who was a director of the
Corporation at the date of this Offering Memorandum and every other person who signed this
Offering Memorandum.
This statutory right to sue is available to you whether or not you relied on the misrepresentation.
However, there are various defences available to the persons or companies that you have a right
to sue. In particular, they have a defence if you knew of the misrepresentation when you
purchased the securities. Additionally, if you elect to exercise a right of rescission against the
Corporation, you will have no right of action against the persons described in (b) above.
If you intend to rely on the rights described in (a) or (b) above, you must do so within strict time
limitations. You must commence your action to cancel the agreement within 180 days after the
date that you purchased the securities. You must commence your action for damages within the
earlier of 180 days after you first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of action and
three years after the day you purchased the securities.

11.4 Ontario
In accordance with Section 130.1 of the Securities Act (Ontario) (the Ontario Act), in the event
that this Offering Memorandum or any amendment thereto contains a misrepresentation (as
defined in the Ontario Act), the purchaser who purchases the impak Coins offered by this Offering
Memorandum during the period of distribution has, without regard to whether the purchaser relied
upon the misrepresentation, a right of action against the Corporation for damages, or, while the
purchaser is still the owner of the impak Coins purchased by that purchaser, for rescission, in
which case, if the purchaser elects to exercise the right of rescission, the purchaser will have no
right of action for damages against the Corporation, provided that (a) the Corporation will not be
liable if it proves that the purchaser purchased the impak Coins with knowledge of the
misrepresentation; (b) in the case of an action for damages, the Corporation will not be liable for
all or any portion of the damages that it proves do not represent the depreciation in value of the
impak Coins as a result of the misrepresentation relied upon; and (c) in no case will the amount
recoverable in any action exceed the price at which the impak Coins were sold to the purchaser.
The foregoing rights provided in accordance with Section 130.1 of the Ontario Act do not apply to
the following Subscribers relying upon the accredited investor exemption in Ontario:
(a)

a Canadian financial institution, meaning either:

 impak Finance inc. 2017

57

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

(i)

an association governed by the Cooperative Credit Associations Act
(Canada) or a central cooperative credit society for which an order has
been made under section 473(1) of that Act; or

(ii)

a bank, loan corporation, trust company, trust corporation, insurance
company, treasury branch, credit union, caisse populaire, financial
services corporation, or league that, in each case, is authorized by an
enactment of Canada or a jurisdiction of Canada to carry on business in
Canada or a jurisdiction in Canada;

(b)

a Schedule III bank, meaning an authorized foreign bank named in Schedule III
of the Bank Act (Canada),

(c)

The Business Development Bank of Canada incorporated under the Business
Development Bank of Canada Act (Canada), or

(d)

a subsidiary of any person referred to in paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) if the person
owns all of the voting securities of the subsidiary, except the voting securities
required by law to be owned by the directors of the subsidiary.

No action will be commenced to enforce these statutory rights more than (a) in an action for
rescission, 180 days from the date of the transaction that gave rise to the cause of action; or (b)
in an action for damages, the earlier of (i) 180 days after the plaintiff first had knowledge of the
facts giving rise to the cause of action; or (ii) three years after the date of the transaction that
gave rise to the cause of action.
The rights of action described above are in addition to and without derogation from any other right
or remedy that the purchaser may have at law.

11.5 Quebec
If this Offering Memorandum, together with any amendment to it, is delivered to a Subscriber
resident in Quebec and contains a misrepresentation that was a misrepresentation at the time of
purchase, the Subscriber will be deemed to have relied upon the misrepresentation and will have
a statutory right of action against the Corporation, the officers and directors of the Corporation or
any dealer under contract with the Corporation for damages or for rescission or revision of the
purchase price.
This right of action is subject to the following limitations:
(a) the right of action for rescission or revision of the price must be exercised within three
years of the date of the transaction that gave rise to the cause of action; or, in the case of
any action other than an action for rescission or revision of the purchase price, the earlier
of: (i) three years after the plaintiff first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause
of action unless the delay in knowledge is caused by the negligence of the plaintiff, or (ii)
five years after the Offering Memorandum is filed with the Autorit des marchs
financiers;
(b) no person or company will be liable if it proves that the Subscriber acquired the impak
Coins with knowledge of the misrepresentation;

 impak Finance inc. 2017

58

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

(c) in the case of an action for damages, the officers or directors of the issuer or the dealer
under contract with the issuer will not be liable if they acted with prudence and diligence;
and
(d) a defendant may defeat an action based on a misrepresentation in forward-looking
information by proving that
i.

ii.

the document containing the forward-looking information contained, proximate to
that information,
A.

reasonable cautionary language indentifying the forward-looking
information as such, and identifying material factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from a conclusion,
forecast or projection in the forward-looking information; and

B.

a statement of the material factors or assumptions that were
applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or
projection; and

the defendant had a reasonable basis for drawing the conclusions or making the
forecasts or projections set out in the forward-looking information.

11.6 Saskatchewan
Section 138 of The Securities Act, 1988 (Saskatchewan), as amended (the Saskatchewan
Act) provides that where an offering memorandum (such as this Offering Memorandum) or any
amendment to it is sent or delivered to a purchaser and it contains a misrepresentation (as
defined in the Saskatchewan Act), a purchaser who purchases a security covered by the offering
memorandum or any amendment to it is deemed to have relied upon that misrepresentation, if it
was a misrepresentation at the time of purchase, and has a right of action for rescission against
the issuer or a selling security holder on whose behalf the distribution is made or has a right of
action for damages against:
(a) the issuer or a selling security holder on whose behalf the distribution is made;
(b) every promoter and director of the issuer or the selling security holder, as the case may
be, at the time the offering memorandum or any amendment to it was sent or delivered;
(c) every person or company whose consent has been filed respecting the offering, but only
with respect to reports, opinions or statements that have been made by them;
(d) every person who or company that, in addition to the persons or companies mentioned in
(a) to (c) above, signed the offering memorandum or the amendment to the offering
memorandum; and
(e) every person who or company that sells securities on behalf of the issuer or selling
security holder under the offering memorandum or amendment to the offering
memorandum.
Such rights of rescission and damages are subject to certain limitations including the following:
(a) if the purchaser elects to exercise its right of rescission against the issuer or selling
security holder, it shall have no right of action for damages against that party;

 impak Finance inc. 2017

59

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

(b) in an action for damages, a defendant will not be liable for all or any portion of the
damages that he, she or it proves do not represent the depreciation in value of the
securities resulting from the misrepresentation relied on;
(c) no person or company, other than the issuer or a selling security holder, will be liable for
any part of the offering memorandum or any amendment to it not purporting to be made
on the authority of an expert and not purporting to be a copy of, or an extract from, a
report, opinion or statement of an expert, unless the person or company failed to conduct
a reasonable investigation sufficient to provide reasonable grounds for a belief that there
had been no misrepresentation or believed that there had been a misrepresentation;
(d) in no case shall the amount recoverable exceed the price at which the securities were
offered; and
(e) no person or company is liable in an action for rescission or damages if that person or
company proves that the purchaser purchased the securities with knowledge of the
misrepresentation.
In addition, no person or company, other than the issuer or selling security holder, will be liable if
the person or company proves that:
(a) the offering memorandum or any amendment to it was sent or delivered without the
persons or companys knowledge or consent and that, on becoming aware of it being
sent or delivered, that person or company gave reasonable general notice that it was so
sent or delivered; or
(b) with respect to any part of the offering memorandum or any amendment to it purporting to
be made on the authority of an expert, or purporting to be a copy of, or an extract from, a
report, an opinion or a statement of an expert, that person or company had no
reasonable grounds to believe and did not believe that there had been a
misrepresentation, the part of the offering memorandum or any amendment to it did not
fairly represent the report, opinion or statement of the expert, or was not a fair copy of, or
an extract from, the report, opinion or statement of the expert.
Not all defences upon which the Corporation or others may rely are described herein. Please
refer to the full text of the Saskatchewan Act for a complete listing.
Similar rights of action for damages and rescission are provided in section 138.1 of the
Saskatchewan Act in respect of a misrepresentation in advertising and sales literature
disseminated in connection with an offering of securities.
Section 138.2 of the Saskatchewan Act also provides that where an individual makes a verbal
statement to a prospective purchaser that contains a misrepresentation relating to the security
purchased and the verbal statement is made either before or contemporaneously with the
purchase of the security, the purchaser is deemed to have relied on the misrepresentation, if it
was a misrepresentation at the time of purchase, and has a right of action for damages against
the individual who made the verbal statement.
Section 141(1) of the Saskatchewan Act provides a purchaser with the right to void the purchase
agreement and to recover all money and other consideration paid by the purchaser for the
securities if the securities are sold in contravention of the Saskatchewan Act, the regulations to
the Saskatchewan Act or a decision of the Saskatchewan Financial Services Commission.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

60

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

Section 141(2) of the Saskatchewan Act also provides a right of action for rescission or damages
to a purchaser of securities to whom an offering memorandum or any amendment to it was not
sent or delivered prior to or at the same time as the purchaser enters into an agreement to
purchase the securities, as required by Section 80.1 of the Saskatchewan Act.
The rights of action for damages or rescission under the Saskatchewan Act are in addition to and
do not derogate from any other right which a purchaser may have at law.
Section 147 of the Saskatchewan Act provides that no action shall be commenced to enforce any
of the foregoing rights more than:
(a) in the case of an action for rescission, 180 days after the date of the transaction that
gave rise to the cause of action; or
(b) in the case of any other action, other than an action for rescission, the earlier of:
i.

one year after the plaintiff first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause
of action; or

ii.

six years after the date of the transaction that gave rise to the cause of action.

The Saskatchewan Act also provides a purchaser who has received an amended offering
memorandum delivered in accordance with subsection 80.1(3) of the Saskatchewan Act has a
right to withdraw from the agreement to purchase the securities by delivering a notice to the
person who or company that is selling the securities, indicating the purchasers intention not to be
bound by the purchase agreement, provided such notice is delivered by the purchaser within two
business days of receiving the amended offering memorandum.

11.7 Manitoba
Section 141.1 of The Securities Act (Manitoba), as amended (the Manitoba Act) provides that
where an offering memorandum (such as this Offering Memorandum) or any amendment to it
contains a misrepresentation, a purchaser who purchases a security offered by the offering
memorandum is deemed to have relied on the representation if it was a misrepresentation at the
time of purchase and has a right of rescission against the issuer or has a right of action for
damages against (i) the issuer, (ii) every director of the issuer at the date of the offering
memorandum, and (iii) every person or company who signed the offering memorandum.
Such rights of rescission and damages are subject to certain limitations including the following:
(a) if the purchaser chooses to exercise a right of rescission against the issuer, the
purchaser shall have no right of action for damages against the parties listed under (i), (ii)
and (iii);
(b) in an action for damages, a defendant will not be liable for all or any part of the damages
that he or she proves do not represent the depreciation in value of the security as a result
of the misrepresentation;
(c) in no case shall the amount recoverable exceed the price at which the securities were
offered under the offering memorandum; and
(d) no person or company is liable in an action for rescission or damages if that person or
company proves that the purchaser had knowledge of the misrepresentation.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

61

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

In addition, no person or company, other than the issuer, will be liable if the person or company
proves that:
(a) the offering memorandum was sent to the purchaser without the persons or companys
knowledge or consent, and that, after becoming aware that it was sent, the person or
company promptly gave reasonable notice to the issuer that it was sent without the
persons or companys knowledge and consent;
(b) with respect to any part of the offering memorandum purporting to be made on the
authority of an expert or to be a copy of, or an extract from, an experts report, opinion or
statement, the person or company proves that the person or company did not have any
reasonable grounds to believe and did not believe that (i) there had been a
misrepresentation, or (ii) the relevant part of the offering memorandum (A) did not fairly
represent the experts report, opinion or statement, or (B) was not a fair copy of, or an
extract from, the experts report, opinion or statement; or
(c) with respect to any part of the offering memorandum not purporting to be made on an
experts authority and not purporting to be a copy of, or an extract from, an experts
report, opinion or statement, unless the person or company (i) did not conduct an
investigation sufficient to provide reasonable grounds for a belief that there had been no
misrepresentation, or (ii) believed there had been a misrepresentation.
Not all defences upon which the Corporation or others may rely are described herein. Please
refer to the full text of the Manitoba Act for a complete listing.
Section 141.2 of the Manitoba Act provides that a purchaser of a security to whom an offering
memorandum was required to be sent in compliance with Manitoba securities legislation, but was
not sent within the prescribed time has a right of action for rescission or damages against the
dealer, offeror or issuer who did not comply with the requirement.
Section 141.3 of the Manitoba Act also provides that a purchaser of a security to whom an
offering memorandum is required to be sent may rescind the contract to purchase the security by
sending a written notice of rescission to the issuer not later than midnight on the second day,
excluding Saturdays and holidays, after the purchaser signs the agreement to purchase the
securities.
Section 141.4 of the Manitoba Act provides that no action may be commenced to enforce any of
the foregoing rights:
(a) in the case of an action for rescission, more than 180 days after the day of the
transaction that gave rise to the cause of action; or
(b) in the case of any other action, other than an action for rescission, the earlier of:
i.

180 days after the day that the plaintiff first had knowledge of the facts giving rise
to the cause of action, or

ii.

two years after the day of the transaction that gave rise to the cause of action.

11.8 Nova Scotia
The right of action for damages or rescission described herein is conferred by section 138 of the
Securities Act (Nova Scotia). Section 138 of the Securities Act (Nova Scotia) provides, in relevant

 impak Finance inc. 2017

62

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

part, that in the event that an offering memorandum (such as this Offering Memorandum),
together with any amendment thereto, or any advertising or sales literature (as defined in the
Securities Act (Nova Scotia)) contains a Misrepresentation, the purchaser will be deemed to have
relied upon such Misrepresentation if it was a Misrepresentation at the time of purchase and has,
subject to certain limitations and defences, a statutory right of action for damages against the
issuer and, subject to certain additional defences, every director of the issuer at the date of the
offering memorandum and every person who signed the offering memorandum or, alternatively,
while still the owner of the securities purchased by the purchaser, may elect instead to exercise a
statutory right of rescission against the issuer, in which case the purchaser shall have no right of
action for damages against the issuer, directors of the issuer or persons who have signed the
offering memorandum, provided that, among other limitations:
(a) no action shall be commenced to enforce the right of action for rescission or damages by
a purchaser resident in Nova Scotia later than 120 days after the date on which the initial
payment was made for the securities;
(b) no person will be liable if it proves that the purchaser purchased the securities with
knowledge of the Misrepresentation;
(c) in the case of an action for damages, no person will be liable for all or any portion of the
damages that it proves do not represent the depreciation in value of the securities as a
result of the Misrepresentation relied upon; and
(d) in no case will the amount recoverable in any action exceed the price at which the
securities were offered to the purchaser.
In addition, a person or company, other than the issuer, will not be liable if that person or
company proves that:
(a) the offering memorandum or amendment to the offering memorandum was sent or
delivered to the purchaser without the persons or companys knowledge or consent and
that, on becoming aware of its delivery, the person or company gave reasonable general
notice that it was delivered without the persons or companys knowledge or consent;
(b) after delivery of the offering memorandum or amendment to the offering memorandum
and before the purchase of the securities by the purchaser, on becoming aware of any
Misrepresentation in the offering memorandum or amendment to the offering
memorandum the person or company withdrew the persons or companys consent to the
offering memorandum or amendment to the offering memorandum, and gave reasonable
general notice of the withdrawal and the reason for it; or
(c) with respect to any part of the offering memorandum or amendment to the offering
memorandum purporting (i) to be made on the authority of an expert, or (ii) to be a copy
of, or an extract from, a report, an opinion or a statement of an expert, the person or
company had no reasonable grounds to believe and did not believe that (A) there had
been a Misrepresentation, or (B) the relevant part of the offering memorandum or
amendment to offering memorandum did not fairly represent the report, opinion or
statement of the expert, or was not a fair copy of, or an extract from, the report, opinion
or statement of the expert.
Furthermore, no person or company, other than the issuer, will be liable with respect to any part
of the offering memorandum or amendment to the offering memorandum not purporting (a) to be
made on the authority of an expert or (b) to be a copy of, or an extract from, a report, opinion or
statement of an expert, unless the person or company (i) failed to conduct a reasonable

 impak Finance inc. 2017

63

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

investigation to provide reasonable grounds for a belief that there had been no Misrepresentation
or (ii) believed that there had been a Misrepresentation.
If a Misrepresentation is contained in a record incorporated by reference into, or deemed
incorporated by reference into, the offering memorandum or amendment to the offering
memorandum, the Misrepresentation is deemed to be contained in the offering memorandum or
an amendment to the offering memorandum.

11.9 New Brunswick
Section 150 of the Securities Act (New Brunswick) provides that where an offering memorandum
(such as this Offering Memorandum) contains a Misrepresentation, a purchaser who purchases
securities shall be deemed to have relied on the Misrepresentation if it was a Misrepresentation
at the time of purchase and:
(a) the purchaser has a right of action for damages against the issuer and any selling
security holder(s) on whose behalf the distribution is made, or
(b) where the purchaser purchased the securities from a person referred to in paragraph (a),
the purchaser may elect to exercise a right of rescission against the person, in which
case the purchaser shall have no right of action for damages against the person.
(c) This statutory right of action is available to New Brunswick purchasers whether or not
such purchaser relied on the Misrepresentation. However, there are various defences
available to the issuer and the selling security holder(s). In particular, no person will be
liable for a Misrepresentation if such person proves that the purchaser purchased the
securities with knowledge of the Misrepresentation when the purchaser purchased the
securities. Moreover, in an action for damages, the amount recoverable will not exceed
the price at which the securities were offered under the offering memorandum and any
defendant will not be liable for all or any part of the damages that the defendant proves
do not represent the depreciation in value of the security as a result of the
misrepresentation.
If the purchaser intends to rely on the rights described in (a) or (b) above, such purchaser must
do so within strict time limitations. The purchaser must commence an action to cancel the
agreement within 180 days after the date of the transaction that gave rise to the cause of action.
The purchaser must commence its action for damages within the earlier of:
(a) one year after the purchaser first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of
action; or
(b) six years after the date of the transaction that gave rise to the cause of action.

 impak Finance inc. 2017

64

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

12. Financial Statements
th

Audited financial statements of the Corporation for the financial year ending April 30 , 2017 are
shown in Exhibit 1 and will be available to all Purchasers on SEDAR ( System for Electronic
Document Analysis and Retrieval).

 impak Finance inc. 2017

65

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

13. Date and Certificate
th

DATED this 28 day of June, 2017.

This Offering Memorandum does not contain a misrepresentation.

Paul Allard

Tima Gros

PAUL ALLARD, PRESIDENT & DIRECTOR

TIMA GROS, SECRETARY

ON BEHALF OF THE DIRECTORS

Paul Allard

Tima Gros

PAUL ALLARD

TIMA GROS

 impak Finance inc. 2017

66

Offering Memorandum - 15 AUG 2017

EXHIBIT I
Financial Statements

 impak Finance inc. 2017

67

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2017
(Expressed in Canadian dollars)

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Independent Auditors Report
Financial statements
Consolidated statement of financial position
Consolidated statement of loss and comprehensive loss
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Consolidated statement of cash flows
Notes to consolidated financial statements

PAGE

2-3
4
5
6
7
8-16

!

Independent Auditor's Report

To the Shareholders of
Impak Finance Inc.

&(1,.-*!"+().0!#/(-0!'+./-0.-!$$%!
;QGPC!'%%%!
8?PGLK?I!0?KH!<LRCN!
+%%!1C!6?!3?QAFCPGWNC!;PNCCP!=COP!
7LKPNX?I"!9QC@CA!!4(0!)6-!
!
<CICMFLKC/!*&)#-,-#'+.&!
2?S/!*&)#-,-#'&',!
RRR$NAEP$ALJ!

!

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of
Impak Finance Inc. which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
position as at April 30, 2017 and the consolidated statement of comprehensive
loss, changes in equity and cash flows for the initial year then ended, and a
summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Management's responsibility for the consolidated financial statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these
consolidated financial statements in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS) and for such internal control as management
determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error.
Auditor's responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audit. We concluded on our audit in accordance with
Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that
we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the
amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The
procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment
of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor
considers internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation

7CJ@CN!LD!3N?KP!<FLNKPLK!5KPCNK?PGLK?I!6PB!

3

of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control. An audit also
includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the
reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained in our audit is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Impak Finance Inc. as at April 30, 2017 and
its financial performance and its cash flows for the initial year then ended, in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

Montreal
July 20, 2017

1

CPA auditor, CA public accountancy permit no. A125741

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

4

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AS AT APRIL 30, 2017
(in Canadian dollars)
2017
$
ASSETS
CURRENT
Cash
Sales tax recoverable
Prepaid expenses
Current assets

321,254
64,886
30,973
417,113

NON-CURRENT
Property and equipment and non-current assets (Note 5)
Total assets

24,594
441,707

LIABILITIES
CURRENT
Trade and other payables and current liabilities (Note 6)
Total liabilities

102,802
102,802

EQUITY
Share capital (Note 7)
Deficit
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity

1,327,794
(988,889)
338,905
441,707

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD

(s) Paul Allard
Director

(s) Tima Gros
Director

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

5

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF LOSS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2017
(in Canadian dollars, except number of shares)

REVENUE
OPERATING EXPENSES
Research and development
Sales and marketing
Funding
Funds
General and administrative
Financial
Total operating expenses
Loss before income taxes
Income taxes (Note 9)
Loss and comprehensive loss

NET LOSS PER SHARE:
Basic and diluted loss per share
Weighted average number of outstanding common shares
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

2017
$
233,482
378,225
146,171
38,393
191,384
1,234
988,889
(988,889)
(988,889)

(0.14)
7,224,136

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

6

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2017
(in Canadian dollars, except number of shares)

Share capital

Common shares

Dficit

Total

(number of shares)
$

$

$

-

-

-

-

6,400,000

64

-

64

Private placement (at $0.30)

559,522

152,857

-

152,857

Private placement (at $0.60)

722,050

433,230

-

433,230

Private placement (at $0.87 to 1.00)

898,894

826,818

-

826,818

(85,175)

-

(85,175)

Beginning balance
Issuance of shares

Share issue costs

-

Loss and comprehensive loss

-

-

(988,889)

(988,889)

Balance as at April 30, 2017

8,580,466

1,327,794

(988,889)

338,905

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

7

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2017
(in Canadian dollars)
2017
$
OPERATING ACTIVITES
Loss before income taxes
Items not affecting cash:
Depreciation of property and equipment
Net changes in working capital items (Note 8)

INVESTING ACTIVITY
Additions to property and equipment

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Issuance of shares
Share issue costs

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH  END OF PERIOD
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

(988,889)
1,774
(987,115)
6,943
(980,172)

(26,368)
(26,368)

1,412,969
(85,175)
1,327,794
321,254

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

8

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2017
(In Canadian Dollars)

1. INCORPORATION AND BUSINESS ACTIVITIES
Impak Finance Inc. (Impak Finance or Company) was incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations
Act on May 5, 2016. Impak Finance is an independent financial institution founded by entrepreneurs and banking
professionals wanting to positively contribute and address some of the greatest social and environmental issues
of our time. The Companys mission is to make money work for positive social, innovative and environmental
impact through an online collaborative financial ecosystem powered by disruptive financial technologies developed
by the Company and third-party vendors. Impak Finance connects savers and investors who want to change the
world for the better with entrepreneurs and sustainable companies having the same objectives. The head and
principal office of the Company is located at 2700  1000 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, Quebec, Canada
H3A 3G4. The Company incorporated its subsidiary Impak Capital Finance Inc. on March 31, 2017. The
Companys financial year-end is April 30 .
th

Going concern
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared using International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS) applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities
in the normal course of operations as they come due. In assessing whether the going concern assumption is
appropriate, management takes into account all available information about the future, which is at least, but not
limited to, twelve months from the end of the reporting period.
At April 30, 2017, management of the Company believes that it has sufficient working capital to meet its current
liabilities, and that the Company will have sufficient cash flow through its operation or issuance of equity to pay
for its ongoing expenses for at least the next 12 months. The Company will need to raise funds in the future through
the issuance of equity instruments or other arrangement to meet future work requirements. While management has
been successful in securing financing in the past, there can be no assurance that it will be able to do so in the future
or that sources of funding or initiatives will be available to the Company or that they will be available when such
funds are required.
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The accounting policies described below were consistently applied in these consolidated financial statements,
unless otherwise indicated.
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
a) Statement of compliance
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS). The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by
the Board of Directors on July 20, 2017.
b) Basis of measurement
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis.
c) Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its wholly-owned
subsidiary: Impak Capital Finance Inc. The subsidiary has not begun its activities.
The Parent company has control of a subsidiary when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its
involvement with the subsidiary and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the subsidiary.
The subsidiary has a reporting date of April 30th. All intercompany balances, revenues and expenses are
eliminated upon consolidation including unrealized gains and losses on transactions between the Impak
Finances companies. The account balances of the subsidiary are included in the consolidated financial
statements of the Company from the acquisitions date until the date on which the Company ceases to control
them.

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

9

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2017
(In Canadian Dollars)

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
BASIS OF PRESENTATION (contd)
d) Functional and presentation currency
The consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars. The functional currency of Impak
Finance and its subsidiary is the Canadian dollars.
BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE
The Company presents basic and diluted loss per share for its common shares, calculated by dividing the net loss
attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period.
The diluted loss per share reflects the potential dilution of common share equivalents, such as outstanding stock
options in the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, if dilutive.
For the year ended April 30, 2017 the potentially diluted loss per share was the same as the basic loss per share
since there was no outstanding activities.
INCOME TAXES
The Company applies the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Current tax expense is recognized
based on the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using the enacted tax rate at period end,
adjusted for any amendments with regards to previous years.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future income tax consequences of temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and for tax losses
carried forward. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using the substantively enacted tax rates
that will be in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.
Deferred income tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be
available against which the underlying tax loss or deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Deferred tax
liabilities are always recognized in full. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only when the Company has
a right and intention to set off current tax assets and liabilities from the same taxation authority.
Changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized as a component of tax income or expense in profit
or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
in which case the related deferred tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or equity, respectively.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one party and a financial liability or
equity instrument of another party.
Financial assets are classified into the following categories at their initial recognition:





financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL);
held-to-maturity investments;
loans and receivables;
or available-for-sale investments.

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

10

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2017
(In Canadian Dollars)

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Contd)
Financial liabilities are classified into the following categories at their initial recognition:



financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss;
or financial liabilities measured at amortized cost

Financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at fair value, plus, in the case of a financial asset or liability not
at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition or issuance of the financial
asset or liability.
Financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value, except for financial assets classified as held-to- maturity
investments or loans and receivables, which are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest
method. Any interest revenue resulting from the amortization is recorded in profit and loss.
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are subsequently measured at fair value. All other financial
liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Any interest expense resulting
from the amortization is recorded in profit and loss within general and administrative expenses.
All financial assets except for those measured at fair value through profit or loss are subject to review for impairment at
least at each reporting date. Financial assets are impaired when there is any objective evidence that a financial asset is
impaired.
Individually significant receivables are considered for impairment when they are past due or when other objective
evidence is received that a specific counterparty will default. Receivables that are not considered to be individually
impaired are reviewed for impairment in groups, which are determined by reference to the industry sector. Objective
evidence that a financial asset is impaired could include the Companys historical collection experience, an increase in
the portfolio recovery period and any domestic or local change in economic conditions in correlation with debtors
failure to pay.
Classification
Cash
Trade and other payables

Loans and receivables
Financial liabilities at amortized cost

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Property and equipment are recognized at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Depreciation
is calculated on their respective estimated useful life using the straight-line method and periods:

Furniture and fixtures

Per iods
5 years

Computer equipment

3 years

Gains and losses from sale of property and equipment are calculated as the difference between sale price and carrying
value at date of sale and are included in general and administrative expenses.
Depreciation methods, residual value estimates and estimated useful lives are reviewed at least annually. Assets are
depreciated once they are available for use.

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

11

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2017
(In Canadian Dollars)

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
OPERATING LEASES
All leases are treated as operating leases. Where the Company is a lessee, payments on operating lease agreements are
recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Associated costs, such as maintenance and
insurance, are expensed as incurred.
EQUITY
Share capital represents the amount received on the issue of shares, less issuance costs, net of any underlying income
tax benefit from these issuance costs.
Deficit includes all current and prior year retained profit or loss.
3. NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT YET ADOPTED AND ADOPTED STANDARDS
At the date of authorization of these consolidated financial statements, certain new standards, amendments and
interpretations to existing standards have been published but are not yet effective, and have not been early adopted by
the Company.
Management anticipates that all of the pronouncements will be adopted in the Company's accounting policies for the
first period beginning after the effective date of the pronouncement. Information on new standards, amendments and
interpretations that are expected to be relevant to the Company's financial statements is provided below. Certain other
new standards and interpretations have been issued but are not expected to have a material impact on the Company's
consolidated financial statements.
IFRS 9, Financial Instruments
In July 2014, the final version of the IFRS 9 standard was published to replace IAS 39: Financial instrument: recognition
and measurement. It simplifies the classification and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities by reducing
the number of measurement categories. The new standard also includes new requirements with regards to general hedge
accounting and impairment of financial assets. The effective date of this new standard will be for periods beginning on
or after January 1st, 2018 with early adoption permitted. The Company has yet to assess the impact of this standard on
its consolidated financial statements.
IFRS 15, Revenues from Contracts with Customers
In May 2014, the IASB published IFRS 15 which replaces IAS 18 Revenue, IAS 11 Construction Contracts and some
revenue-related interpretations. IFRS 15 establishes a new control-based revenue recognition model, changes the basis
for deciding when revenue is recognized at a point in time or over time, provides new and more detailed guidance on
specific topics and expands and improves disclosures about revenue. IFRS 15 is effective for annual reporting periods
beginning on or after January 1st, 2018. Earlier application is permitted. The Company has yet to assess the impact of
this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.
IFRS 16, Leases
In January 2016, the IASB published IFRS 16 which will replace IAS 17 Leases. IFRS 16 eliminates the classification
as an operating lease and requires lessees to recognize a right-to-use asset and a lease liability in the statement of financial
position. An exemption is permitted for short-term leases and for leases of low-value assets. Additionally, IFRS 16
changes the definition of a lease, sets requirements on how to account for the asset and liability, including complexities
such as non-lease elements, variable lease payments and option periods changes the accounting for sale and leaseback
arrangements largely retains IAS 17s approach to lessor accounting and introduces new disclosure requirements. IFRS
16 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1st, 2019, with early application permitted in certain
circumstances. The Company has yet to assess the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

12

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2017
(In Canadian Dollars)

4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
The application of the Companys accounting policies, in accordance with IFRS, requires management to make
judgments, estimates and assumptions that can have a significant effect on the revenues, expenses, comprehensive loss,
assets and liabilities recognized and disclosures made in the financial statements. Although these estimates are based on
managements best knowledge of the amount, event or actions, actual results ultimately may differ from those estimates.
Significant assumptions which are at risk of causing a material adjustment to the amounts recognized in the consolidated
financial statements are:
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
The assessment of availability of future taxable profits involves judgment. A deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent
that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilized.
USEFUL LIVES OF DEPRECIABLE ASSETS
Management reviews its estimate of the useful lives of depreciable assets at each reporting date, based on the expected
utility of the assets. The carrying amounts are presented in Note 5. Actual results however may vary due to technical
obsolescence.

5. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Furniture
and fixture

Computer
equipment

Total

$

$

$

-

-

-

Additions

4,853

21,515

26,368

Balance as at April 30, 2017

4,853

21,515

26,368

-

-

-

Additions

546

1,228

1,774

Balance as at April 30, 2017

546

1,228

1,774

4,307

20,287

24,594

Cost
Beginning balance

Accumulated depreciation
Beginning balance

Net carrying amount as at April 30, 2017

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

13

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2017
(In Canadian Dollars)

6. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
2017
$
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

53,321

Payable to management

34,474

Vacation accrued

11,558

Payable to an entity controlled by a management member

3,449
102,802

7. SHARE CAPITAL
Authorized, an unlimited number of common shares, voting, participating and without par value. Issued common
shares:
Number of
Amount
shares
$
Beginning balance
Issuance of shares
Private placement between August 31, 2016 and September 26, 2016 ($0.30)
Private placement between September 26, 2016 and January 19, 2017 ($0.60)
Private placement between October 5, 2016 and April 30, 2017 ($0.87 to 1.00)
Share issue costs

6,400,000
559,522
722,050
898,894
-

64
152,857
433,230
826,818
(85,175)

Balance, April 30, 2017

8,580,466

1,327,794

During the year, the Company issued 314,227 common shares in exchange for services valued at $218,737. The
services were evaluated using their fair value, as established by the third parties.
8. CASH FLOWS
2017
$
Net changes in working capital items:
Sales tax recoverable

(64,886)

Prepaid expenses

(30,973)

Trade and other payables

102,802
6,943

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

14

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2017
(In Canadian Dollars)

9. INCOME TAXES
The income tax expense attributable to earnings differs from the amounts computed by applying the combined federal
and provincial income tax rate of 26.87% to earnings before income taxes as a result of the following:
2017
$
Loss before income taxes

(988,889)

Expected income tax recovery

(265,714)

Non-deductible expenses

3,835

Difference in tax rate

3,585

Unrecognized tax assets

258,294


Income tax expenses (recovery)

As at April 30, 2017, deductible timing differences for which the Company has not recognized deferred tax asset are
as follows:
2017
$

Share issue expenses
Non-capital losses

Federal

Quebec

68,327

68,327

995,838

985,939

1,064,165

1,054,266

The ability to realize the tax benefits is dependent upon a number of factors, including the future profitability of
operations. Deferred tax assets are recognized in respect of tax losses and other temporary differences giving rise to
deferred tax assets only to the extent that it is probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the asset
to be recovered. Accordingly, deferred tax assets have not been recognized.
The Company has $995,838 non-capital losses which are available to reduce income taxes in future periods, that can be
carried over 2037.

10. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
LIQUIDITY RISK
Liquidity risk is the risk of the Company not being able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Company
manages liquidity risk through the management of its working capital ratio. It also manages liquidity risk by continuously
monitoring actual and projected cash flows. The Board of Directors reviews and approves the Company's operating and
capital budgets.
As at April 30, 2017, the Company was holding cash of $321,254. In order to maintain or adjust its capital structure, the
Company may be required to issue new shares or raise debt.

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

15

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2017
(In Canadian Dollars)

10. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
LIQUIDITY RISK (Continued)
Contractual maturities of financial liabilities are as follows:

Trade and other payables

April 30, 2017
Current
0 - 6 months
6 - 12 months
91,244
-

Total
91,244

Non-current
1 - 5 years
-

FAIR VALUE
The Company has determined that the fair value of its current financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost
approximate their carrying amounts as at financial position date because of their short-term maturity.

11. CAPITAL DISCLOSURES
The Companys objective when managing its capital is to ensure sufficient equity financing to fund its mission to build
an enterprise that will make money work for positive social and environmental impact through an online collaborative
financial ecosystem. The capital which the Company raises will be used to fund its operations, technology infrastructure,
staffing and product design. The Company considers shareholders equity as capital. Through the ongoing management
of its capital, the Company will modify the structure of its capital based on changing economic conditions, in doing so,
the Company may issue new shares. Annual budgeting is the primary tool used to manage the Companys capital.
Updates are made as necessary to both capital expenditure and operational budgets in order to adapt to changes in risk
factors proposed expenditure programs and market conditions.

12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The following table summarized the information on related party transactions during the year ended
April 30, 2017:
2017
Fees to an entity controlled by a management member

27,048

These transactions were carried out in the ordinary course of business.
Key management personnel are defined as members of the Board of Directors, the President and Chief Ecosystem
Officer, the Chief Happiness Officer, the Banking Ecosystem Architects, the Experience Maker and the Chief Storydoing Officer of the Company.
2017
Short-term benefits

249,522

IMPAK FINANCE INC.

16

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2017
(In Canadian Dollars)

13. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON THE NATURE OF EARNINGS COMPONENTS
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
Expenses recognized for employee benefits are analyzed below:
2017
$
Salaries
Fringe benefits costs
Subcontractors

215,882
23,859
366,781
606,522

Expenses recognized for employee benefits are allocated between Research and development, Sales and marketing,
Funding, Funds and General and administrative according to the functions occupied by the employees.
LEASE
Expenses recognized for leases are analyzed below:
2017
$
Lease
Expenses recognized for lease benefits are allocated to General and administrative.

17,500



Intelligent Trading
Technologies (ITT)
State-of-the-art data science tools and artificial intelligence networks providing actionable
real-time trading signals for success in the cryptocurrency markets.






Whitepaper
17-August-2017
edited 11-September-2017

Website: intelligenttrading.org/
Token Sale Site: intelligenttrading.org/token-sale/
Telegram Bot: (currently in private Beta)
Twitter: twitter.com/ITT_Token
Slack (join): itt-token-slack.herokuapp.com/
Slack (team): https://itt-token.slack.com
Github: github.com/intelligenttrading
Reddit: reddit.com/r/ITT_Token
Email: info@intelligenttrading.org

Table of Contents
0  Important Notice

2

1 - Executive Summary

8

2 - Background, Problem Overview
Cryptocurrency Markets
Artificial Intelligence
Artificial Intelligence in Cryptocurrency Markets

9
9
9
11

3 - Mission Statement

12

4 - Platform
ITT Bot UI Mock up
Alert Description
Details of the Alert
Additional Sections in Testing
Technology Architecture

13
14
14
15
17
17

5 - Roadmap
Phase 1: Initial Development
Phase 2
Phase 3

19
19
19
20

6 - Token Mechanism

21

7 - ITT Token Sale

23

8 - Leadership (Team)

26

9 - Legal Considerations

28

10  KYC Policy

29

11 - Acknowledgements

31

1

0  Important Notice
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY, NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES,
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU, CAUTIONARY NOTE ON
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION
AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS, NO ADVICE, NO
FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE, RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION
AND DISSEMINATION, NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION AND
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES CAREFULLY.
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU
SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL
ADVISOR(S).
The ITT tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper
does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an
offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction.
This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to sell, or any
solicitation of any offer by the distributor/vendor of the ITT tokens (the Distributor) to
purchase any ITT tokens nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the
basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision.
The Distributor will be an affiliate of Intelligent Trading Technologies (Intelligent Trading
Technologies), and will deploy all proceeds of sale of the ITT tokens to fund Intelligent Trading
Technologies cryptocurrency project, businesses and operations.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale
and purchase of the ITT tokens and no cryptocurrency or other form of Payment is to be
accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper.
Any agreement as between the Distributor and you as a purchaser, and in relation to any sale and
purchase, of ITT tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only a separate
document setting out the terms and conditions (the T&Cs) of such agreement. In the event of
any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.
You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any ITT tokens in the Intelligent Trading
Technologies Initial Token Sale (as referred to in this Whitepaper) if you are a citizen, resident
(tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America or a citizen or resident of
the Peoples Republic of China.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this
Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or

2

rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does
not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
There are risks and uncertainties associated with Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the ITT tokens, the Intelligent Trading
Technologies Initial Token Sale and the Intelligent Trading Technologies Wallet
(each as referred to in this Whitepaper).
This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any
country where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this
section and the following sections entitled Disclaimer of Liability, No Representations and
Warranties, Representations and Warranties By You, Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking
Statements, Market and Industry Information and No Consent of Other Persons, Terms
Used, No Advice, No Further Information or Update, Restrictions On Distribution and
Dissemination, No Offer of Securities Or Registration and Risks and Uncertainties.
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Intelligent
Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor shall not be liable for any indirect, special,
incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but
not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in
connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor does not make or purport to make, and
hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any
entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth,
accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part
thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant to Intelligent Trading Technologies
and/or the Distributor as follows:
A. you agree and acknowledge that the ITT tokens do not constitute securities in any form in
any jurisdiction;
B. you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer
document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities in any
jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in securities and you are not bound to enter
3

C.

D.

E.

F.

G.
H.

I.

J.

into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of
ITT is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper;
you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the
information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws,
regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or
dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws,
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with;
you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion
of the Intelligent Trading Technologies Initial Token Sale, or future trading of the ITT
tokens on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted or deemed by
you as an indication of the merits of the Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor, the ITT tokens, the Intelligent Trading Technologies Initial Token Sale and
the Intelligent Trading Technologies Wallet (each as referred to in this Whitepaper);
the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof,
or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws,
regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to
possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions at
your own expense and without liability to Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor;
you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any ITT tokens,
the ITT tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as:
a. any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;
b. debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (whether Intelligent
Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor)
c. rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;
d. rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or
pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss;
e. units in a collective investment scheme;
f. units in a business trust;
g. derivatives of units in a business trust; any other security or class of securities; or
h. an investment contract.
you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to purchase any ITT
tokens if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United
States of America or a citizen or resident of the Peoples Republic of China;
you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage,
transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies,
blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage
mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology;
you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any ITT
tokens, there are risks associated with Intelligent Trading Technologies and the
Distributor and their respective business and operations, the ITT tokens, the Intelligent
Trading Technologies Initial Token Sale.
you agree and acknowledge that neither Intelligent Trading Technologies nor the
Distributor is liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of
any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue,
4

income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any
acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you; and
K. all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and
non-misleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this
Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be).
CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place
accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by Intelligent Trading
Technologies and/or the Distributor or their respective directors, executive officers or employees
acting on behalf of Intelligent Trading Technologies or the Distributor (as the case may be), that
are not statements of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements. Some of these
statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as aim, target, anticipate,
believe, could, estimate, expect, if, intend, may, plan, possible, probable,
project, should, would, will or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the
exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All statements regarding Intelligent
Trading Technologies and/or the Distributors financial position, business strategies, plans and
prospects and the future prospects of the industry which Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or
the Distributor is in are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, including
but not limited to statements as to Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the Distributors
revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other
matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Intelligent
Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor to be materially different from any future results,
performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. These factors include, amongst others:
A. changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and
the regulatory environment in the countries in which Intelligent Trading Technologies
and/or the Distributor conducts its respective businesses and operations;
B. the risk that Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor may be unable or
execute or implement their respective business strategies and future plans;
C. changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies;
D. changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of Intelligent
Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor;
E. changes in the availability and fees billable to Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor in connection with their respective businesses and operations;
F. changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by Intelligent
Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor to operate their respective businesses and
operations;
G. changes in preferences of customers of Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor;
5

H. changes in competitive conditions under which Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or
the Distributor operate, and the ability of Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor to compete under such conditions;
I. changes in the future capital needs of Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor and the availability of financing and capital to fund such needs;
J. war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;
K. occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the
businesses and/or operations of Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor;
L. other factors beyond the control of Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor; and
M. any risk and uncertainties associated with Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor and their businesses and operations, or the ITT tokens.
All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to Intelligent Trading Technologies
and/or the Distributor or persons acting on behalf of Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and
uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance
or achievements of Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor to be materially
different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this
Whitepaper, undue reliance must not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking
statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper.
Neither Intelligent Trading Technologies, the Distributor nor any other person represents,
warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance or achievements of
Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor will be as discussed in those
forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or achievements of Intelligent
Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor may differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements.
Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or
undertaking as to the future performance or policies of Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or
the Distributor. Further, Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor disclaim any
responsibility to update any of those forward-looking statements or publicly announce any
revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events or
circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.
MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER
PERSONS
This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained
from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, as well as market research,
publicly available information and industry publications. Such surveys, reports, studies, market
research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that
they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but there can be no
assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such included information.
6

Save for Intelligent Trading Technologies, the Distributor and their respective directors,
executive officers and employees, no person has provided his or her consent to the inclusion of
his or her name and/or other information attributed or perceived to be attributed to such person in
connection therewith in this Whitepaper and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or
purported to be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information by such person
and such persons shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same.
While Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor have taken reasonable actions to
ensure that the information is extracted accurately and in its proper context, Intelligent Trading
Technologies and/or the Distributor have not conducted any independent review of the
information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy or completeness of such
information or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein.
Consequently, neither Intelligent Trading Technologies, the Distributor, nor their respective
directors, executive officers and employees acting on their behalf makes any representation or
warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and shall not be obliged to
provide any updates on the same.
TERMS USED
To facilitate a better understanding of the ITT tokens being offered for purchase by the
Distributor, and the businesses and operations of Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor, certain technical terms and abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their
descriptions, have been used in this Whitepaper. These descriptions and assigned meanings
should not be treated as being definitive of their meanings and may not correspond to standard
industry meanings or usage.
Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and
words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter
genders and vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations.
NO ADVICE
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax
advice regarding Intelligent Trading Technologies, the Distributor, the ITT tokens, the Intelligent
Trading Technologies Initial Token Sale. You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or
other professional adviser regarding Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor and
their respective businesses and operations, the ITT tokens, the Intelligent Trading Technologies
Initial Token Sale. You should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of
any purchase of ITT tokens for an indefinite period of time.
NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE
7

No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained in
this Whitepaper in connection with Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor and
their respective businesses and operations, the ITT tokens, the Intelligent Trading Technologies
Initial Token Sale and the Intelligent Trading Technologies Wallet (each as referred to in the
Whitepaper) and, if given, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having
been authorised by or on behalf of Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor. The
Intelligent Trading Technologies Initial Token Sale (as referred to in the Whitepaper) shall not,
under any circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or
implication that there has been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve a material
change in the affairs, conditions and prospects of Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor or in any statement of fact or information contained in this Whitepaper since the date
hereof.
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION
The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or
restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where
any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which
are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at
your own expense and without liability to Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor.
Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided
access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any
other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained
herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.
NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION
This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not
intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any
jurisdiction. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no
cryptocurrency or other form of Intelligent Trading Technologies is to be accepted on the basis
of this Whitepaper. Any agreement in relation to any sale and purchase of ITT tokens (as
referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only the T&Cs of such agreement and no
other document. In the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the
former shall prevail.
You are not eligible to purchase any ITT tokens in the Intelligent Trading Technologies Initial
Token Sale (as referred to in this Whitepaper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or
green card holder of the United States of America or a citizen or resident of the Peoples Republic
of China.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this
8

Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or
rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does
not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Prospective purchasers of ITT tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) should carefully
consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with Intelligent Trading
Technologies, the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the ITT tokens, the
Intelligent Trading Technologies Initial Token Sale, all information set out in this Whitepaper
and the T&Cs prior to any purchase of ITT tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties
develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
of Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor could be materially and adversely
affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the ITT tokens.

9

1 - Executive Summary

Cryptocurrency markets have increased in popularity in recent years. What started with Bitcoin,
a decentralized payment system to circumvent government manipulation of currencies and
redefining Money as we know it, has evolved and has recently gained critical mass with
investors, traders, entrepreneurs and consumers. From a total cryptocurrency Market
Capitalization of less than $10B in 2012 to ~$144B today (17-Aug-17), cryptocurrencies
continue to gain in value and distribution.
Although the recent increase of the cryptocurrencies market cap and presence is rather
unprecedented, many believe that that this trend will not only continue, but will increase. With
the near-constant inflow of newly available cryptocurrencies, traders are spending more time
than ever trying to find suitable investment opportunities among the sea of choices. Numerous
tools have risen already to help traders in their quest for profit. Trading bots, and alerts are
already around, but these are constantly leaving traders wishing for more.
The availability of cryptocurrencies is a new and transformative phenomenon, and relevant data
sources are scarce and fragmented. Nevertheless, it is without question that blockchain
technology and cryptocurrencies will play a more important role in our lives going forward.
Blockchain technology is a complete game-changer, and investing in these disruptive
technologies at the very early stages should undoubtable be extremely profitable. The real
question is which of the cryptocurrencies will dominate this space in the coming future. Investors
in this space (both new and experienced) need a tool to discern the good from the bad
investments, and an efficient method to make this selection process as easy as possible.
Our mission is to increase adoption and awareness of cryptocurrencies. Using the hyperbolic
technology and artificial intelligence (AI) to identify market signals and patterns that cannot be
programmed by humans, we are building the tool that will undoubtedly help you become a more
knowledgeable and successful trader.

10

2 - Background, Problem Overview
Cryptocurrency Markets

Cryptocurrency markets continue to increase in awareness and popularity. In 2017, the prices of
more popular virtual currencies, such as bitcoin and ethereum, have soared to record highs amid
increased investor interest. This increase in investor interest has led to the emergence of many
other available options.
With just a few lines of code, nearly anyone can issue their own new cryptocurrencies and offer
it to the world. These other options include numerous alt-coins and app tokens, which have
arisen to tackle many different opportunities for which the blockchain provides next-gen
solutions. These currencies, developed on the blockchain, offer built-in transparency - but an
understanding of coding is required to comprehend the technologies and whether they are truly
capable of the disruption they claim.
This increase in the number of available cryptocurrencies has allowed for an unprecedented
opportunity for traders, but it also makes it makes a traders job increasingly more complex to
identify exceptional investment vehicles. Cryptocurrency market participants are overwhelmed
by a very large and growing amount of data that needs to be digested and understood to be
successful.
Young, volatile, borderless, and available 24/7 - these markets are extremely far from efficient.
This means that there are significant excess returns to be had, or Alpha - especially when
compared with traditional markets. Cryptocurrency markets are still in their infancy and we have
yet to see a significant influx of institutional interest.
The cryptocurrency market has evolved during the age of the internet, so information itself is
quite easy to come by - but good unbiased information is very difficult to identify from the
massive amount of available information. There are multiple instances of misinformation,
disinformation and widespread pump & dump schemes. With all of this conflicting available
information, what is the truth and what is a distraction?  If traders can properly analyze and
absorb only the useful information, there are myriad ways to generate superior returns and profit.

Artificial Intelligence

Artificial intelligence, specifically neural networks used in machine learning, are designed as
software that emulates the activity of the human brain and how it processes information. These
neural network models are particularly useful for predicting future events when trained on
historical data.
The use of these technologies has improved data science and data analyses and has recently
become impressively effective for certain tasks when compared to traditional algorithms based
on hard coded rules and pure statistical analysis. Machine intelligence as an evolving field,
11

represents the largest opportunity for staying ahead in any market where competition makes
innovation necessary.
Artificial Intelligence has been around for a while, and investments in Artificial
Intelligence-based startups is not a new thing. Since 2012, the number of deals and dollars
contributed to Artificial Intelligence startups has been on the rise, and 2016 was a record year for
startups globally. The chart below displays the increasing funding rounds of AI startups over the
last 5 years.

Source: CB Insights
Current popular utilization of AI technology is the simple substitution of routine human tasks.
This is the simplest application because AI is fast and accurate, without fatigue. For example,
estimation of stock price impact of news announcements by comparing precedential cases,
reading financial results or analyst reports to find hidden causality between many companies
results, text mining of Twitter to find correlation between stock price and some words, etc.
Artificial intelligence has been used for over 18 years in traditional financial market trading, to
generate additional returns for many hedge funds and banks. This trend is expected to continue.
For investment and trading decisions, financial services have recently been adopting AI tools.
Capable of processing and comprehending data faster than any human, the potential for both
high-frequency trading and longer-term predictions based on intelligent intuitions leads to
substantially greater captured profits.

12

Artificial Intelligence in Cryptocurrency Markets

Currently, cryptocurrency traders spend countless hours in chat groups, forums, social media and
scanning new sites for information - all while trying to simultaneously comprehend complicated
technical analysis and execute trades at the precisely right time.
If a tool were to exist to help traders analyze all of this available information and allow them to
easily profit from it, it would be incredibly useful. This is done by pairing traditional market
(stocks, fiat currencies, bonds, derivatives) trading concepts with todays cutting-edge pattern
recognition and machine learning capabilities. These technologies allow the software to scan,
analyze, and interpret the massive amount of information available. With this information, this
intelligent tool would then identify entry points and notify the trader about these price
movements before they happen. This would allow traders to profit from these moves when they
happen, not get an alert after the profits have been made. Fortunately, Intelligent Trading
Technologies (ITT) is building this ultimate companion for the ALL traders.
Let ITTs platform do the heavy lifting and analyze all the relevant input data for
cryptocurrencies and deliver game-changing trading ideas to you to execute. ITT trading bots can
be customized to cater to your preferences for time of day, trading volumes, risk level, hold
timings, among others. ITT will monitor all of the relevant information, 24/7, on your behalf.
ITTs platform will automatically author a strategy, and it give you the commands to execute.
ITT will then send you actionable trading alerts during the day and in time for you make the final
call whether to trade.
Our intelligent bot (Tier 2, scheduled to be released 4Q17) will be capable of self-programming
and reprogramming to match changes in the market, adjusting indicator weights, and continuous
optimization as an agent motivated solely on maximizing the traders hourly return rate.

13

3 - Mission Statement

The goal of Intelligent Trading Technologies is to empower traders with consolidated
cryptocurrency market predictors served by our fleet of AI-powered data bots orchestrated to
produce intelligent insights from a vast world of real-time data.
Thousands of alt-coins price movements across multiple exchanges is just the initial torrent of
data users must ingest to effectively trade cryptocurrencies. The most experienced traders rely on
a host of services to help them derive insights from the slew of market indicators popping up
every second. We want to empower every beginner trader with consolidated insights on when to
buy, sell, or hold their diverse portfolio of coins. Intelligent insights mean using deep learning
and statistical analysis to communicate a why behind each market predictor.
State-of-the-art data science tools and neural networks should be employed to provide actionable
real-time trading signals for success in the cryptocurrency markets. These disruptive
technologies are constantly and consistently changing our lives. Its time to leverage these
technologies into cryptocurrencies.
ITT tokens will be a disruptor to traditional trading models. This token sale gives early adopters
a unique opportunity to become an early subscriber and investor in the value of these trading
insights.
The ITT team will use the token sale funds to further our current model, rolling out new and
exclusive bots only available via the ITT Platform with subscriptions payments only accepting
ITT tokens.

14

4 - Platform

Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.  Pablo Picasso
I believe that the most important single thing, beyond discipline and creativity, is daring to
dare.  Maya Angelou
In determining a good investment in any market, there are two primary methods used to try to
predict an assets future price:
 Fundamental Analysis (FA)
 Typically for longer-term trading, FA involves determining an assets true value
based on its intrinsic properties as well as the state of the market.
 Technical Analysis (TA)
 Technical analysis involves reading indicators and chart patterns to determine
price trends, TA is normally not concerned with the companys fundamentals.
Technical analysis is typically used for day/swing trading (i.e. short-to-medium
term trading) and looks at past price action to determine future values.
Looking at simply FA & TA is not enough, however. There are many day traders out there trying
to profit from this.
Fortunately, trading using TA works really well in cryptocurrency markets, and ultimately the
goal is to provide you with quality data to make educated choices. However, when trading based
on TA, it is fairly common to receive mixed indicators (one bullish, one bearish). The added
value from a smart platform powered by AI is to intelligently scan for even more indicators or
signals from multiple data sources to support one direction or the other. AI is constantly learning
and adapting to changing market conditions.
ITTs platform learns from historical time series of price and volume. ITTs data bots are
constantly scanning and learning from the vast array of data available on the internet. Therefore
the model is expected to be effective if the market environment is consistent with the near past.
This is something that the machine learning helps with - because at times mere humans may
perceive the cryptocurrency market as unpredictable when in fact clear patterns emerge when
reading between the lines.
Even in a nascent, volatile, and not yet efficient market such as the cryptocurrency markets,
technical analysis can accurately predict price action based on historical data. The shortfall
comes with that this cannot predict a humans motivations and actions. If a whale decides to
move a market, given the lack of regulations and potential for market manipulation, the best
quantitative model in the world wont be able to predict the price swings. Obviously, the model
does not foresee any of idiosyncratic event such as natural disaster, referendum, or political
change which are very difficult for humans too. Who couldve predicted the GDAX, one of the
largest and most active cryptocurrency exchanges out there, and the flash crash in June where
ETH prices dropped from $319 to $0.10 in an instant.
15

When deciding what indicators to use on ITTs platform, we did a thorough analysis of what
currently exists, and made a wish-list of indicators that would be included on the platform.
From nearly a year of meticulous backtesting and tweaking our indicators, we have come up with
a useful lot.
The exact triggers for these indicators is proprietary, but the source code for Tier 1 pricing
indicators is available on GitHub.

ITT Bot UI Mock up

The above screenshot is from the current Tier 1 ITT Platform. The data is pulled live from
multiple exchanges. Each alert will be a concise summary either BULLISH or BEARISH
and has a link to full details of the report.

Alert Description

The alerts are easy to understand. Current Tier 1 alerts are showing the following:
 Trading Pair
 The cryptocurrency pair for which the alert is triggered. In this example,
ETH/USDT (Ethereum/USD Tether).
 Overall Rating
 This gives you a quick sign of what our algorithms are predicting with the asset.
The two options are:
16








 Bullish
 Bearish
 The strength of this signal will be rated up to 5 stars (strongest signal)
 This is a weighted summary of the summation of all the indicators. These
weightings continue to be optimized for excess returns.
 This rating is a link to a full report detailing the alerts that were triggered.
Time Horizon
 Each alert comes with an expected Time Horizon for the alert. These horizons are
defined by number of trading periods (15 minute intervals).
 Short (minutes)
 Medium (hours)
 Long (days)
 Short Time Horizon represents <20 periods, Medium represents 20-50 periods,
and long represents >50 periods.
Exchange
 This shows the exchange on which the trading alert was triggered, in this
example: Bittrex.
 The exchange name, Bittrex, is actually a link that will take you to see the
indicated trading pair.
Price Summary
 Current price of the trading pair along with change in the past 2 hours.
Volume Summary
 Current buy/sell volume along with the increase from the average buy/sell volume
over the past 2 hours.

Details of the Alert

By clicking on the alert link, users will be taken to a summary of what triggered the trading
alerts. This summary is broken out into:
Technicals - Price & Volume
In development of the bot, we have incorporated many different technical indicators for testing.
Currently, the only the most relevant and consistent indicators are being used.
How indicators work is all about how they are used in a trading plan. Moving Averages, MACD,
RSI, CCI do their job in terms of calculations. The real added value is how ITT's technology
interprets the information and learns from it as part of an overall trading strategy. There is
absolutely no "holy grail" single indicator or signal. Proper use of standard indicators with
meticulous backward and forward testing, paired with having the use of these indicators evolve
as the market evolves to optimize the trading strategy for maximum trade returns.
This section will start with an overall rating for the section, based on a weighted-average of the
indicators included in this section.

17

 Price






Percentage change in price during recent periods.
SMA & EMA for multiple periods
RSI - 14, 21 periods
Stoch
StochRSI
 Stoch RSI Fast K & Slow D values from multiple period data
 The moving average & slope of these values over previous periods
 Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD).
 The sign and value MACD
 Commodity Channel Index (CCI)
 CCI calculation (20 periods) versus price action
 Average True Range (ATR) - 14 periods
 Volume
 To eliminate short term fluctuations in volume to minimize false signals, we use a
proprietary model for volume calculated using a weighted mix of:
 On Balance Volume (OBV) determining:
 Whale/Rich List Ownership %
 24 hour Change in Whale/Rich List Ownership %
 Klinger Oscillator
 The total buy volume in the past periods versus the average buy volume in
the past 24 hours.
 The percentage change in buy volume for the past periods versus the
average buy volume in the past 24 hours.
 The slope of buy volume for the past periods.
 Total buy & sell orders, mid price and spread of the order book
 Buy Order/Sell Order Ratio for entire order book
 Candles
 Trendlines
 Support
 Resistance
 A mix of Marubozu & Doji formations indicators
Sentiment
Sentiment Indicators are where the artificial intelligence features really shine. Tier 2 subscription
will include these features, current (beta-testing) indicators include:
 Social
 ITTs platform bots scan the following sites:
 BitcoinTalk Forums
 Twitter
 Reddit
 YouTube
 Focusing on the following:
 Positive/Negative Mentions
 Proprietary bullish/bearish indicators
18

 News
 ITTs platform bots scan the following sites:
 Google News
 Popular Cryptocurrency news sites such as:
 Coin Telegraph
 Coin Desk
 Focusing on the following:
 Positive/Negative Mentions
 Proprietary bullish/bearish indicators
 Google Trends
 ITTs Platform scans google trends for key search queries.

Additional Sections in Testing

We continue to test additional features in the ITT Platform. Currently investigating more
Fundamental Analysis aspects by looking at correlations of:
 Longevity of target assets project.
 Correlation of returns and target assets core teams number of developers.
 Number of Followers of cryptocurrencys Twitter and Reddit Accounts.
 For Proof of Work Coins:
 Track percentage increases in nodes

Technology Architecture

Tokens: ERC-20 token, finite supply of 21,000,000.00000000
Contracts: Service subscription in contract
Blockchain: Ethereum network
Scalability: 99.99% uptime as containerized on Google Cloud Platform
Performance: 800ms SLA target for data-point to user push notification
Decentralized and Redundant: Ethereum network
Secure and Foolproof: User session is anonymous and no user data is touched in Tier 1, 2
subscriptions. Tier 3 is hosted internally on private servers in Switzerland.

19

Service Data Flowchart:

20

5 - Roadmap

"Collaboration allows teachers to capture each other's fund of collective intelligence." --Mike
Schmoker

Phase 1: Initial Development

4Q16
 Concept realization of a trading assistant for Cryptocurrency Markets.
1Q17
 Development of an advanced trading assistant (on Telegram) begins as a side project.
 Initial Telegram Bot included trading alerts based on predefined price and volume change
with limited available cryptocurrencies.
 Testing continues by founders, friends, and advisors.
 Increased development leads to introduction of technical analysis indicators in trading
alerts.
2Q17
 Authoring of whitepaper as 3 new advisors join the team.
 Continued development and testing of more advanced features with Telegram bot - an
additional artificial intelligence professional joined to incorporate AI features into ITT.

Phase 2

3Q17
 ITT Platform (bots and algorithms) continues to be tweaked and optimized to produce
market-beating returns.
 Private Beta Tier 1 ITT Bot released on Telegram for limited public use (using Technical
Analysis, AI features not included).
 ITT Token Sale.
 Acceleration of development in statistical data modelling, and trader experience patterns.
4Q17
 Tier 2 AI-enabled ITT Bot released on a subscription-based model.
 Personalized trading alert settings made available on ITT Bot.
 Availability of Portfolio management companion app.
1Q18
 Support added for Simplified Mandarin, Korean, Japanese, Cantonese, Spanish
 Additional Features added to ITT Bot - Social Media Sentiment Indicators. Investigate
potential inclusion of predictive markets - partnership with Augur/Gnosis.
 Continue to build ITT community of traders.

21

Phase 3

2Q18
 ITT users gain access to exclusive cryptocurrencies Research reports (buy/sell)
 Release of alternative alerts - via Slack, WeChat, Twitter, Wire, Ambit
3Q18
 ITT launches separate quant fund with the introduction of Tier 3 subscription options.
Ongoing
 ITT Bot will continue to be tweaked and developed - these data bots will be constantly
re-tested and optimized.
 We intend to bring institutional-level trading technology and make it available to the
masses. Smart automated loss prevention trades available.
 API access to user accounts on exchanges for faster trade initiating and option for
implementing smart automated loss prevention trades.
Machine learning and specifically the implementation of generative adversarial networks will
will further disrupt the growing effectiveness in trading crytpocurrency assets. Furthermore, our
focus will remain on both infrastructure and tuning the neural models to effectively produce
high-confidence trading predictions from trillions of data signals ranging from media outlets,
social networks, international trade relations, current events, and technology advancements.
While timing is difficult to predict, the team has its sights set upon an AI assistant capable
self-programming, retraining, and continued self-optimization. And, at the same time promoting
open and transparent transacting inside smart contracts on the Ethereum network blockchain.

22

6 - Token Mechanism
The Intelligent Trading Technology Token (ITT) is an ERC20 Ethereum token. Ethereum tokens
are represented as smart contracts that are executed on the publicly-available Ethereum
blockchain. The ITT tokens design follows the widely-adopted token implementation standards.
This allows token holders to easily store and manage their ITT tokens using existing solutions
including Ethereum Wallet.
The source code to ITTs smart contract is publicly available on GitHub. The supply of ITT
tokens is limited to 21 million ITT tokens. The Ethereum network enforces that there will never
be more than this initial 21 million ITT tokens minted.
ITT tokens are essential to pay all subscription fees on the ITT platform.  We will burn 25% of
the subscription fees collected from ITT's users.
We will continue to support and promote the trading of ITT tokens on several exchanges, as well
as introduce subscription-based access to ITTs Platform after the ITT token is added to an
adequate number of exchanges to allow for sufficient volume.
Subscriptions, paid in ITT tokens will target prices to that uphold two goals:
- maintains enough exclusivity to prevent the user crowd from becoming a
market-manipulator
- remain available to amateur low-volume traders
Tier 1 Subscription Services - This ITT Bot sends alerts based on numerous technical
indicators, and will start off around $5/month, payable in ITT Tokens.
The pricing mechanism is a product of factors including number of subscribers, inverse
relationship of the USD value of the ITT Token, and elastic to the ratio of total subscribers to
Total Market Cap of all cryptocurrencies.
P = (aS + bP

1
IT T )

* 0.95

0.5+c(S/C G )

Tier 2 Subscription Services - This ITT Bot will send customizable alerts personalized by
artificial intelligence (neural network) models tuned to your trading goals and optimized to your
individual trading ability.   The Tier 2 ITT Bot will start off around $20/month, payable in ITT
Tokens.
A similar pricing mechanism was used in producing the ideal pricing equilibrium, adding
elasticity in price according to the ratio of AI-Powered traders (ITT Service users) versus
non-AI-Powered traders.  This ensures the effectiveness of the AI advantage of ITTs Platform.
P = (aS + bP

1
IT T

1

1

e(C S *C G )+f (T S *T G )
+ cC IT T + dC 1
G ) * 0.95

23

Tier 3 Subscription Services - According to the Roadmap in 3Q18, ITT will launch a separate
quant fund powered by the ITT Platforms technology.  ITT tokens will represent the future
exclusive opportunity to convert into a separate quant fund using ITT's technology.

24

7 - ITT Token Sale

For the ITT token sale, contributors can receive updates and announced on the ITT token sale
webpage (intelligenttrading.org/token-sale/).
The ITT token sale period will last until USD $4.2 million equivalent in Ethereum/Bitcoin
tokens have been raised, or for a maximum duration of 1 calendar month, whichever is earlier.
Start Date: August 18, 2017 at 14:00 UTC
End Date: September 17, 2017 at 14:00 UTC
CAP:  We are raising approximately $4.2M USD denominated in ETH/BTC in our token sale.
Being a crowdfunded project, a majority of 75 % will be owned by the crowdfunding
participants in the form of ITT tokens, while 25 % ITT tokens will be reserved for the original
development team, advisors, bounties and the earliest adopters/contributors. ITT Tokens
reserved for original development team and advisors will be subject to a 12-month holding
period to serve as a long-term incentive for the founding team.
21,000,000 ITT Tokens will be created:
 75% of Tokens available for
crowdfunding participants and
traded on exchanges
 15% of Tokens available for User
Rewards (acquisition, performance
and bonuses)
 10% of tokens available for
original contributors/dev
team/advisors (subject to
12-month holding period)

As with all token sales, there are many possible benefits of participating. The direct benefit is
that you are helping Intelligent Trading Technologies further the development of its product.
ITTs Platform will allow for increased inclusion of beginner crypto traders, giving them greater
trading confidence in the cryptocurrency markets and should help encourage more traders to
enter the market.
Additionally, once the tokens are listed on many exchanges, there potentially would be an
opportunity to make a profit selling tokens after youve purchased them.

25

Token sale participants will be able to send Ether (ETH) or Bitcoin (BTC)* to the Intelligent
Trading Technologies token sale address only after the start of the token sale period.
Please only contribute to official ETH address as listed on the official Intelligent Trading
Technologies Website (http://token-sale.intelligenttrading.org). Any other addresses posted
before/during/after the token sale period anywhere other than the official website
(http://token-sale.intelligenttrading.org) should not be used.
*Bitcoin (BTC) contributions will only be taken in special circumstances in amounts >50 BTC.
Please email for more information at info@intelligenttrading.org.
Contributors who purchase  ITT tokens between August 18 and September 1 (during the first two
weeks of the token sale) will receive bonus ITT tokens based on the table below.
Capital Committed

ITT Bonus Tokens

< 5 ETH*

+0%

5 ETH* - 50 ETH*

+10%

>50 ETH*

+20%

ETH* - also applies to an equivalent amount in BTC at time of transaction.
ITT tokens will be delivered to your ETH Wallet shortly after the token sale period ends, and
then tradable on exchanges shortly thereafter.
On the project website (intelligenttrading.org/faq), you will also find a detailed guide on how to
participate in the ITT token sale using either the Ethereum Wallet or Parity. Please do not send
contributions from an exchange or any wallet for which you do not control the private key.
Please check your local laws and regulations prior to participating. Unfortunately, citizens and
residents of the United States and the Peoples Republic of China cannot currently participate in
the ITT token sale due to due to regulations in those jurisdictions. Please see our Terms &
Conditions for more information.

26

Use of Token Sale Proceeds

The funds raised with allow ITT to scale up operations until we become cashflow positive at
which point we will follow a not for profit model and will be able to lower subscription fees to
the users. The funds will be distributed according to the table below and spent on direct costs
according to the Roadmap. A breakdown can be seen below.

Primary Development - 60%

Sixty percent of the funds received during the token sale will be allocated for development and
continued improvement to the ITT Platform and open-source project as laid out in our
development roadmap. Funds raised will allow for AI integration, Slack bot, WeChat bot, web
dashboard, and auto-trading via API connection to exchanges as they become available.

Marketing- 10%

As the value of ITT Tokens and the ITT Platform will jointly benefit from more users, marketing
will be done through social media, direct marketing, partnerships and affiliate programs.

Outreach- 10%

Our outreach funds will be utilised to provide education to the public on the ITT Platform and
cryptocurrencies in general. Increased awareness of cryptocurrencies and blockchain, will allow
for increased use of ITT Platforms and ultimately more liquidity in the markets in which we
operate. This will also include outreach to ITTs users for feedback - ensuring that we continue
to provide a relevant product that continues to add significant value to their trading experience.
We intend to firmly establish ITT as the dominant player in the Trading Alert space.

Operating Expenditures - 20%

Twenty percent of the token sale funds will be reserved for operating expenditures. These will be
allocated for any non-development, hosting and legal expenses.
27

8 - Leadership (Team)

Great things in business are never done by one person. Theyre done by a team of people.
- Steve Jobs
"Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win championships." --Michael Jordan
Benjamin Lakoff, CFA
Co-Founder
Ben is an entrepreneur and finance professional. He is an avid active trader in
both traditional and cryptocurrency markets. He holds the Chartered Financial
Analyst (CFA) designation and has been investing in Blockchain start-ups
heavily since mid-2016. Ben joins ITTs team with broad and diverse
experience across various business sectors including mergers & acquisitions,
equity markets, banking, and lately the Head of Planning in a more diversified
and entrepreneurial organization. He is fluent in English, Portuguese, and
Spanish and currently lives in Bangkok, Thailand.
Thomas Counsell
Co- Founder
Tom holds a Computer Science degree from Purdue University. In 2012, he
cofounded the largest artisan ecommerce site in Morocco while serving with the
US Peace Corps. In 2015, he created Noble Software Foundation and
Incorporeal Ltd. while leading large software development operations for
technology startups in Thailand including Agoda.com and serving as CTO at
CareerBolt and Aztrana.com. Tom brings to ITT a unique set of diverse
cross-culture skills and experience deploying world-class applications used by
millions internationally. He now resides in Czech Republic focussing on
practical applications of the latest artificial intelligence and blockchain
technologies.
Marcelo Barbosa
Platform Developer
With 17+ years of experience, Marcelo has led teams as a backend and
full-stack engineer at Ovirt, Fedora Linux and CentOS Linux, GlusterFS,
SizeOf, Datacom, Red Hat, Lojas Renner, Neo Networks and SIJ. His
specialization in cloud services, open-source products, scalable server
infrastructure, API design, and blockchain has honed his passions for
problem-solving and product development.

28

Peter H
Trading Advisor
Peter is based in the USA, and has spent the past six years in investments
working for the Asset Management divisions of JPMorgan and Wells Fargo.
Peter's trading experience spans all asset classes and he has deep knowledge of
fundamental and technical analysis and modeling. Peter is addicted to trading
cryptos and is passionate about this project because he sees great value in the
resource that ITT will be for all crypto investors, from the first time buyer to
professional traders.
Due to the unknown ramifications of the US regulatory environment for
licensed individuals, Peter has chosen to remain anonymous at this time
Sebastian Bausch
Advisor
Sebastian is a security analyst and has been passionate about cryptocurrencies
since 2011. He is the co-founder of Criton Group, a risk consulting firm with
focus on Asia. Sebastian studied Mandarin at Xiamen University and holds a
postgraduate degree from the University of Nottingham.
Poramin Insom
Development Advisor
Poramin is the founder and core developer of Zcoin, an $30M Market cap
anonymous cryptocurrency. He is the CEO of Satang, a mobile bitcoin wallet in
Southeast Asia. He is also the world's first person to implement stealth
addresses in QT-Wallets, improving cryptocurrency anonymity. He earned a
master's degree in Information Security from Johns Hopkins University where
he wrote a paper on a proposed practical implementation of the Zerocoin
protocol.

29

9 - Legal Considerations

Please read this section carefully. If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take, you
should consult your legal, financial, tax or other professional advisor(s).
ITT tokens are functional utility tokens within the ITT platform. ITT tokens are not securities,
and are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. ITT tokens are also
non-refundable and are not for speculative investment.
Intelligent Trading Technologies whitepaper and website do not constitute a prospectus or offer
document of any sort, and are not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for
investment in securities in any jurisdiction. This whitepaper and website do not constitute or
form part of any opinion on any advice to sell, or any solicitation of any offer by the
distributor/vendor of the ITT tokens (the Distributor) to purchase any ITT tokens nor shall it or
any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection
with, any contract or investment decision. Contribution to the ITT token is by way of donation to
the Distributor.
The Distributor will be an affiliate of Intelligent Trading Technologies, and will deploy all
proceeds of sale of the ITT tokens to fund ITTs cryptocurrency project, businesses and
operations.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale
and purchase of the ITT tokens and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be
accepted on the basis of this whitepaper.
Any agreement as between the Distributor and you as a purchaser, and in relation to any sale and
purchase, of ITT tokens (as referred to in this whitepaper) is to be governed by only a separate
document setting out the terms and conditions (the T&Cs) of such agreement. In the event of
any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail.
You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any ITT tokens in the Intelligent Trading
Tokens Sale (as referred to in this whitepaper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or
green card holder of the United States of America or a citizen or resident of the Peoples Republic
of China.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this
whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or
rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this whitepaper does
not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
There are risks and uncertainties associated with Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the
Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the ITT tokens, and the ITT Token
Sale (each as referred to in this whitepaper).
30

This whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any
country where distribution or dissemination of this whitepaper is prohibited or restricted. No part
of this whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated.
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Intelligent
Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor shall not be liable for any indirect, special,
incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but
not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in
connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this whitepaper or any part thereof by you.
Prospective purchasers of ITT tokens (as referred to in this whitepaper) should carefully consider
and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with Intelligent Trading Technologies, the
Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the ITT tokens, and the ITT Token, all
information set out in this whitepaper and the T&Cs prior to any purchase of ITT tokens. If any
of such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects of Intelligent Trading Technologies and/or the Distributor
could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of
the ITT tokens.
The reports and signals produced as an outcome of this project are for informational purposes
only. These signals should NOT be regarded as investment advice or as a recommendation
regarding a course of action, including without limitation as those terms are used in any
applicable law or regulation.
This information is provided with the understanding that with respect to the material provided in
this project (i) the person who prepared this document is not acting in a fiduciary or advisory
capacity under any contract with you, or any applicable law or regulation, (ii) that you will make
your own independent decision with respect to any course of action in connection herewith, as to
whether such course of action is appropriate or proper based on your own judgment and your
specific circumstances and objectives, and (iii) that you are capable of understanding and
assessing the merits of a course of action and evaluating investment risks independently. You
may not rely on the material contained herein. The person who wrote the codes to produce these
documents shall not have any liability for any damages of any kind whatsoever relating to these
documents.

10  KYC Policy

Please read this section carefully. If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take, you
should consult your legal, financial, tax or other professional advisor(s).
Intelligent Trading Technologies will require a completed Know Your Client (KYC)
documentation on all contributors over the BTC or ETH equivalent of US$10,000. Upon
completion of the token sale, Intelligent Trading Technologies will engage our legal advisors to
collect and review KYC documentation from individuals and entities that are applicable. The
following shall be required:
31

Individuals
 Completed Compliance Form  Individual
 Certified colour picture passport page
 Certified utility bill showing current residential address
If the individual is not a citizen of one of the following countries, additional information is
required: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Bahamas, Bahrain, Barbados, Belgium, Bermuda, Brazil,
British Virgin Islands, Canada, Cayman Islands, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Gibraltar,
Greece, Guernsey, Hong Kong, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Israel, Italy, Japan, Jersey,
Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Panama,
Peoples Republic of China, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United
Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States of America.
 Reference from a bank where the individual has had a business relationship for more than
2 years.
 Reference from a professional whom the individual has had a business relationship for
more that 2 years.
Legal Entities







Completed Compliance Form  Entity
Certified Certificate of Incorporation / Formation
Certified Memorandum and Articles of Association / Bylaws
Certified Register of Directors and Officers*
Certified Register of Members**
Structure Chart

*We will also require KYC on the directors of the entity in the same form as referenced above
for an individual or entity.
**We will also require KYC on the member(s) holding 10% or more of the issued shares in the
same form as referenced above for an individual or entity.
*** Certified documents must be certified or notarised by a lawyer or licensed notary.
****If there are any regulated entities within the structure, please advise as there may be
exemptions that can be applied.

32

11 - Acknowledgements
Many people have committed to support the Intelligent Trading Technologies project with their
time, energy, and network. We would like to use this opportunity to express our gratitude to
everyone who supported us throughout the course of development of this project. Thank you!
A special thanks to Iglu, Bangkok Meetups, Ethereum Team and their technology, Coin
exchanges for their useful APIs and many others for their support, feedback and
improvements to the ITT Platform!

33

An Insurance Marketplace based on Blockchain

Nov, 2017







Content

1 Executive Summary

3

2 Introduction

3

3 The Insurance Market Today
3.1 Existing Challenges
3.1.1 Generation Shift
3.1.2 Growth Limitations
3.1.3 Overhead Costs
3.1.4 Legacy IT
3.2 Market Opportunity
3.2.1 Increased Regulation
3.2.2 Status Quo is not enough
3.2.3 Drive For Digitization
3.2.4 Global Reach

3
4
4
4
4
5
5
5
5
5
6

4 The iXledger Platform
4.1 Target Audience
4.2 Key Features
4.3 Key benefits
4.4 Technology
4.4.1 Architecture Overview
4.4.2 Blockchain
4.4.3 Oracles
4.4.4 Security and data privacy
4.4.5 Matching Engine
4.4.6 Digital Signing
4.5 IXT - The iXledger Token
4.6 Token Allocation
4.7 Reserve Pool
4.8 Team Pool
4.9 Token Burn
4.10 Token Purchase
4.11 Activities
4.12 Volatility Control
4.12.1 Price Range Calculation
4.12.2 Arbitrage Prevention

6
6
7
8
8
9
9
10
11
12
13
13
14
14
14
14
15
15
16
17
17
1

4.12.3 Platform Launch Price

17

5 Roadmap

17

6 The Company
6.1 The Leadership Team
6.2 The Core Team

18
18
19

7 Competitive Landscape
7.1 Situational Analysis
7.1.1 Corporate
7.1.2 Industry
7.1.3 Platform Functionality Matrix

20
20
20
21
22

8 Partnerships

23

9 Disclaimer

24

10 References

25






2

1 Executive Summary
iXledger is building a platform that aims to disrupt and replace the traditional insurance working
models. Our offering is a global and alternative marketplace that uses technology as one of the
pivot differentiators. The working platform leverages blockchain and revamps many of the
currently outdated insurance processes.
The insurance industry is undergoing change that is partially driven by technology. Insurance
companies have been exploring emerging technologies in order to remain innovative and
competitive in the industry. Blockchain is one of the key technologies that promises
transformative alternatives to traditional insurance approaches.
This whitepaper outlines how iXledger will meet upcoming challenges and take advantage of
opportunity gaps within the insurance market.
iXledger successfully completed a fund-raising ICO and we are focused on building a viable
commercial operation. We are not including financial projections or budgets in general.

2 Introduction
iXledger is a UK registered company based in London, the global capital of insurance. Our
mission is to transform the way the market trades and manages insurance products by offering an
alternative insurance marketplace utilising blockchain technology.
iXledger is creating the required tools best suited for the operations of insurers and brokers. Our
solutions will help these users maximise market connections and efficiency throughout all stages
of their day-to-day working processes. This paper gives you a detailed overview of our approach.

3 The Insurance Market Today
The insurance market counts for $3.92 trillion or 5.7 percent of the global economic output [1].
Estimates suggest that this is the volume of the gross written premiums generated by insurers
across the globe in 2015.
London is the capital of the global insurance market in Europe, with a long history as a
marketplace for all kinds of insurance. The Association of British Insurers estimated the value of

3

assets under management, held by insurance companies, at $2.032 trillion. In the UK, 305,500
people are employed within the industry [2].
Insurance companies are seeking to increase their revenue by creating new insurance products
and expanding into new markets. At the same time, brokers are merging to broaden their offering
and services. Market consolidation has become the trend in order to grow [3].
Compared to the traditional cost cutting and market consolidation [4], blockchain can change the
insurance industry the same way as the Internet revolutionised the world in the early 90s.
Blockchain creates new growth opportunities in the global insurance industry as new products
and operations are evolving from blockchain technology [5].

3.1 Existing Challenges

Insurers face a number of challenges, including: A fast-paced changing industry, outdated
technology and a shift in demographics. Below is an outline of some of the major challenges.

3.1.1 Generation Shift

The generation of Baby Boomers (aged 51-69) and Generation X (aged 35-50) are yet to
embrace technology for insurance solutions. On the other hand, the millennial generation (aged
18-34) insurance professionals have expectations of a system that is simple, transparent and
efficient. The increase in competition and changes is pushing this generation into a new
digitalised environment.

3.1.2 Growth Limitations

Brokers and underwriters face limitations to grow if their access to the marketplace is limited.
Traditionally, relationships are the foundation to provide future business growth in insurance.
The current manual paper-based processes are a big challenge to grow business operations.

3.1.3 Overhead Costs

Insurance processes that manage risk, premiums and claims typically involve a significant
exchange of data between multiple parties. Each party stores their own separate copies of data
and process these individually. This makes it difficult to synchronise and collaborate through
what is meant to be a shared process.

4

3.1.4 Legacy IT

In many cases, insurance companies have outdated IT systems that are not ready for mobile use
or general online access. A large proportion of the legacy IT systems are closed and have no
easy way of integrating external partners systems.

3.2 Market Opportunity
The insurance industry is going through some significant changes that have an impact on profit
levels and this therefore increases the need for cost-saving. The consumer markets are also
changing with new approaches to insurance and gaining popularity. According to KPMG, on
demand insurance is an appealing proposition, as it provides convenience through an attractive
customer interface and offering flexibility of cover. [6]
Insurance companies need to reinvent themselves to remain competitive and also support the
existing business processes against a backdrop of lower premiums and a need to cut costs. Below
are a few characteristics of this changing environment.

3.2.1 Increased Regulation

Insurance companies and brokers are under increased regulatory scrutiny that causes an extra
administrative burden. This adds additional requirements on IT systems to provide transparency
and auditing protocols. Examples of some regulatory demands are GDPR (General Data
Protection Regulation) compliance, Solvency II and IDD (Insurance Distribution Directive).

3.2.2 Status Quo is not enough

The process of how the market trades and manages insurance products is shifting to an electronic
approach. This shift is being driven by demographic, economic and technology factors. Status
Quo is no longer enough and insurers who fail to adapt will not be able to retain their customers,
let alone grow their business to a broader market [7].

3.2.3 Drive For Digitization

Insurance companies are driving digitization efforts across the industry and are investing heavily
in the search of efficiencies and increased market reach. Consumers and counterparties expect
modern technology. Artificial Intelligence (AI), mobile apps and blockchain are some of the
main focuses.

5

3.2.4 Global Reach

Insurance is no longer a local business and this sector needs to cover people and companies with
a global footprint. The insurance marketplace is also increasingly global where it is no longer
possible to meet in person. The need to communicate and collaborate remotely continues to
increase significantly.

4 The iXledger Platform
The platform is a suite of tools that allows insurance professionals to maximise their market
connections and profitability throughout all the stages of the business process. iXledger offers a
powerful matching functionality and instant messaging features that enables market participants
to broaden their business network in multiple types of insurance.

4.1 Target Audience
The iXledger marketplace is for participants of the insurance industry. Our target audience are:
 Brokers. Match buyers-sellers while providing tailor-made structures and other services.
 Insurers. Sell insurance products to reinsurers i.e. risk transfer.
 Reinsurers. Buy insurance programs or selling i.e. retrocession insurance.
The millennial generation (aged 18-34) is one of our key target audiences. According to the
General Director of Association of British Insurers, by 2020, 70% of the workforce will be
millennials and this generation has grown up surrounded by technology. The insurance industry
is focused in preparing insurance professionals within this generation to adapt to the shift in
technology for insurance solutions [8].
In addition, according to a PwC survey, by 2020, 50% of consumers would be prepared to
provide their insurer with personal-data documents through an electronic platform to seek the
best deal and efficient service [9].
The current market networking opportunities are limited to existing relationships between the
brokers, insurers and reinsurers.
Our platform provides features such as an instant messaging based placement process and mobile
access, which will sit well with this audience.
6

4.2 Key Features

Collaborative placement of insurance
Meet, network and agree terms instantly with a secure live-messaging based submission process.
Utilise all the platform features on-the-go with our mobile application
Keep track of all your business activities and keep up to date with an enabled live notification
straight to your mobile device.
Securely share documents
Upload and share your confidential documents processed through our blockchain-based
platform.
Effective portfolio and individual risk data management
Stay on top of your work in our customizable and powerful risk data and portfolio manager.
Export the data straight into Excel or downstream processes.
7

Template driven MRC (Market Reform Contract) creation with digital signing
Be part of a collaborative platform, where all parties can edit contract wordings and clauses.
Transactions are agreed and finalised with digital signatures from all business partners.
Market insights and performance analytics
Gain insights into the market by analytics and reports that will give you an edge. Analyse
performance on an individual or team level and track your progress.
Invite your business partners and colleagues to connect
Our simple sign-up process encourages a network effect by rewarding the sign-up of the people
you do business with.
Promotion of expertise growth of your network
Show your professional expertise and qualifications on your profile and search for partners for
new business opportunities.

4.3 Key benefits

Blockchain technology is a new focus area within the insurance industry and it gives a
significant advantage for market practitioners. Blockchain reduces the need for intermediaries
and introduces trust, leading to growth opportunities and operational efficiencies.
The main benefits:
 Providing an alternative to existing marketplaces with modern technology and new
approaches for lower overhead costs.
 As an independent provider we are able to create solutions without being tied to specific
markets, insurance companies or consortia whilst staying in line with industry standards.
 Utilising blockchain technology as the software protocol provides an additional
implementation for internal IT-solutions and external partners.

8

4.4 Technology

The iXledger architecture is a highly scalable and robust combination of the latest technology
advances in blockchain, UX (User-experience) and server side approaches.
Our layered and modular approach gives flexibility to replace technology and add new
functionalities.

4.4.1 Architecture Overview

4.4.2 Blockchain

Our platform leverages blockchain technology and offers participants consistent, shared and
secure processes. The nature of the decentralized blockchain allows a completely trustless
interaction between parties and also removes third-party costs and commissions.
iXledger will eventually provide an open blockchain for insurance companies and others to join
and mine. However it will initially start by creating a consortium blockchain in Ethereum with
controlled participation. This allows the iXledger team to get around the current performance
limitations suffered by the public blockchain. It is important to note that all iXledger software
has been designed for deployment deployed on the public blockchain.
9

Our core business logic is implemented on smart contracts that are executed on the blockchain.
iXledger blockchain contracts have been organised around business processes and each contract
type is supported by a registry. This registry allows users to monitor contract data records and
also provides control and event tracking. The aim of this contract implementation is to minimise
the need to configure addresses externally and to provide a consistent approach.

4.4.3 Oracles

One of the architectural challenges with smart contracts is that this architecture lacks information
of anything outside of itself. Given that real time data is often needed for business practises (e.g.
current exchange rates), this issue has been solved with oracles. When a smart contract is oracle
aware, the contract can execute an event to the oracle, which in its turn feeds the required data
back into the contract or performs certain alternative actions.

10

An example of oracle usage within the iXledger platform is when IXT payments are made. In the
event of a chargeable transaction on our consortium blockchain, the smart contract connects with
an oracle that then synchronises the payment on the public blockchain.
Oracles have their own challenges and one of these is security. For example both the oracle itself
and the callback function in a smart contract need to be secured. Another aspect is the
performance and gas costs.

4.4.4 Security and data privacy

Some of our data is not public to everyone and must be protected with a high level of security.
For example, the medical data documents that form part of a life insurance claim, or quote
information provided for a submission. The different levels of protection and various use cases
call for different approaches.
Sharing of documents: This feature might involve sharing highly sensitive medical data or
other personal information between privileged users. Explicit exchange of encryption keys is
required to gain access.
Smart Contract privacy: Certain data in the smart contracts needs to be encrypted. Since
encrypting data within the blockchain is not viable, certain fields need to be encrypted before
they are published. For example, participants who provide quotes for a submission should not be
able to see quotes that have been sent by others.
Personal Data Removal: One of the challenges is the regulatory requirement to be able to
remove personal information if requested. As our data is stored in the blockchain and therefore
11

immutable, we need a slightly different approach. We are basing it on encryption and consider
data to have been deleted if the key is lost.

4.4.5 Matching Engine

What makes a successful matching engine?
 High performance
 Scalability
 Flexibility
Many of the existing order matching engines mainly optimise on matching prices. This works
well when the prices are the primary focus. However, for our participants, other fields (e.g.
jurisdictions and business classes) are often no less important. For our products, flexibility is as
critical as high performance in order to help smooth the customers business operations and
avoid setting constraints.
There are naive approaches to achieve flexibility for a successful matching engine. Some
implementations evade the issue by converting preference filters into database queries. Other
approaches include field-by-field matching by brute force, which results in poor performance.
Field specific optimisations can help to a certain degree, e.g. by cleverly re-organising data and
comparison flows. Nonetheless it is important to note that such optimisations usually need very
fine level manual adjustments, which results in scalability issues.
We are basing our matching engine on an innovative novel tree structure. The participants filters
are parsed and then organised in a way that reduces repeated comparison (e.g. if a Submission
satisfies one criteria of a filter, there is no need to re-compare the same criteria in other filters).
The filter tree allows arbitrary numbers and types of criteria in a filter. It also self-organises
dynamically, according to the created (and removed) filtersachieving scalability.
Here is one example:
Interest in submissions: Lets imagine that there are 100 insurers who have registered interest
in insurance Submissions. Half of them are interested in cover limits of over 2 000 000 and a
quarter of them prefer the ones from France and under 500 000 cover limits. The remainder have
no preferences over limits but are interested in the ones from the UK.
Submissions available: Suppose there is a Submission with 300 000 limit which comes from the
UK. If we perform a model of an ideal matching process, this model will start by comparing the

12

cover limit: After the first comparison, the first 50 filters are skipped.
The second group (France and under 500 000) will pass the first comparison, but a second
comparison against the country will drop all of them. Finally a third comparison will match the
final group.
Matching model: The root of our matching tree has one branch towards limit comparison and
another branch towards country comparison. The limit branch then forks by value, meaning that
all of the first group will be registered under one sub-branch, while the entire second group under
another branch of country comparison. Finally, the last group is directly under the root. With this
approach only three comparisons are needed to match against 100 filters.
The real implementation is more complicated and there are intriguing challenges. Some of these
challenges include rebalancing the tree as the filters are added and removed, and selecting the
branching strategy based on hits and misses. There are multiple ways and strategies for these
challenges. At the moment, simple models and strategies suffice for the Minimal Viable Product
(MVP). In the long term, more sophisticated models will be developed as the product evolves.

4.4.6 Digital Signing

We have integrated digital signing that leverages DocuSign, the market leader in e-signatures.
The signing functionality is tightly integrated with our User Interface (UI) to provide a smooth
experience. Removing the need for printing and scanning as well as a blockchain-backed proof
of signatures makes the process auditable and quicker. This feature gets rid of administration
tasks that often delay the signing process.

4.5 IXT - The iXledger Token

IXT is used to pay for transactions and other activities on the platform. From the perspective of
an IXT holder, the token should be classified as a prepayment for services. The purpose of using
an IXT token is to provide easier payments and reduce the administrative overheads when using
the platform.
All transactions and activity are priced in IXT, which allows for easy comparison and unified
charging.
IXT that have been transferred to the platform accounts or have been bought on the platform will
not be transferrable to external accounts.

13

4.6 Token Allocation

We issued a total of 65,778,844 IXT tokens during our crowdsale period. From that total supply
24.08% (15,839,549 IXT) has been added to the iXledger pool which includes the team and
company reserve.

4.7 Reserve Pool

Initial Size: 10,000,000 IXT
The reserve pool is used to ensure that our IXT token economy operates in a fair and controlled
manner. Tokens from the reserve pool will be utilised to provide the required liquidity and
smoothen short-term price increases. As the pool is depleted, it will be replenished by the tokens
that the platform receives. This replenishment will happen on a weekly basis and a summary will
be published with the steps taken.
The aim of this pool is to provide a stable price for our primary participants whilst maintaining a
controlled increase in price (i.e. inflation) which reflects the growth and volume of the platform.
There is also the possibility of increasing the size of the pool as the platform grows. This will be
achieved by reducing the tokens burned.

4.8 Team Pool

Initial Size: 5,839,549 IXT
Our team allocation is primarily there to incentivise team members to strive for an increase of the
value of the token.
The tokens in the team pool will also be used to allocate an initial balance to early adopters of
the platform. This allocation will provide users with either three months of free usage or the
option to receive a reward by inviting their business contacts. We aim to achieve a significant
network effect with this approach.

4.9 Token Burn

Tokens received by the platform will be burnt after certain costs have been covered. This exact
amount will be determined on a monthly basis depending on the levels required for:
14

Operational costs: This includes the infrastructure costs required to operate the iXledger
platform. The medium to long-term plan is to open up the blockchain to people who wish to
mine. Miners would then be rewarded with IXT tokens.
Growth: There will be rewards for bringing on new participants, provisioning and marketing
and advertising.
Reserve Pool replenishment: A constant level of tokens will be maintained in this pool with the
potential to increase the size in proportion to platform growth.
Tokens will be burnt with a single transactions of those unwanted tokens to the Genesis block
address. This procedure will effectively take these tokens out of circulation. Other existing token
burn options being considered for implementation is a graveyard contract, which will explicitly
destroy the token.

4.10 Token Purchase

An iXledger marketplace participant can purchase tokens directly from the platform with a credit
card payment or bank transfer. Tokens that are purchased directly on the platform will be
sourced from the exchanges on behalf of the customer. With this procedure, the token demand
will be reflected in the market value whilst making it a frictionless experience for the user.
Tokens bought on the platform by registered users will be held in a secure wallet (acting as a
custodian) associated with the user account and fully managed by the platform.
IXT token is already listed in a number of exchanges and the team is working to provide
liquidity with more listings. Token liquidity will encourage participants to continue supporting
the platform in various ways. For someone that is not an iXledger platform participant, you can
only buy or sell tokens from exchanges.

4.11 Activities

Examples of activities which will require a fee or offer IXT rewards are defined below. More of
these activities will be added as the platform evolves. The platform will also include an IXT
transfer window that will publish the corresponding amount of IXT and the according addresses.
Our payment oracle will settle the the transaction on the public Ethereum blockchain.

15

Activity

IXT Price

Submission
You will pay IXT in order to place a submission in the market. Recipients of
the submission will not be charged. The fee goes to the platform.

TBD

Quote
You will be rewarded IXT when you provide a quote which is accepted.

TBD

Firm Order
A firm order will result in an equal charge to both sides of the transaction. The
fee goes to the platform.

TBD

Invites
If you send invites to people outside your organisation you will be rewarded
IXT as it helps the platform to grow.

TBD

Organisation Setup
During the setup of an organisation you will be rewarded with an initial
balance of IXT.

TBD

Data
Data can be bought and sold on the platform. The exact functionality is
scheduled during our second phase of development so all the specifics have not
yet been worked out.

TBD

Premium Features
Unlock premium features such as detailed statistics such as profile views,
contacts and research material.

TBD

4.12 Volatility Control

One of the key priorities is to create a stable and predictable cost model for iXledger clients. This
model will shield clients from the short-term volatility that is traditionally associated with
blockchain tokens. Price volatility should only be a concern for someone who is about to buy
IXT.
The way we prevent high IXT volatility is by offering a discounted mechanism if the price spikes
above a predefined range. This is handled automatically as part of the IXT purchase process. If
the market sourcing detects that the best price it can get is outside the range of the acceptable
16

price swing, the platform will add the difference. This difference in tokens will be obtained from
the reserve pool.

4.12.1 Price Range Calculation

The maximum daily price m is 5% of yesterdays price P. If the number of organisations
participating k have increased, there will be an additional 5% increase per new organisation. The
percentages are likely to be adjusted as k increases.
m = P * 1.05 + (k * P * 0.05)
The discount is then simply todays price minus m.
Selling tokens from the internal pool reserves will help to raise operational capital. This can be
advantageous for the development of iXledger if the token benefits from healthy market prices.

4.12.2 Arbitrage Prevention

iXledger platform participants will not be able to transfer purchased discounted IXT tokens in
the secondary markets within 30 days of purchasing. This is to prevent arbitrage opportunities,
where a participant buys a discounted IXT on the platform to sell it at a higher price in the
secondary market.

4.12.3 Platform Launch Price

There will be no attempt to prevent any potential steep price increase during the launch of the
iXledger working platform. Volatility control will begin once the price has stabilised and IXT
begins with institutional transactions. iXledger aims to protect primary participants from high
volatility.

5 Roadmap
Below is a high-level roadmap which outlines the main phases and milestones. This is subject to
change as we reserve the right to change our priorities and timelines as we find opportunities or
get market feedback.

17

6 The Company
6.1 The Leadership Team
Ingemar Svensson - Founder & CEO: Before founding iXledger, Ingemar was the CTO of
Risk and Valuation at SunGard Asset Management. His experience ranges from managing large
18

organisations to hands-on software development. Ingemar has spent 20 years building mission
critical systems in various roles at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays Capital, Lehman
Brothers and Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance.
Cristina Dolan - Co-founder & President US: Cristina is an MIT Media Lab alumna and
Internet pioneer with over two decades of experience building software, content, and Internet
based products and businesses. She was a co-founder of OneMain.com, which grew to be the
10th largest ISP after a successful IPO. Cristina is Chair of the MIT Enterprise Forum in New
York. In 2017 she was honored with Harold E. Lobdell Distinguished Service Award from MIT
for her work in promoting computer science.
Mikael Olofsson - Co-founder & President EMEA: Mikael has over 17 years experience from
the financial markets and start-up sector. Previous to founding iXledger, he was Co-founder of
TikkR.co an on-demand insurance platform with participation of the InsurTech Accelerator
Program in 2017 at Startupbootcamp.org in London. Before this Mikael worked as Senior Equity
Derivatives Broker and Commodities Broker in London, New York, Geneva and Paris for
companies such as ICAP and SCB Group.

6.2 The Core Team

Henrik Hoppendorff - Business Development: Insurance specialist and former underwriter
who worked at AIG and other insurance companies. He joins us with a wealth of detailed
insurance expertise as well as the senior business development skills.
Andrew Hodgett - Business Development: Experienced marine (re)insurance broker. He joins
us to provide insight in the broking sector and will take a leading role in our sales team.
Charlotte Holmen -Head of Development: Charlottes last role was the first developer hired
at the startup Doctify.co.uk. As a senior full-stack developer she and her team took the product
from scratch to the award winning product it is today.
Gurcan Sanli - Social Media & Community Manager: Gurcan joins us with experience in
digital marketing essentials and social media management. He obtained a Bachelors degree in
marketing and advertising, as well as the key certificates in digital marketing accredited by CIM,
Google and CPD.
Linmao Song - Senior Blockchain Developer: Prior to working as a Blockchain developer at
Nchain, Linmao was at Barclays for 6 years as a C++ developer. Linmao leads the blockchain
development on the platform.
19

Theodor Port - Blockchain Developer. Theodor joined us after completing his Masters in
Computer Science at Imperial College London. He had significant experience of Ethereum
development prior to joining from his own projects and as a community volunteer.
Mohammed Yafii - Software Developer: Software developer specialising in the creation of
interactive and responsive user interfaces using modern JavaScript frameworks.
Danny Currie - Senior Software Developer: Danny joins us from Gavuin, a data analytics
company where he was the product manager and senior full-stack software developer.
Shanthi Varanasi - Middleware Developer: Shanthi worked at State Street Bank leading the
team of developers and was completely responsible for the Finance Risk project. Shanthi has an
overall experience of 18 years in the Software Industry working on client-server web based and
enterprise applications.
Valdi Kamenarov - Middleware Developer: Valdi worked at News Corp UK where he took
part in the development of their Customer Management Platform. His role varied from analysing
business requirements, system design and developing strategic business functionality.

7 Competitive Landscape
There are a number of players who are aiming to reform the insurance market with innovative
solutions based on technology. A survey conducted by PwC, indicates that 74% of insurers
expect the insurance industry to undergo a change in market operation due to the advance of
technology [10]. There is a high demand for a system that is efficient for both brokers and
insurers.

7.1 Situational Analysis
7.1.1 Corporate

Strength:
- Strategic collaboration with Gen Re
- Blockchain-based platform
- Unique platform features
- Well funded
- Versatile leadership team with key experience
20

Weaknesses:
- Currently only one official partnership
- Low marketing presence to the target audience
Opportunities:
- Replacing outdated IT systems
- Demand for a global electronic platform to provide efficiency
- Blockchain adoption
Threats:
- Established projects that already offer various classes of insurance
- Regulatory hurdles

7.1.2 Industry
Threat of new entrants: Medium
- Insurance solutions projects are emerging and establishing themselves in the industry
with similar technologies and offerings
Bargaining power of buyers: Low
- Our target audience are keen to conduct their processes on a trusted and seamless
electronic platform
Power of suppliers: Low
- iXledger are the insurance solutions provider who handles participant fees based on their
activity scale
Competitive Rivalry: Medium to high
- Xuber are operational with regular funding from owners DXC Technology
- Xuber operates in multiple regions and offering several classes of insurance
- PPL obtain access over London markets and the necessary clients internally
Threat of substitutes: Medium
- Various blockchain-based projects are offering insurance solutions to meet both the
insurer and broker requirements

21

7.1.3 Platform Functionality Matrix

Below is a Platform Functionality Matrix of the closest peers in the market.
Company

Blockchain

Instant
Messaging

Placing
business

Cross
Product

GDPR
Compliant

Claims
Management

Policy
Management

Premiums

Mobile
Access











*

*

*

*













iXledger
PPL
Xuber



fidentiaX



Etherisc



Aigang







AkinovA




























Insurercore



Blocksure



ChainThat



SchemeServe





































= Offering
* = Pending

Adopting similar functionalities as iXledger are PPL, Xuber and fidentiaX. These three projects
have been categorised as iXledgers closest peers in providing insurance solutions.






22

8 Partnerships

We are in a strategic collaboration with one of the world's leading reinsurance companies, Gen
Re (a Berkshire Hathaway company). The aim of our partnership is to deliver transformative
insurance solutions amongst life and health clients of Gen Re in our insurance marketplace. This
project will initially focus on the UK, with the aim to expand to Europe, Asia and the US.
The insurance market is broad, and we are researching multiple use cases for the iXledger
platform. During Q2 and Q3 2017, our strategy has been to focus on internal operations rather
than expanding externally. In Q4, we have actively seeked to meet the market and spin diverse
collaboration opportunities which we currently can not disclose till a confirmation is made.
Going forward, external focus is our priority during Q4 2017 and Q1 2018 (See page 18)






23

9 Disclaimer
This content provided is for informational purposes only related to our approach of providing
insurance solutions based on blockchain technology. The information above may not be
exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. This document in no
way constitutes the provision of investment or professional advisory. iXledger does not
guarantee, and accept legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy,
reliability, or completeness of any material contained in this document. Participants and potential
IXT token holders should seek appropriate independent advice prior to relying on or entering
into any commitment or transaction based on the information provided in the whitepaper, which
is for reference only. This paper outlines iXledgers current vision for the platform and we intend
to realize this vision, however, our vision is dependent on numerous factors and it is entirely
possible that the platform will not be implemented as outlined in this paper. The platform and its
tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This whitepaper does not
constitute a prospectus or offer document in any form and is not intended to constitute an offer of
securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. IXT tokens are
functional utility smart contracts within the iXledger platform and memberships are not for
speculative investment. There is no promise of future performance, or promise of inherent value,
or promise of continuing payments and no guarantee that IXT token will hold any particular
value.






24

10 References
[1] Allianz - Global insurance markets
URL:
https://www.allianz.com/en/economic_research/publications/working_papers/insurance_markets/
GVM 260416e/
[2] Association of British Insurers, Keyfact 2016 : UK Insurance and Long Term Savings,
Key Facts
URL:
https://www.abi.org.uk/globalassets/sitecore/files/documents/publications/public/2016/keyfacts/k
eyfacts2016.pdf
[3&4] Insurers search for growth, by Clyde & Co
URL: https://www.clydeco.com/uploads/Files/J368471_Search_Growth_Booklet_V3.pdf
[5] New real-time, blockchain-enabled platform to secure and streamline the marine
insurance process, by EY
URL: http://www.ey.com/gl/en/industries/financial-services/insurance/ey-blockchain-marine
[6] KPMG: Will on-demand insurance become mainstream?
URL:
https://home.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/uk/pdf/2017/09/will-on-demand-insurance-become-main
stream.pdf
[7] Future Trends. A Seismic Shift Underway: How people, technology and market boundary
trends are shifting the insurance industry
URL:
http://www.project-consult.de/files/Majesco__Future_Trends__A_Seismic_Shift_Underway_2016.p
df

[8] Insurance Post: Insurance Census 2017: Face of insurance.
URL:
https://www.postonline.co.uk/insurer/2481654/insurance-census-2017-face-of-insurance#disqus_
thread
[9&10] PwC Global: Insurance 2020. The digital prise - taking customer connection to a new
level.
URL:
https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/industries/financial-services/insurance/publications/digital-non-life.html

25

KyberNetwork
A trustless decentralized exchange and payment service
Loi Luu , Yaron Velner
[loiluu, yaron]@kyber.network
(v0.8, updated on 27 August, 2017)

Abstract. We design and build KyberNetwork, an on-chain protocol which allows instant

exchange and conversion of digital assets (e.g. crypto tokens) and cryptocurrencies (e.g. Ether,
Bitcoin, ZCash) with high liquidity. KyberNetwork will be the first system that implements several
ideal operating properties of an exchange including trustless, decentralized execution, instant
trade and high liquidity. Besides serving as an exchange, KyberNetwork also provides payment
APIs that will allow Ethereum accounts to easily receive payments from any crypto tokens. As
an example, any merchant can now use KyberNetwork APIs to allow users to pay in any crypto
tokens, but the merchant will receive payments in Ether (ETH) or other preferred tokens.
Although running on the Ethereum network, KyberNetworks roadmap includes supporting
cross-chain trades between different cryptocurrencies using relays and future protocols like
Polkadot and Cosmos. Ethereum accounts will be able to safely receive payment from Bitcoin,
ZCash and other cryptocurrencies via our payment APIs, through this trustless payment service.
Derivatives will be introduced to mitigate the exposure to the risk of volatilities for the users of
KyberNetwork Crystals (KNC) and selected cryptocurrencies. This will allow users to participate
in the price movements synthetically.

1

Table of contents
1. Introduction

1.1. Motivation

1.1.1. Risk of centralization

1.1.2. Lack of instant exchanges

1.1.3. Problem of existing decentralized exchanges
1.1.4. The problem of having many digital assets

1.2. The KyberNetwork
2. KyberNetworks Design

2.1. Actors in the KyberNetwork
2.2. Dynamic Reserve Pool

2.3. Main System Components
2.4. KyberNetwork APIs
2.4.1. User API

2.4.2. Reserve Contributor API
2.4.3. Reserve Manager API

2.4.4. KyberNetwork Operator API

2.5. Support trustless trading cross-chain
3. System Properties

3.1. Trustless and secure
3.2. Instant trade

3.3. On-chain exchange
3.4. Compatibility

3.5. Comparison to existing systems
4. Applications

4.1. Instant and secure exchange

4.2. Generic payment APIs with any token

4.3. Trusted on-chain source for rate quotes
4.4. Mitigate the risks of price fluctuations
4.5. Forwards
4.6. Options
5. Road map

5.1. Phase 0: Testnet deployment

5.2. Phase 1: Basic mainnet deployment

5.3. Phase 2: Supporting arbitrary pairs of tokens

5.4. Phase 3: Trading advanced financial instruments
5.5. Phase 4: Support cross-chain trades

2

6. Crowdsale and the KyberNetwork Crystal
6.1. Use of tokens

7. Acknowledgement
8. The team

8.1. Core members
8.2. Advisors

3

1. Introduction

Emerging cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and others have been gaining tractions of
late because they allow users to transact, manage their digital assets in a decentralized and
trustless model without relying on a third party. More interestingly, Ethereum network, with its
turing complete scripting language and trustless smart contracts, makes its easier for people to
issue and digitalize their own crypto tokens which either represents some real-world asset (e.g.
Digix Gold token) or has values in some platform (GolemNetwork token, Gnosis token, Augur
token and so on). To date, the total market capitalization of the most popular cryptocurrency
assets is 72 Billion USD1. This total market cap has tripled in the last 5 months and is still
growing.

1.1. Motivation
1.1.1. Risk of centralization

As the Blockchain market grows and more crypto assets are being introduced, the need to
convert and exchange between crypto tokens is ever increasing. The trade volume between, for
example, ETH and Bitcoin is worth hundreds of million of dollars per day on major exchanges.
The total trade volume between ETH and other crypto tokens on its network, most of which are
less than 2 years-old, is also in the order of millions of dollars. However, despite the
decentralized and trustless natures of cryptocurrencies and crypto tokens, most of the trades
happening on centralized exchanges are vulnerable to internal fraud and external hacking. This
is an ongoing concern and a number of hacking incidents has been reported at various
exchanges2 affecting thousands of users and loss of hundreds of million of dollars.

1.1.2. Lack of instant exchanges

Existing exchanges, including centralized and decentralized ones, often require user to wait for
several minutes before allowing them to withdraw their funds.

1.1.3. Problem of existing decentralized exchanges

The quests to build decentralized exchanges have been initiated by several parties on the
Ethereum network3. Although these parties build decentralized and trustless exchanges, they
are still vulnerable to external manipulation since there is a delay when an order is created and
when it is accepted in a block (read more here).
 https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/
 For example, M
 tGox, Bitfinex, Shapeshift.
3
 See 0
 xProject, OasisIndex and EtherDelta.
1
2

4

There are other possible reasons that existing decentralized exchanges are not as popular as
expected despite having better security features. These exchanges keep an orderbook of users
on the chain. As a result, adjustment or cancellation of bid orders can be expensive to regular
users. Repeated revisions of orders will compound the issues as the cost will escalate until a
match between buy and sell order is found.
Some exchanges4 hope to resolve this issue by making the price discovery and negotiation
process done offline via intermediate parties. A trade is done on-chain only after the two parties
have agreed on the rate. This raises the issues of trust in the role of the intermediate party in
finding the best counterparty for the trade. We also note that no-fees orders are susceptible to
adversarial sybil or denial-of-service attacks.

1.1.4. The problem of having many digital assets

As the number of ICOs increases, so does the introduction of new crypto tokens. It is logical to
assume that investors will acquire a variety of desired crypto tokens as part of their investment
strategy. The convertibility of one crypto token to another represents a new challenge for both
investors and operators alike. For example, it may be a challenge for any party to allow an
already deployed contract to accept new crypto tokens as a form of payment.
It also introduces more room for implementation bugs and security flaws. As an example,
recently, in the DAO Token ICO, there was a major bug that distributed more tokens to SNGLS
contributors than to ETH contributors, although they contributed the same amount. Thus, there
is a need to simplify the payment procedure for both token holders, merchants and users in the
network.

1.2. The KyberNetwork
We introduce KyberNetwork, an on-chain decentralized exchange providing several useful
applications, including building a practical exchange and providing payment APIs for merchants
and users to instantly convert tokens effortlessly and trustlessly. There is no orderbook. Users
will know the conversion rate before sending the transaction and receive the corresponding
amount. Users dont pay any extra fees (other than the gas fees for the transaction).
KyberNetwork benefits through pricing a reasonable spread in the conversion rate.
Our users can also send their existing token A, by converting to a different type of token B and
sending it to another user, who only accepts payment in B all in one transaction. More
interestingly, KyberNetwork introduces a new standard contract wallet to allow existing
contracts, which only accepts few tokens, to receive payments from any future tokens without

4

 Swap.tech and 0xproject

5

any modification to the contract code. This allows contracts or merchants to access to a wider
class of users, receives payments and contributions in any tokens that KyberNetwork supports.
KyberNetworks design has several novel constructions to support all these applications.
 Instead of maintaining a global order book, we maintain a reserve warehouse which
holds an appropriate amount of crypto tokens for purposes of maintaining exchange
liquidity. The reserve is directly controlled by the Kyber contract, and the contract has a
conversion rate for each exchange pair of tokens by fetching from all the reserves. The
rates are frequently updated by the reserve managers, and Kyber contract will select the
best rate for the users. When a request to convert from token A to token B arrives, the
Kyber contract checks if the correct amount of token A has been credited to the contract,
then sends the corresponding amount of token B to the senders specified address. The
amount of token A, after the fees, is credited to the reserve that provides the token B.
 We introduce a new standard contract wallet to enable some of our interesting
applications. Specifically, our new standard contract wallet allows the Kyber contract to
send a users newly converted tokens to his/ her destination address on the users
behalf. The destination address will receive the converted tokens as if the tokens were
sent from the sender, not the Kyber contract.
 Our long-term plan also includes employing future features of the EVM language to build
an efficient ZCash-Relay on Ethereum. A ZCash-Relay on Ethereum will allow us to
support cross-chain trades between ETH and ZEC. We also leverage future platforms
like Polkadot and Cosmos to enable more cross-chain trading and payments.
 The Kyber contract is designed with extensibility-focus which has well modularized
components. Specifically, we allow dynamically adding any new tokens or delisting
existing tokens. Thus, we are able to work with any tokens or digital assets in the future.

2. KyberNetworks Design
2.1. Actors in the KyberNetwork
There are 5 roles for the actors in the network:
1. Users who send and receive token5 to and from the network. Users in KyberNetwork
includes individual users, smart contract accounts and merchants.
2. A reserve entity(ies) provides liquidity to the platform. This can be our own reserve or
other third party reserves that are registered by other market makers. Reserves can also
be classified into public and private reserves which do and do not take contributions from
the public.
3. Reserve contributors who provide capital to the reserve entity and share the platform
profit. This actor only exists in public reserves which accept contributions from public to
build up the reserve.
5

 For the rest of this paper a token also refers to the Ether currency.

6

4. Reserve manager who maintains the reserve, determines exchange rates and feeds the
rates to the KyberNetwork.
5. KyberNetwork operator who is responsible to add and remove reserve entities, list/delist
pairs of tokens in the network. Initially the Kyber team will act as the KyberNetwork
operators to bootstrap the platform in the early phases. Later on, a proper decentralized
governance will be set up to take over the task.
Each of the actors interacts with the smart contract independently in a different way. The users
send and receive tokens within a single transaction, without waiting for any response from the
reserve or the KyberNetwork operator. The KyberNetwork operator is responsible for adding
and removing reserves, while the reserve manager determines and feeds the exchange rates to
the contract for a fixed period (several seconds basis). The main contract relies on the reserve
entity to guarantee high liquidity.
The diagram below illustrates the interaction of each of the actors.

2.2. Dynamic Reserve Pool
KyberNetwork guarantees high liquidity by leveraging the existing reserves in the network.
Different reserves are directly managed by different reserve managers, which may and may not
be associated to KyberNetwork operator. KyberNetwork allows multiple reserves to co-exist to
enable better prices (by eliminating monopoly of reserve), guarantee better liquidity (by utilising
7

other sources). Furthermore, allowing different people, apart from KyberNetwork operator, to
manage their own reserves permits KyberNetwork to support low-trading-volume tokens by
off-loading the management efforts of those tokens to corresponding reserve managers. Thus,
different parties who wish to take the risk of trading/ converting low-trading-volume tokens can
create their own reserve of those tokens and register with KyberNetwork. Note that
KyberNetwork does not hold any funds of the reserves that register with it. Their funds are
stored on their reserve contracts which will follow KyberNetwork ground principles.
When a trade/ conversion request arrives, KyberNetwork will fetch the conversion rates from all
reserves that can process the request. KyberNetwork then selects the best rates and executes
the request. We guarantee that both the reserves and the users are safe, namely we do not
keep any partys funds and all transactions are atomic.
We note that when we launch KyberNetwork, it is likely to have only a single reserve provided
by us in the network. This reserve will be the main source of liquidity for the system before other
reserves are registered.
Why other reserves should join KyberNetwork? KyberNetwork creates a platform for reserve
managers to monetize their otherwise idle assets. By serving trade requests from users,
reserves earn profit from the spread, which they can decide on their own. Of course the
reserves can always do the trading without joining KyberNetwork, however they will get higher
volume due to network effects in KyberNetwork. We will bring more users to KyberNetwork by
having collaborations with wallet providers and other token projects.
In addition, KyberNetwork also provides a reserve dashboard software to help reserve
managers manage their reserve portfolio. The reserve dashboard will include standard and
popular trading algorithms/ strategies to allow reserve managers to automatically make prices
and rebalance their portfolio. Our reserve dashboard is flexible enough that reserve managers
can always implement and deploy their own strategies when and where they see fit.
How to keep the reserves safe? The security of reserves becomes a major concern in
KyberNetwork, especially for public reserves that take contributions from other members in the
network. One of the primary concerns is that a bad/unethical reserve manager may quote and
trade bad prices to him/herself to drain all coins from the reserve.
Let us categorize the reserves into two types: (1) private reserves which do not accept
contributions and (2) public reserves which take external contributions and share profits with
contributors. Whilst still a valid concern, if reserve managers of private reserves follow good
security practices, the risk exposure of private reserves can be confined to an acceptable range,
especially since the reserves are handled locally and other parties cannot interfere without
permission. On the other hand, public reserves are subject to greater risk exposure due to its
open nature. To mitigate the security risks of public reserves, we will employ a transparent fund
management model, for example MelonFund (developed by MelonPort), so that contributors of
the reserve can track all trading activities done by reserve managers. On top of that, we also
plan to introduce restrictions to protect open reserves. For example, the funds of the reserves
8

can only be transferred to predefined addresses in the contracts, such as the reserve contract
itself, and other exchanges that the reserves interact with. Hence, the risk of unwarranted
extraction of funds out of the system is removed. Also, to prevent reserve managers from
deliberately setting up false and unreasonable exchange rates, e.g. one million Golem Network
Token (GNT) per Ether when the spot rate is only five hundred GNT to one Ether, just so that
the manager can buy GNTs at a cheap price, we employ both on-chain mechanisms (e.g.,
prevent unreasonable changes in price without special authorization) and by off-chain
mechanisms. For example, a background monitor that will halt transactions when the system
detects dubious activities that undermine the integrity of the network can watch and flag out
suspicious behaviours from any reserve manager in the network.

2.3. Main System Components
KyberNetwork consists of the following major components in its system.
 Smart contracts: KyberNetwork contains several contracts, including the main contract
which serves as the main entrance to the system for users and reserve managers. We
also have different contracts to maintain the reserves, and a contract wallet which
provides convenient interface to all features that Kyber supports.
 Users wallet: Wallet apps with friendly interfaces to support users. Integrations with
existing wallet apps like Status, Token, Metamask and so on will help improve the
adoption of KyberNetwork.
 Reserve manager portal: aids the management of the reserve by displaying their
performance, network stats, supporting different strategies and algorithms to make
prices/ rebalance. Reserve managers interact with the network (or the Kyber contract)
via this portal.
 Operator dashboard: Helps KyberNetwork operator manage the entire system. Operator
can add and remove new reserves, change network parameters via this dashboard.
A minimum-viable-product has been released in August 2017. The readers can find more details
in our release blog post 6 .

2.4. KyberNetwork APIs
KyberNetwork supports different API commands for users, reserve and reserve contributors.

2.4.1. User API

User API can be called by any Ethereum account, including normal account and contract ones.
Transfer( amount, source tokens, destination token name, destination address)
Transfer function converts amount of source tokens (token A) to destination tokens (token B)
and sends type B tokens to destination address. For example, users can call
6

 https://blog.kyber.network/kybernetwork-mvp-release-e8440a79346f

9

 Transfer( 100, DGD, Melon, 0xb794f5ea0ba39494ce839613fffba74279579268)
to convert 100 DigixDao tokens to Melonport tokens and transfer all converted Melonport tokens
to 0xb794f5ea0ba39494ce839613fffba74279579268.
GetExchangeRate( token A, token B)
Returns the conversion rate between token A and token B. In the future we can support different
exchange rates for different trade volumes.

2.4.2. Reserve Contributor API

Reserve Contributor APIs can be called by any account in the Ethereum network, though some
API only works if the account already contributed. There will be two different reserve types in
KyberNetwork: private ones which do not take public contributions and public ones which allow
others to contribute funds. The APIs for public reserves highly resemble ones from MelonFund
(decentralized hedge fund platform built by MelonPort). Here we list the main ones.
ContributeReserve(token type, amount)
Contribute some amount of tokens of a certain token type to the reserve. For every contribution,
the contributor will receive some amount of reserve tokens/ shares to represent their
contribution to the platform. We refer the readers to Melonports greenpaper for more technical
details.
WithdrawProfits()
Profits are distributed proportionally to the contributions of the contributors. The exact formula to
distribute the platform profits will depend on the implementation of the reserve.
WithdrawContribution(KNC amount, token type)
An existing contributor can withdraw their contribution from the reserve. The contributor can
specify in which token type that he wishes to receive for his withdrawn contribution, we do the
conversion in the background.

2.4.3. Reserve Manager API

SetRate( token A , token B, rate)
To set a conversion rate between an existing pair of token A and token B. In the real
deployment, this API will be replaced by a different API which updates the rates of all existing
pairs in one transaction. The purpose of batch-update is mainly to reduce the gas cost.

2.4.4. KyberNetwork Operator API
ListPair (token A, token B, initial rate)
To introduce a new pair of tokens that KyberNetwork supports.
10

DelistPair (token A, token B)
To stop accepting trade between a pair of tokens.
AddReserve (reserveAddress)
Add a new reserve to the network. The reserve is managed by its own manager.
RemoveReserve (reserveAddress)
Remove an existing reserve from KyberNetwork. The removal is due to low liquidity, bad price
and other reasons.

2.5. Support trustless trading cross-chain
Chain relays, e.g. BTCRlay, enables communication between different blockchains. The
launches of protocols like Polkadot and Cosmos will make cross-chain interactions even easier.
KyberNetwork will leverage these technologies to allow Ethereum accounts to receive payments
from different cryptocurrencies.

3. System Properties
3.1. Trustless and secure
The KyberNetwork operator does not hold the tokens of the users. Hence, by design, users
tokens are secured from theft losses. Users need not trust the intentions of the reserve entity
and the KNC token holders, as the integrity of the operator is enforced/ensured by the smart
contract.

3.2. Instant trade
An exchange or convert request is executed immediately within a single transaction. Users get
their exchanged token at the exact moment they transferred their original token. No deposit or
confirmation or waiting time is needed. This efficient and user friendly feature distinguishes
KyberNetwork from most other existing and future exchanges.

3.3. On-chain exchange
The exchange runs on chain and is accessible for all accounts, including normal accounts and
smart contracts. That allows smart contracts to directly interact with the exchange without a third
party intervention to receive funds/ payments from different tokens that they do not support

11

originally. This feature enables usKyberNetwork to be an on-chain proxy payment platform for
all accounts, including normal accounts and smart contracts.

3.4. Compatibility
KyberNetwork does not require any modification in the underlying protocol of Ethereum and
existing smart contracts to function. Our payment API can communicate with existing contracts
without any change on their side.
That said, we also introduce a new contract wallet that holds all user Ether and tokens. The
wallet allows the user to pay with token A to a contract that expects token B, where the
conversion from A to B is seamlessly done by the KyberNetwork. The receiver will receive the
payment as if it was sent by the original user.

3.5. Comparison to existing systems
We compare KyberNetwork to existing systems in the table below. We left out Bancor
intentionally as they claim (from our private conversation) to be a platform that focus on
community tokens, rather than general purpose exchange.
Exchange

Trading
Cost 7

Trustless

Instant
Trades

On-chain

Guaranteed
Liquidity

SecureAgainst
Attacks

Kraken/Poloniex

Low

No

No

No

Yes

No

Shapeshift

Low

No

Yes

No

Yes

No

Coinbase

Low

No

Yes

No

Yes

No

EtherDelta
Oasis Index

High

Yes

No

Yes

No

Yes

Swap.tech
0xProject

Low
Low

Somewh- No
at8

Hybrid

No

Not sure9

KyberNetwork

Low

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

 Cost to execute a trade, apart from the trading fees.
 Users need to trust the relays to match them the best counterparties
9
 Attackers can create fake orders without any cost. No guarantee that a trade can be settled.
7
8

12

4. Applications
4.1. Instant and secure exchange
First and foremost, KyberNetwork is an exchange. Unlike most exchanges, however,
KyberNetwork performs trade requests instantly. Moreover, KyberNetwork does not hold users
tokens, thus any theft or loss of tokens is prevented by design.
This contrasts sharply to most exchanges where confirmation time of several minutes is typically
needed. Any malfunction during that period could potentially result in inconvenience or in the
worst case scenario, loss of funds.

4.2. Generic payment APIs with any token
Conducting an exchange over a smart contract allows user to pay for any service or product
with any crypto token they prefer. The contract will provide instant conversion to Ether and
securely pay on behalf of the user to any contract he wishes. The figure below describes how a
user could participate in an ICO that accepts only Ether with any token. The entire process
occurs within a single transaction, and the KyberNetwork never has a possession on the user
tokens (neither token A nor token B).

4.3. Trusted on-chain source for rate quotes
KyberNetwork exchange rates are visible to other smart contracts. Hence, it enables the
implementation of advanced financial instruments such as swap contracts. The quotes provided
by KyberNetwork are secure as they reflect the real rates which are being used to trade
between pairs of tokens.

13

4.4. Mitigate the risks of price fluctuations
Due to the illiquidity of crypto assets, the exchange rates often seem too volatile due to irregular
demand and supply. This issue is aggravated further due to lack of parties that are willing to
warehouse crypto-assets. The lack of options means now that it is almost impossible for users
of crypto assets to hedge themselves for future requirements. The KyberNetwork will be
addressing this challenge by introducing derivatives in the forms of forwards and options to
provide more alternatives to users.

4.5. Forwards
A forward is a contract whereby parties agree to trade an asset at a later date at a price
specified in the present. One of the common problems as ICOs become mainstream is the need
for some users to convert between tokens, such as from Melon to ETH, in preparation to
participate in an upcoming ICO. The user could either acquire ETH at current market rate or
commit to a forward contract to negate the risk of the price fluctuations in the ETH as an viable
alternative.

4.6. Options
Options contracts allow users to hedge against adverse price movement for a fee called
premium. A call option gives the owner of the contract the right to purchase the crypto asset at
an agreed price. A put option is an opposite. The premium is calculated using the implied
volatility of the underlying crypto asset.
The user of crypto assets that need to prepare for a future purchase or sale commitments can
pay a premium to buy a call or put option. As an example, holders of iced tokens are able to
write call options to earn premiums while forgoing the upside of the price.

5. Road map

The road map of KyberNetwork includes several phases.

5.1. Phase 0: Testnet deployment

Est. delivery: August 2017
Develop an MVP version of our platform, including the KyberNetwork wallet, the main
KyberNetwork contract and our reserve dashboard. The purpose of this phase is to create a
basic and functional version of KyberNetwork with all the main functionalities and applications.
The MVP will be released publicly, and the related contracts will be deployed and tested on the
Ethereum testnet.
14

5.2. Phase 1: Basic mainnet deployment

Est. delivery: Q1 2018
We deploy the first version of KyberNetwork on the mainnet. We start off with supporting trades
and proxy payments between any tokens to and from Ether. It is likely that our reserve will be
the the main one that serves all the trades, though we plan to partner with big token holders and
other market makers to introduce their reserve in KyberNetwork. The tokens that we support will
be the popular tokens that have high demand and high trading volumes in the market.
We will also partner with wallet providers like MyEtherWallet, Status, Jaxx and others to
implement the core features of KyberNetwork. Since most users stay with their favourite wallet,
bringing our features to the wallets is the best way to increase the  adoption of KyberNetwork.

5.3. Phase 2: Supporting arbitrary pairs of tokens

Est. delivery: Q2 2018
This phase can be easily achieved following the smooth implementation of phase 1. By then,
we expect to have more reserves (i.e. market makers) to join KyberNetwork. The number of
supporting tokens will increase as we can get more reserves in our platform.
KyberNetwork will also work with other strategic partners to build APIs to allow users in their
platforms to efficiently withdraw tokens/ shared fees in prefered tokens. For example, many
platforms, projects are employing the fees sharing model in which token holders share all the
platform fees (which may be spread in many tokens) collected from platform users. Token
holders in these platforms may get their shared fees in, for example, ETH seamlessly via
KyberNetwork if these platforms use our related APIs.

5.4. Phase 3: Trading advanced financial instruments

Est. delivery: Q4 2018
Once our development and operations stabilizes, we will deploy phase 3 of KyberNetwork, in
which we support trading advanced financial instruments as discussed in Section 4.
We plan to work with decentralized hedge fund platforms (e.g. provided by Melonport) that allow
people to invest in trustless hedge fund and get the profit share from efficient fund
managements. Our team needs to discuss, exchange and build APIs between the related
platforms to enable us to do what we aim to do in a secure way. Similarly, collaborations with
ICOs projects that have vesting schemes for their founders, advisors are also important.

5.5. Phase 4: Support cross-chain trades

Est. delivery: End 2018/ Early 2019
The deployment in this phase allows users to trade between Ether/ tokens to Bitcoin, ZCash,
ETC and so on. There are two ways to enable this goal: using chain relays (e.g. BTCRelay and
ZecRelay) or using interchain communication protocols (e.g. Cosmos, Polkadot). We will watch
15

the development of these protocols and relays closely to decide which solution will be employed
in KyberNetwork.

6. Crowdsale and the KyberNetwork Crystal

A fixed number of KyberNetwork Crystal tokens (KNC) will be distributed to the public in
exchange for Ether contribution. The details of how many KNC are distributed, and how the sale
is conducted will be publicly available in our blog posts and website.

6.1. Use of tokens
KyberNetwork Crystal (KNC) tokens are required for reserves to participate in the network and
to reward various parties who will help generate more trading activities in the platform.
KyberNetwork will rely on various partners, including both software and hardware wallets,
blockchain explorers, and on-chain smart contracts to direct users to the platform. These
partners will be paid in KNC for every trade that they introduce to KyberNetwork.
Before operating, KyberNetwork reserves need to pre-purchase and store KNC tokens. In every
trade, a small fraction (exact numbers are TBD) of the trade volume will be paid by the reserve
to KyberNetwork platform in KNC. This small fee represents the reserve's payment in return for
the right to be able to operate and earn profits from trading activities in KyberNetwork. The
collected KNC tokens from the fees, after paying for the operation expenses and to the
supporting partners, will be burned, i.e. taken out of circulation. The burning of tokens could
potentially increase the appreciation of the remaining KNC tokens as the total supply in
circulation reduces. In order to determine the network fees, the conversion rate between KNC
and ETH will be updated frequently to the Kyber contract by KNC operators, based on the
trading rates on various exchanges.
As an example, for a trade volume of 10 ETH with a 0.01% fee, a corresponding 0.001 ETH
worth of KNC will be paid by the chosen reserve to KyberNetwork as a fee for the use of the
reserve dashboard and access to network users. Suppose the rate of KNC at the trading time is
1 KNC for 0.1 ETH, the reserve needs to pay 0.01 KNC to the Kyber platform. The wallet/
website that helped the user initiate the trade will get, supposedly, 5% of the fees, or 0.0005
KNC. The remaining 95% of the fees, or 0.0095 KNC will be burned forever.
This approach would increase the demand of existing KNC tokens as the trading volume
happening on KyberNetwork increases. The approach also properly rewards all participants who
help grow the ecosystem. KNC token holders can easily track the total supply by reading from
the contract, without relying on any off-chain accounting firm.

16

7. Acknowledgement

We thank our advisors, namely Wong Lee Hong, Vitalik Buterin, Leng Hoe Lon, Prateek Saxena
and our friends, namely Tsun Ngai Lee, Stelian Balta, Reto Trinkler for their feedback on the
earlier version of this paper.

8. The team
8.1. Core members
1. Loi Luu
Loi Luu is a researcher working on cryptocurrencies, smart contract security and
distributed consensus algorithms. His research publications are available online, and he
is a regular invited speaker at Bitcoin and Ethereum workshops such as DevCon2,
EdCon, Scaling Bitcoin.
Loi believes in the force of the Ethereum and Blockchain technology. Much of his work
revolves around this community. He developed Oyente, the first open-source security
analyzer for Ethereum smart contracts. Next, he cofounded SmartPool, another open
source
project which embraces decentralization of mining pools in existing
cryptocurrency. He continues to champion decentralisation and trustless properties of
the Blockchain with KyberNetwork, taking inspiration and developing value for the
community.
2. Yaron Velner
Yaron Velner is a researcher and a co-founder of the SmartPool project. His research is
focused on aspects of game theory incentives in blockchain protocols and formal
verification of smart contracts. He holds a Phd in computer science from Tel Aviv
University. In his Phd thesis he investigated applications of game theory techniques to
formal verification of computer programs and systems.
Yaron is also an experienced software developer with over 10 years of experience as a
senior software engineer and a technical leader at EZchip semi-conductors (recently
acquired by Mellanox technologies). At EZchip he was a member in the data structure
and algorithm team, which developed novel data structures for IP routing.
3. Victor Tran
Victor Tran is a senior backend engineer and Linux system administrator. He has
experience in developing and building infrastructure for multiple social marketing
platforms and advertising networks. He is interested in building high performance
multi-platform applications.
17

Victor co-founded and was CTO of several startups in social marketing. He built and
maintained platforms which handled millions of monthly active users. Victor is currently
the lead engineer in the SmartPool project.
4. Cuong Nguyen
Cuong is a senior web developer with several years building interesting web
applications. He recently spends most of his time on experimenting with various
blockchain platforms including Bitcoin, Ethereum and IBM's Fabric ledger.

8.2. Advisors
1. Wong Lee Hong
Wong Lee Hong career spans across various industries over 3 decades. He has
extensive distribution and business development experience in consumer electronic,
multimedia, computer gaming, internet and the banking sectors. The second half of his
career was spent developing the Internet Banking capability of a major financial
institution, venture capital activities in strategic startups and regulatory management
role, dealing with banking regulators in Asia in matters relating to banking technology
and operations. At present, he is a Blockchain enthusiast and investor.
2. Leng Hoe Lon
Leng Hoe Lon co-founded Shentilium with National University of Singapore, with the aim
of using the latest data-driven technology to drive business decisions and gain
competitive edge. He also co-founded TrackRecord Asia, with the vision that anyone can
learn to trade in the financial markets profitably within a professional risk management
framework. Prior to this, he held various positions in the financial industry including
Deutsche Bank (London and Singapore), JPMorgan (Singapore), ABN Amro
(Singapore). He was a Managing Director in Goldman Sachs Asia Macro Trading group
in HK and Asian FX trader in London. He was also CEO of Tudor Capital Singapore, a
global macro hedge fund.
3. Prateek Saxena
Prateek Saxena is a research professor in computer science at National University of
Singapore. He works on blockchains and computer security. His research has influenced
the design of browser platforms, web standards and app stores widely used today. He
has received several premier awards such as the MIT TR35 Asia.
4. Vitalik Buterin
Vitalik is the Founder and Chief Scientist of Ethereum. He is also both the Founder and a
writer for Bitcoin Magazine, a venture that marked the beginning of his career in crypto in
2011. He is interested in creating secure, efficient, and trustworthy systems and advises
a number of projects in the crypto space.
18

5. Pandia Jiang

Pandia is the founder of LinkTime and an organizer of several Ethereum workshops in China and
world wide. Pandia is an expert at building and managing community, providing crypto-business
advisory in China.

19

Vlad Cristian
Bucharest, Romania
April, 2017

MaskNetwork

A p2p decentralized social trading network

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!1

Introduction
MaskNetwork is a social trading network that rewards bloggers and traders for
their effort in creating content. The network allows users to trade any type of
asset such as stocks, currencies, cryptocurrencies, indices, or any other asset for
which a data feed is defined. Not only are users able to trade anonymously
but certain user categories are also rewarded by the network. The process by
which rewards are paid is automatically done every 24 hours, without external
or third party intervention.
MaskNetwork is new software. It was written from scratch in the past two years
and is not fork of an existing software. It aims to fully decentralize the retail
trading area, which has grown enormously in recent years, but which is overregulated and lacks transparency. It is and will always be open source.
MaskNetwork can be accessed through web nodes. A web node is a website
that allows you to access all MaskNetwork features like sending transactions or
securing addresses. A web node is the easiest method of using the network.
Running a web node is a great way to spread the word about MaskNetwork and
make money in the same time.

Retail trading market
There are two basic types of traders : retail and institutional. Retail traders,
often referred to as individual traders, buy or sell securities for personal account.
Institutional traders buy and sell securities for accounts they manage for a group
or institution. Pension funds, mutual fund families, insurance companies and
exchange traded funds (ETFs) are common institutional traders.
Prior to the development of online trading platforms in the late 90s, trading was
restricted to large financial institutions. It was the development of the internet,
trading software, and forex brokers allowing trading on margin that started the
growth of retail trading. In the last years, traders were able to trade spot
currencies or stocks with market makers on margin. This mean they needed to
put down only a small percentage of the trade size and can buy and sell
currencies in seconds.
Retail online trading has been promoted by some as an easy way to make
profits. As a result, the number of individual traders and brokers increased
steadily as did trading volumes.

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!2

At present there are hundreds of active brokers on the market while new
brokers and new traders are entering the market every month. Many of the new
traders do not have any trading experience and are attracted to misleading
advertisements promising quick profits with minimal effort. They dont
understand how damaging a large spread is for their future profits or how easy
they can be manipulated by brokers.
Conforming to BIS ( Bank for International Settlements), in 2013







Retail traders where predominantly male
Madian age is 35
There where 4 millions traders spread around the globe
1.4 million live in Europe
1.6 million live in Asia
Only 150.000 live in US

Why MaskNetwork ?
In all investments, there is a risk of investment fraud. This risk can increase
for online brokers where the investor does not have a personal relationship and
the broker may be located in a different jurisdiction. As we have mentioned
before, retail online trading has been promoted by some as an easy way to make
profits and has thus been the focus for a number of frauds. In response,
financial regulators in a number of countries have introduced permanent
restrictions and provided warnings about this type of trading as well as legal
actions against perpetrators.
As a result of regulatory framework and associated costs, brokers imposed
higher minimum fees / transaction sizes while all of them forced traders to
provide identification data like Photo IDs, proof of residence and so on.
These are the main problems faced by the retail trading market
 Lack of transparency of brokers. You can sell and buy hundreds of times
the EURUSD pair without knowing what's going on behind or how financially
stable your broker is. Brokers are still black boxes for end users.
 High fees (especially for trading shares)
 Minimum transaction sizes
 Maximum leverages imposed by regulators

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!3

 AML, KNY rules imposed on all traders
 Huge entry costs for new brokers.
 Inability of most European / Asian brokers to serve US customers (due to
regulation).

In the end regulation solved nothing. Retail trading market is not transparent, it
has high entry costs and in the last years became over-regulated. We believe
the retail trading market is the perfect candidate to be disrupted
and decentralized. And we think we have a solution.

MaskCoin
MaskCoin (MSK) is the cryptographic currency underlying the network. For
any service or transaction, users will pay a small fee in MaskCoin. The number
of coins is limited to 21,000,000 which will be slowly distributed to miners and
content creators.
Default Network Address
Unlike other networks like Bitcoin, where a small amount of coins is created
every day, in MaskNetwork all coins are created on the first block and stored in a
special address called Default Network Address (DNA). This address does
not have a private key and is entirely controlled by the software. Default
Network Address receives all user-paid fees and distributes rewards to miners
and creators every day.

Network Fees
As mentioned for any transaction / service, users will pay a fee. Fees are
essential to avoid spam attacks. Fees vary depending on the service used. Unlike
other systems, in MaskNetwork, fees do not go to miners but go to Default
Network Address. Miners will always be paid by network, not by users. Below
are some examples of fees
 Sending coins to another address - 0.1% of amount sent
 Sending assets to another address - 0.0001 MSK for every unit of asset sent

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!4

 Renting a name for your address - 0.0001 MSK / day
 Restricting recipients - 0.0001 MSK / day
On top of this, all addresses will pay a fee of 0.0001 MSK / day (~1440 blocks).
Empty addresses will be removed from the distributed ledger and will be
reincluded when they receive funds. This fee is essential to get rid of inactive
addresses holding very small quantities of MSK. As a general rule any
MaskNetwork address will pay 0.0365 MSK / year as a maintenance fee.

Distribution
Every year, the network uses 5% of undistributed coins to reward miners and
content creators. This means ~ 0.013% / day of the undistributed amount. The
maximum annual inflation rate is 5%. Because in the first years the
undistributed quantity will decrease every day, the rewards pool will be smaller
and smaller each day.
For example, block reward decreases 0.0001 MSK every two blocks.
Undistributed coins are held by Default Network Address. This address balance
will never reach 0 MSK because it will distribute fewer and fewer coins. Sooner
or later, the earnings of this address (from the fees) will be higher than the
rewards paid to users. There are 3 scenarios:
 The default address spends more coins that receives from fees - rewards
decrease each day

 The default address receives the same amount of coins it spends - the rewards
tend to remain unchanged
 The default address receives from fees more than it spends on rewards rewards tend to increase every day
In the long run, the revenue / spending of Default Network Address ratio will
tend to 1.
Initially, the default network address will hold 20.000.000 coins (1.000.000
reserved for ICO, bounties and the developers). In the first year, a maximum of
975.477 coins will be distributed. This quantity will gradually decrease, and in

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!5

2027 only 621.972 coins will be distributed. This is the extreme case where the
default address has no revenue. Depending on the revenue received, the
amounts distributed will be slightly higher. But never more than 5% of the
default network address balance will be distributed per year.
Below is a chart showing the maximum available supply of coins in the
next 10 years ( in case the default network address has no income which is
impossible ). In case fees amount become really high due to increased adoption
the total supply will tend to remain unchanged from year to year.
Maximum Available Supply (2017-2027)
9000000

6750000

4500000

2250000

0

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

2024

2025

2026

2027

Premine and the ICO
At block 0, 635.000 coins (3% of total number of coins) will be deposited in
ICO participants addresses / bounty participants / developers address. ICO will
be launched in June, 2017. The funds received will help the team develop the
project and MaskNetwork ecosystem in the following years. Our target is to sell
500.000 coins during ICO. All unsold coins will be deposited in
developers address. Also 10.000 coins will be used for bounties. Another
25.000 coins were distributed during the pre-sale held back in 2016. Developers
will receive 100.000 coins plus any unsold coins during ICO.
MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!6

Rewards distribution
There are two main categories of rewarded network users. The first category is
the miners that maintain network security (MaskNetwork uses an innovative
POW algorithm) and the second category is represented by content creators
such as bloggers, data feeds providers, asset issuers, and so on. Check below for a
detailed chart of distribution.
Miners are rewarded after each block created. The rest of the users are
rewarded every 1440 blocks (~ 24 hours). Payment of rewards is hard-coded in
the network code and is done automatically based on clear rules without any
outside intervention.
As mentioned above, multiple categories of users are rewarded. Except for
miners that are rewarded each block, the content is rewarded based on the votes
received from users.

Votes
Voters are heavily rewarded for curation. Voters usually receives 50% of content
reward. For example if a blog post receives 10 MSK in rewards, 5 MSK goes to
content owner and 5 MSK is distributed to voters (curators) that uprooted /
down voted the content.
Any address that holds at least 0.1 MSK can upvote or downvote content. The
power of voting is based on the MSK balance of the voted address and the time
of voting. After each vote, the address voting power decreases. The voting power
of the address is calculated by the formula

P=B/N
P = voting power
B = address balance in MSK and
N = the number of votes in the last 24 hours.
In case of Blog posts, comments or binary options the vote power decreases
0.07% / block from the time content is posted.

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!7

P = P-(0.07 * T * P/100)
P = voting power
T = number of blocks since the content was first created
Below is an example :
A blog post is posted at block 1000. An address holding 10 MSK that has no
votes in the last 24 hours up vote the content 10 blocks after posting (~ 10
minutes after posting). The vote power is 9.93 points. The same blog post is
voted at block 2000 (~16 hours after posting) by an address holding 500 coins
that already voted 4 other blog posts. The vote power will be only 30 points.
Even if the address has a balance x50 bigger than the initial vote, the time of
voting and the previous number of votes decreased the address voting
power.
Each category of content creators / miners have its own reward pool. Below is
a chart presenting rewards distribution by user type. Keep in mind that the
daily reward pool is 0.013% of Default Network Address. Because this
balance will decrease in the first years, the reward pool will be smaller and
smaller every single day.

Miners (25% to voters)
Comments (50% to voters)
Data Feeds Providers
Margin Market Owners

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

Bog Posts (50% to voters)
Assets Issuers
Binary Options (50% to voters)

!8

When and how content creators / miners are rewarded
Miners are rewarded after each block created. Miners' block reward drops with
~ 0.00000001 MSK on every two blocks mined. Miners will pay 25% of the
reward to voters. In MaskNetwork users can up vote / down vote miners.
Depending on the votes received, miners will work on a higher / lower difficulty.
Unlike other systems, in MaskNetwork, not all miners are working on the same
difficulty. If they are heavily down voted by stakeholders it will be more difficult
for them to mine new blocks. without equipment upgrades / more cash spent on
electricity. Miners reward pool is 30% of total reward pool.
Bloggers are rewarded every 1440 blocks (~ 24 hours) depending on the votes
they receive. The reward is shared with those who voted the post. Only 50% of
the prize will go to the person who created the post. Bloggers reward pool is
20% of total reward pool
Commentators also have a separate reward pool. Users can comment on blog
posts or other categories of content and can be up voted or down voted. Like
bloggers, they will receive 50% of the prize. The other half goes to voters.
Commentators reward pool is 10% of total reward pool.
Asset issuers will receive 5% of total reward pool. They will not split this
reward with voters. Users cant directly up vote an asset. The asset will be
automatically be up voted by an address when the address receives an asset.
Assets cant be down voted.
Data feed providers receive 10% of total daily reward pool. Data feed is a
mechanism for MaskNetwork users to receive updated data from data sources.
Based on data feeds, binary options or margin markets can be launched. When
a user buys a binary option or trade on a market based on a data feed, that data
feed gets an up vote from that address. This is how data feeds are rewarded.
Data feed owners dont split the reward with voters.
Binary options issuers receive 15% of daily reward pool. Rewards are
distributed every 1440 blocks. Like bloggers, option issuers will receive only
50% of the reward. The other half goes to voters.

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!9

Margin markets operators will receive 10% of daily reward pool. Over
MaskNetwork, margin markets allow users to trade on margin a specific asset.
Like binary options, margin markets are based on data feeds. In the real world
buying on margin is borrowing money from a broker to purchase stock. You can
think of it as a loan from your brokerage. Over MaskNetwork, a margin market
allows you to place leveraged bets against the market owner. Margin markets
prices are provided by data feeds. All your losses are market owner's gains and
vice versa. Not only that traders don't pay any interest but margin market
operators are rewarded by network every 24 hours for their effort and risk.
Margin markets operators dont split the reward with voters. You cant directly
up vote a margin market. The market will automatically be up voted when a
user place a leveraged position.

Basic network features
The network has two features layers. The first deals with basic operations like
transactions, addresses, messaging and so on. The second implements the
trading modules like data feeds, binary options or margin markets.

Addresses
A MaskNetwork address, or simply address, is an identifier of 108-212
alphanumeric characters, that represents a possible destination for a MaskCoin
or asset payment. Addresses can be generated at no cost by any user of
MaskNetwork using any web wallet. It is also possible to get a MaskCoin address
using an account at an exchange.
The most important aspect of MaskNetwork addresses is that an address is
actually the concatenation, in Base58 format, of the public key. That
means you can send encrypted messages / data to any address with no
additional info required even if the address was never used before. The built
in messaging system provides exactly this function of sending secure, encrypted
messages between addresses. See details below.
Creating addresses can be done without an Internet connection and does not
require any contact or registration with the MaskCoin network. It is possible to
create large batches of addresses offline using freely available software tools like
the official paper wallet generator. Generating batches of addresses is useful in
several scenarios, such as e-commerce websites where a unique pre-generated
address is dispensed to each customer who chooses a "pay with MaskCoin"
option.
MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!10

MaskNetwork addresses are case-sensitiveand should be copied and pasted using
the computer's clipboard wherever possible. If you hand-key a MaskNetwork
address, and each character is not transcribed exactly - including capitalization
the funds could never be recovered.
This is the reason the network provides and alias system, that allows users to
rent an address name like marry or casino and those who want to send others
funds can use this alias. Manually typing a raw network address is not
recommended.

Address Names (Aliases)
The Alias System is one of MaskNetwork simplest but most powerful features.
MaskNetwork Alias System essentially allows you to associate a name (up to
2-30 alphanumeric characters) to an address. This means that a long,
complicated or impossible-to-remember string of data like a network raw
address ID can be replaced by a shorter one.
The main advantage of this is the convenience it offers. You can use a single
word to represent something far more complex: your address details. Users can
rent an address name for 0.0001 MSK / day using any wallet in 3 clicks. The
fee is sent to default network address and is one of the network income streams.
Aliases can be rented on any period starting from 10 days. The alias will be
automatically removed from the distributed ledger when the expiration block is
mined. They behave just like internet domain names.
Aliases can be transferred to other addresses. Users can transfer them using any
web wallet. The costs are only 0.0001 MSK / transfer. This option makes it easy
to trade names with users who do not want to use the built-in address market.
The network also provides users with a decentralised p2p marketplace where
address names can be traded in a safe and risk-free. Users who want to sell an
address name can easily do it using any web wallet. The price is expressed in
MSK. Once a price is set, the offer for sale will be listed and potential buyers
can acquire the name in 2-3 clicks. Funds are transferred by the network from
the buyer to the former owner without any external intervention to escrower.
MaskNetwork address names market is the perfect example of a decentralized
p2p market where nobody knows anybody, but everyone can trade with zero
risks.
MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!11

Address Profiles
Users who want to provide more information about themselves or their
company have the possibility to set up a public profile. Address profiles are
exactly like facebook profiles. Users can provide contact information, a brief
description, a profile picture or other details.
Because these profiles are retained in the block chain, they are public by default.
The profile setting fee is 0.0001 MSK / day. An address can have only one
active profile.

Restricted recipients
Restricting recipients is one of the best ways to protect your funds. If this feature
is enabled, an address can only send funds to a maximum of 3 other predefined
addresses. Any other transfer will be declined by the network.
Restricting recipients can be done easily, using any web nodes. Once enabled,
the option can no longer be canceled. By linking these options to multiple
addresses, it is possible to create highly complex multi signature schemes. Those
are especially useful if used by companies or other organisations.
For example, address A could be set to send funds only to B and C addresses,
and B and C addresses only to D.
Enable this option is perfect in case the user operates on a public web node
where the operator has access to all private keys. Even if the owner of the node
owns the private key, it can only move funds to up to three addresses that also
belong to the address owner. In this way, the address owner can continue to
work (votes, writing articles, etc.) without the risk of losing their funds.

Transactions
A transaction is a transfer of MaskCoin / asset value that is broadcast to the
network and collected into blocks just like any other packet type. A transaction
moves funds or assets from an address to another.

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!12

Transactions may have only one source and one destination. Transactions with
multiple sources / recipients are not supported. Transactions are not encrypted,
so it is possible to browse and view every transaction ever collected into a block.
All transactions are visible in the block chain. Any web wallet includes a block
chain browser where every transaction included within the block chain can be
viewed in human-readable terms. This is useful for seeing the technical details
of transactions in action and for verifying payments.
If the transaction is denominated in MSK, the sender will pay a fee of 0.1%
the transacted value. The fee goes to the default network address and is the
main revenue source of the network. Transactions can also move assets
between addresses. If the transaction transfers an asset, then the fee will be
0.0001 MSK / asset transferred. The fee will also be paid by sender.
Asset issuers can specify a transfer fee and an address where this transfer
fee will be received. This transfer fee will be paid by the recipient of an asset
transaction. The fee is denominated in that asset and will be sent to the address
indicated by the asset issuer and not to the default network address. As a
general rule, default network address can only receive MSK. In case no
transfer fees are specified by issuer, the recipient will not pay anything.
In order to be able to receive an asset, users have to trust an asset first.
Trusting an asset is an easy process that can be made using a web wallet. Once
an asset is trusted, the user is able to receive transactions denominated in that
asset.
Every time a user receives an asset transactions the recipient address will up
vote the asset. Up votes are reset every 24 hours. Only one vote / asset / 24
hours is allowed. Based on those up votes the asset issuer will be rewarded at
the end of the day.
Messages can be attached to any MaskNetwork transaction, making
bookkeeping easy, as you can tag all your transactions with a description. Project
developers can use the Messaging system to embed machine-readable data
within an MaskNetwork transaction. This allows automated functions by
reading the data sent to you on the blockchain. All messages are securely
encrypted and only the receiver can decrypt it.

Escrow Transactions
Users can also send escrowed transactions where a trusted third party
securely holds buyer's coins in escrow until the terms of the sale are met and as
MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!13

a result the buyer or the escrow address release payment to the seller. Escrow
transactions are built-in the MaskNetwork protocol.
Sending an escrow transaction is a trivial process especially if all the parties
involved use a web wallet. All the sender has to do to initiate an escrow
transaction is to specify an escrow address. If such an address is specified, the
funds will leave the sender but will not reach the recipient.
The escrow address does not own the funds so the risk of fraud is completely
eliminated. Funds are blocked by the network for a maximum of one month,
until one party makes a decision.
 The sender can only release the funds to the recipient.
 The recipient may only remit the sender's funds back.
 The escrow address can release the funds to the recipient or remit the funds
back to the sender.
An escrow transaction costs 0.0030 MSK more than a regular one. When an
escrow transaction is initiated, all parties are informed and can make a decision
within 30 days. Decision means a signed package that once included in a block
will release the funds.

Messaging
The MaskNetwork Messaging system allows you to send and receive data on the
MaskNetwork Blockchain, thus allowing any network address holder to
communicate directly with any other addresses.All messages are securely
encrypted and only the receiver can decrypt it even if it traverse the whole
network. Because a MaskNetwork address is a Base64 coded public key, the
sender doesnt need additional info in order to send a message to an address
even if that address was never used before.
Sending a message can be done easily using any web wallet. Messages are
delivered instantly even if they were not included in a block. This makes it
possible in the future to create p2p encrypted instant messaging applications.
Sending a message cost 0.0001 MSK.

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!14

Blogs and comments
A blog is a frequently updated online personal journal or diary. It is a place to
express yourself to the world. A place to share your thoughts and your passions.
Really, its anything you want it to be. For our purposes well say that a blog is
your own website that you are going to update on an ongoing basis. Blog is a
short form for the word weblog and the two words are used interchangeably.
MaskNetwork allows users to create and manage their own anonymous blog. If
other users feel that a post is original and informative they can up vote it.
Depending on the number / strength of votes received every 24 hours, bloggers
are rewarded in MaskCoins.
20% of total daily reward pool is reserved for bloggers and voters. The reward is
shared with those who voted the post. Only 50% of the reward will be received
by blogger. The rest will be distributed to voters.
Users can also down vote a blog post. The total votes power a blog posts receives
is calculated using the formula

TVP=UP-DP
VP = votes power
UP = up votes power
DP = down votes power
The blog post will be rewarded depending on the total votes power received.
Both up voters and down voters are rewarded even if the down voters can
significantly reduce the reward amount.
Users can vote a blog post once every 1440 blocks. A blog post can be voted
multiple times by the same address while its online and visible and they can be
rewarded many days after initial publishing in case they receive enough votes.
Users can maintain their blog using the tools provided by web wallets. Posting a
blog post cost 0.0001 MSK / day. Users can publish a post blog for at least 30
days but may extend this period if they so wish. After this period expires, the
post is removed from the distributed ledger and cant be voted anymore.
Users can also comment on a post. Just like blog posts, comments can be up
voted / down voted and the authors rewarded. Commentators have their own
MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!15

reward pool. Every 1440 blocks (~24 hours) 10% of total daily reward pool is
used to reward comments. Commentators will split this reward with voters just
like bloggers do.

Follow / Unfollow
Following someone means you've chosen to subscribe to their MaskNetwork
updates. When you follow an address, every time they post a new blog post, it
will appear on your home timeline. Following an address costs 0.0001 MSK /
day. You can follow an unlimited number of addresses. If you think an addresss
post has become worthless, you can unfollow that address by paying a fee of
0.0001 MSK.
Just like any other action, following / unfollowing an address can be made using
a web wallet.

Advanced network features
Data feeds
Data feed is a mechanism for MaskNetwork users to receive updated data
from data sources. Data feeds could present the last price of a stock or the last
temperature recorder in London. There is no limit on what data feeds can
represent.
Any user can setup a new data feed. All they need is a reliable data source (a
web page for example) that will provide the data in a predefined format (read
the data feeds technical documentation for more info).
A data feed consists of several branches. Each branch presents the price of a
single external asset. For example, if you want to present the EURUSD price
and the GBPUSD price of the network, you will need to create a two-branch
data stream. A data stream can contain up to 1,000 branches. Setting a
branch costs 0.0001 MSK / day.
Once setup the wallet will query the data source every minute, grab the data,
format and broadcast the feed packet. Once included in a block, the nodes will
update the last prices accordingly. This process is fully automated with no
MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!16

user intervention. All you need to do is make sure the data source (web page) is
up to date and accessible over the web. The web wallet software will do the rest.
Based on votes received, data feeds are also rewarded by the network. The
most important difference from blog posts is that a data feed can not be
manually up voted / down voted. A data feed is up voted automatically when
a user buys a binary option or launch a transaction using a market that uses the
data stream. Also, data feeds operators do not share the rewards with voters.
Based on data feeds, binary options or margin markets can be launched.
Suppose an address (A) launches a binary option using a data feed (D). When an
address (B) will buy the binary option, it will automatically up vote the data
feed (D) used by the operator. Also, address A will up vote the data stream (D).
Data feeds can not be down voted.
Data feeds have their own reward pool consisting in 10% of total daily reward
pool and are rewarded every 1440 blocks (~24 hours).

User Issued Assets (UIA)
An asset is a digital token that can be transferred between addresses in the same
way that MaskCoins are transferred. The main difference between an user
issued asset and MaskCoin is that an asset is issued by a user and not by the
network as a whole.
MaskNetwork assets are a convenient way to represent anything fungible and
tradeable. An asset token could represent a bar of silver, a pizza redemption
coupon, a share in a company, even a portion of a portfolio of other assets. By
representing these things digitally on the blockchain, they can be publicly
verified and easily traded.
The MaskNetwork assets are based on theconcept of the colored coin.More
specifically, MaskNetwork assets are based on the ability of the blockchain to
recognise and therefore trace the origin of transactions involving a coin or a set
of coins which have been designated to represent any type of asset you can
imagine, whether digital (for example, stocks, bonds, smart property) or tangible
(for example, cars, houses, precious metals etc).
An asset is under the full control of the person who created it. Those who issue
assets can increase the available supply whenever they want. Assets issued by
MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!17

users do not have a limited amount. Once the asset is issued, the whole qty
belongs to the creator.
The value of an asset depends on issuer. For example, if someone issues an asset
representing 1 gram of virtual gold that can be bought or sold for 1 gr of real
gold, its value depends exclusively on the the person who issued it. If the issuer
disappears, or refuses to give you one gr. of real gold for 1 asset, the value of
that asset will become zero in no time.
Any user can issue his / her own asset. Issuing an asset can be done very easily
using a web wallet. The creator has to provide a few details such as asset name,
symbol, brief description and eventually a transfer fee.
The issuer may charge a transfer fee that will be paid by the beneficiary of an
asset transaction. The fee will be denominated in the asset and represents a
maximum of 5% of the amount received. The fee is sent to an address specified
by the issuer. For example if the transfer fee of asset TESTTE is 1%, and a user
receives 10 TESTTE, he / she will pay a fee of 0.1 TESTTE. The fee will be
transferred to an address owned by the issuer.
Assets issuers are also rewarded by the network. Each time a user sends assets to
another address, the asset will automatically be up voted by the sender. Based on
these votes, every 1440 blocks assets issuers will be rewarded by the network.
Assets have their own reward pool consisting of 5% of the daily reward pool.
Assets as well as data feeds can not be voted manually and can not be down
voted.
Assets can also be used as currency in binary options or margin markets if the
binary option or market has been set to use that asset.
An asset is identified by its symbol. The asset symbol is a 6-character string that
uniquely identifies an asset.
Like the other categories of content, assets are issued for a limited period that
can be extended. When this period expire the asset will be liquidated by
network. All asset balances will be deleted. The person who issues an asset will
have to pay a fee that is determined using the formula

F = Q * 0.0001
MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!18

F = fee
Q = Initial asset qty
Another difference from MaskCoins is that an asset can not be sent to an
address if the address does not trust the asset. We have introduced this rule to
limit spam. In order for an address to be able to receive an asset, the address
must first trust that asset. It is a simple process that can be done from the asset
presentation page.

Assets Exchange
The MaskNetwork Assets Exchange is a peer-to-peer exchange built directly
into the MaskNetwork software, allowing secure and fast decentralized trading
in MaskNetwork Assets. This eliminates the need to transfer assets or to put trust
in an outside agency or business, and as MaskNetwork Assets can be used to
represent literally anything (from Bitcoin to coffee beans) there are a wide range
of potential investments or trades to be made on the Asset Exchange.
The MaskNetwork Asset Exchange matches asset buyers and sellers, it worksin
a similar way to cryptocurrency exchanges. All asset exchange operations can be
accessed using a web wallet.
Any user can launch an asset exchange. An exchange is used to buy / sell an
asset for a currency. The currency may be MSK or another asset. Once
launched, users can start trading. Markets allow placing buy / sell orders as well
as a mechanism by which buy orders are matched with sales orders. Trading on
such a market does not involve fees, except for the transaction fees paid to the
asset issuer.
Because an asset exchange can be use to trade any asset for any other asset,
exchanges have to be manually created by users. Those exchanges are not
automatically created when an asset is issued. The fees for starting a new
exchange is 0.0001 MSK / day. Also, those who place buy / sell orders will pay
a MSK 0.0001 fee for their pending orders.

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!19

Binary Options
In the real world a binary option is a financial option in which the payoff is
either some fixed monetary amount or nothing at all. Writing binary options is
usually reserved for big traders / institutions.
MaskNetwork enables anyone to write their own, individual options. The
trader can not only choose the direction but also assign a payout and other
conditions. The created option is then broadcasted to the network. Traders can
buy entire option, or just a portion, which means better risk management for
every trader.
A binary option can be up voted manually but will also be automatically up
voted when a user buys a portion / the whole option. Binary option issuers will
split their reward with those who uprooted the option. A binary option can be
manually down voted.
You can look at binary options as a p2p bet where the initiator publishes the
conditions and provides a collateral from which buyers will be paid. The
collateral is blocked by the network, and the initiator no longer has access to
funds as long as the option is active.
Binary options are based on data feeds. If the price presented by the feed
meets the conditions imposed by the option, then the network closes the option
and pays the winners. Absolutely the entire process is managed by the network
and all the data is public. The risks for both the initiator and the buyer of an
option are zero.
To better understand how a binary option takes place, we'll describe the entire
process below. Suppose a user wants to launch an option that sounds like this:
"All those who buy this option will earn 100% of their investment if the
BTC / USD price reaches $ 2000 in the next 10 days. I agree to accept
buyers for 2 days."
1. First, the one who wants to launch an option chooses a reliable data feed that
provides the BTC / USD price.
2. Any wallet web allows users to launch a binary option. The user will set a
name, a small description, specify the data feed on which the option is based,
MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!20

indicate how long users can buy the option, and clearly set out the conditions
in which buyers win the option. It also specify how much buyers will earn and
set the collateral size. If he is right he will win all the amounts deposited
by the buyers. If he loses, he will pay the buyers the invested sums plus the
promised bonus, in our case 100% of buyers investments.
3. Once included in a block, the option becomes active. The network will
block the funds set as collateral. The option initiator has no control over the
option or the funds. Everything is in control of the network.
4. Those who want to buy the option can use any web wallet. If they think they
can win they can buy a piece or the whole option. In case a user decides to
buy, he/she will have to specify how much will allocate to this option. The
network will block those funds until the option ends. When the user buys the
option, his/her address will automatically up vote the option. Based on
those votes the option issuer will be rewarded. Users can also manually up vote
down vote the option. The vote power depends both on voter addresss balance
and time of voting as described in Blogs section.
5. Users can only buy an option within a number of blocks specified by
initiator. After this period expires, the network blocks any acquisition and will
check after each block if the conditions imposed by issuer are met. An option
can be cleared when the price presented by the data feed falls within the
conditions imposed by the option or when the expiration date is reached. In our
case, the option will be terminated if the BTC / USD price reaches $ 2000
or if 10 days pass without the price reaching that threshold.
6. If the BTC / USD price reaches $ 2000, the network will use the collateral
to pay buyers. If there are any free funds, they will be returned to the option
issuer.
7. If 10 days pass and the BTC / USD price does not reach $ 2000, then the
network will send all buyer money together with the colaterall to option issuer.
The entire process is carried out independently in conditions of maximum
transparency by the network software.
Another important aspect is that binary options can be set to accept MSK or
any other asset as a currency.

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!21

Margin Markets
Margin markets are a kind of decentralized virtual market that allows users to
trade any asset on margin. In the real world, trading on margin means
borrowing money from your broker to buy a stock and using your investment
as collateral. Usually investors will pay interest for borrowed money. Over
Mask Network, a margin market allows users to place leveraged bets against
the market owner. Margin markets prices are provided by data feeds. All your
losses are market owner's gains and vice versa. Not only that traders don't pay
any interest but margin market operators are rewarded by network every 24
hours.
Any user can start his own margin market. He/she only needs an initial capital
as collateral that will be blocked by the network as long as the market is
active. Market owners can close a margin market anytime they want. If there
are open positions, they will be automatically liquidated by the network
software.
Users can use any web wallet to inits
Margin market operators are also rewarded by the network. When a trader
initiate a position using a margin market, the address used to trade will
automatically up vote the market. Based on those votes, margin market
operators are rewarded every 1440 blocks. They dont split the reward with
voters. Margin markets reward pool is 10% of daily reward pool.

Consensus & Mining
Consensus
The consensus algorithm implemented by MaskNetwork is called Variable
Proof of Work (VPOW) and is derived from the classic POW used by Bitcoin
and hundreds of other clones.
A proof of work is a piece of data which is difficult (costly, time-consuming)
to produce but easy for others to verify and which satisfies certain requirements.
Producing a proof of work can be a random process with low probability so that
a lot of trial and error is required on average before a valid proof of work is
generated.

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!22

Bitcoin for example uses the hashcash proof of work system.
Hashcash proofs of work are used in Bitcoin for block generation. In order for a
block to be accepted by network participants, miners must complete a proof of
work which covers all of the data in the block. The difficulty of this work is
adjusted so as to limit the rate at which new blocks can be generated by the
network to one every 10 minutes. Due to the very low probability of successful
generation, this makes it unpredictable which worker computer in the network
will be able to generate the next block.
For a block to be valid it must hash to a value less than the current target; this
means that each block indicates that work has been done generating it.
Under Bitcoin consensus algorithm the current target is the same
for all miners. Under MaskNetwork VPOW, the target is higher or
lower depending on the votes a miner address received from stake
holders. Basically miners can be up voted / down voted just like
content is and depending on a miner popularity, the target at which
the miner works is bigger / lower.
A bigger target means less work for a miner to find a solution. The target for a
miner that has no votes is called default mining target and corresponds to
the highest difficulty. To better understand how VPOW works, let's take a few
examples. Lets suppose the default mining target is 1000 (mining targets are
usually much bigger numbers).
 A miner was not up voted. The has to find a nonce that after PX16 hashing
generates a number less than 1000.
 A miner was up voted by 5 addresses with a total power of 50. The miner has
to find a nonce that after PX16 hashing generates a number less than
50.000. Basically the miner will have to work on average 50 times less in order
to find a block than a miner who was not been voted at all.
 A miner was up voted by 10 addresses with a total power of 350 and down
voted by 3 addresses with a total power of 100. The miner has to find a nonce
that after PX16 hashing generates a number less than 250.000.
Any address holding at least 10 MSK can up vote / down vote miners. A vote
becomes active after ~200 blocks. Miners target levels are recalculated after
each block. Voting a miner implies a 0.1 MSK fee. The vote never expire but
it will be removed if the voter balance is less than 10 MSK.

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!23

The voting power decreases according to the number of votes given to miners
by the formula :

P=B/N
P = vote power
B = voter address balance in MSK
N = number of miners votes
Both miners and those who voted for it are rewarded by the network after each
block. Miners reward pool is the largest. 30% of the daily reward pool goes to
the miners. Miners will share rewards with their voters. Only 75% of the reward
is kept by the miner. The rest goes to the voters.

Hashing algorithm
The hash algorithm is called Polymorphic X16 (PX16) and was developed by
Vlad Cristian back in 2016. The algorithm represents an improvement of the
X11 algorithm implemented by Dash and other networks.
The first difference from X11 is the number of hash functions used. In PX16,
16 hash functions are used to verify POW nonce instead of 11. This is the list of
used hash functions used
Blake512, BMW512, CubeHash512, ECHO512, Fugue512,
Groestl512, Hamsi512, JH512, Keccak512, Luffa512, SHAvite512,
SIMD512, Shaba512, Skein512, SHA256, SHA512
Another important difference is that the algorithm changes after each block,
hence the name polymorphic. More specifically, in X11 the order of hash
functions is the same. In PX16, the hash function is different depending on the
previous block.
For example if the last block hash is
000012cb4ff317be3cd200329ab87625af83108643197603238b6244f0ef
e175
the POW check will be made based on formula

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!24

Hamsi512 (Hamsi512 (Hamsi512 (Hamsi512 (JH512 (Keccak512
(CubeHash512 (..( nonce )))))))))
Basically for each hexadecimal letter / number (there are 16 in total 0, 1, 2,
..a,b,c,d,e,f) a different hash function is linked. Because block hashes are
unique, the exact hashing algorithm used changes after each block and
its also unique.

Why Variable Proof of Work / Polymorphic X16
Variable Proof of Work / Polymorphic X16 was developed in order to
overcome some significant drawbacks associated with previously used
cryptocurrency mining algorithms / consensus such as SHA256 (Bitcoin) or
Script (Litecoin). The biggest of these drawbacks was the fact that electronics
companies had developed specialist hardware, called ASICs, for mining coins
which used the SHA-256 and Scrypt mining algorithms. This had the effect of
making the networks more centralized  controlled by a small group of powerful
miners, whereas the original vision for cryptocurrency was for ordinary users to
be able to take part in securing the network and earning rewards through
mining.
By designing the PX16 algorithm to be well suited to use with general purposes
CPU processors and commonly used GPU graphics cards, and by cycling
through many different algorithms in a different order after each block, rather
than using a single algorithm, it makes it difficult for manufacturers to develop
ASICs for coins which use this algorithm. Although it is possible that ASICs will
eventually be produced, PX16 coins are expected to remain ASIC-resistant for
at least the short and medium term future.
The use of 16 different algorithms also increases the security of coins using this
method against brute force attacks. Brute force attacks against coins, such as
Bitcoin, which use other algorithms are not currently possible, but may
conceivably be possible at some point in the future.
Mining centralization reducing network security, reduces the number of people
with a stake in running the netwok who naturally become its advocates, and may
increase the likelihood of mined coins being instantly dumped as businesses
need to cover costs and take profits whereas individuals may not have to.

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!25

Mining centralization is also serious problem because miners can not be held
accountable by shareholders. They 51% attack the network with no
shareholders consent.
The best example is Bitcoin block size debate where 100% is up to miners to
change the maximum block size and fork the network. Bitcoin holders are
completely ignored by miners. Under VPOW, that would not have been
possible.
Under the MaskNetwork algorithm (even if we talk about a POW consensus),
miners can be drastically penalized by shareholders. If they are down voted,
the difficulty they work on will explode and the number of blocks found will be
significantly lower. Also, the miner's revenues will be drastically reduced.
Since miners rely on hardware-intensive hardware (such as GPUs), a negative
vote on the part of shareholders may mean the death of miners business
due to the cost associated with maintaining equipment / income from mining.
Variable POW combined with PX16 significantly reduces the
chances of mining centralisation / minerss influence on the
network while preserving the security of a POW consensus.

Mining

MASKNETWORK WHITE PAPER

!26

Whitepaper
DATA INTEGRITY FOR SUPPLY CHAIN OPERATIONS,
POWERED BY BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY
modum.io sensor devices record environmental conditions while
physical products are in transit. When a change in ownership
occurs, the collected data is checked against a specific smart contract in the blockchain. This contract validates that the transaction
meets all of the standards set out by the sender, their clients, or the
regulator and triggers various actions: notifications to sender and
receiver, release of goods, payment, etc.

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

Copyright 2017 modum.io AG
Whitepaper V. 1.0

Contents
Blockchain for supply chains				

3

Strategy: Pharma first						
Strategy: Blockchain agnosticism				

3
3

Regulatory driven first application			

4

EU GDP regulation recently changed				
An efficient solution to meet regulations			

4
5

How it works							6
USPs of the modum system					

6

Technical details of the modum system		

7

Compliance-as-service business model 		

10

Only the beginning for modum.io			

10

First series								7
Shipment process							8
modum temperature loggers					9
Security concept				
			
9

For the last mile							10
Experienced team							11

Token Sale							12
Token economics							12
Milestones								
13
Voting principle and profit share process			
14
Early investor incentives 						14
Bug Bounty Program 						
15
Buying procedure							
15
Minting of MOD tokens						
15

Market segmentation and go to market		

16

From pilots to market entry				

17

Producer to wholesaler						16
Wholesaler distribution						16
Mail-order pharmacies						16
Pilot 1.0								17
Pilot 2.0								17
Paid Pilot 3.0 with 3PL and mail-order pharmacy		
18
Business and pricing strategy based on pilots			
19
Current status and go-to-market strategy			
19

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

2

Blockchain for supply chain
Blockchain for supply chains has become a prominent, and very promising application scenario for blockchains, enabling transparency between
untrusted partners and traceability throughout production processes.
The advantage of using blockchain technology in the supply chain is that it
provides an open, immutable, global, online ledger for transactions, which
includes a verification mechanism.
Recently, various start-ups (Chronicled, Everledger, Skuchain, Blockverify,
ubirch, Provenance etc.) and large corporate players (IBM, Microsoft,
Walmart, Maersk, BHP Billiton, etc.) have begun to run proof-of-concept
studies, committing significant R&D resources to building new platforms
and fostering international collaborations.

Strategy: Pharma first

In mid 2016, when modum.io began operations, only a few working blockchain infrastructures were available. modum.io opted to use blockchains
with proven industry applications. This decision allows the modum team
to focus on the development of the business case and to be able to stay
relatively neutral or agnostic with respect to the growing portfolio of
blockchain solutions.
modum.io chose the pharma industry as its first business case because
this sector requires highly automated and cost-effective logistics solutions, which guarantee data integrity. As the pharma industry has one
of the highest standards for product safety, security, and stability, it is
the ideal candidate to act as a blockchain-enabler; having successfully
proven a viable blockchain solution with the highest requirements, scaling
into other verticals is feasible.

Strategy: Blockchain
agnosticism

The general maturity of the Ethereum network and development stage
of Solidity validated modum.ios choice to use Ethereum for its pilots or
proof-of-concepts. While Ethereum remains one of the most cutting-edge
blockchains with great developer and commercial interest, modum.io
will stay open to other options for blockchain use in this rapidly changing
market.
In particular, requirements from our clients for permissioned blockchains
or systems with low or no transaction fees call for substantial flexibility and resources from modum.io in order to truly become and remain
blockchain agnostic. From a risk-perspective, social and technical uncertainties of blockchain infrastructures (governance, scalability, interoperability), make blockchain agnosticism an essential foundation of modums
business strategy in order to be able to provide the best infrastructure to
every customer.

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

3

Regulatory driven first application
EU GDP regulation recently changed
The first product of modum.io offers an efficient system to comply with
recently tightened regulatory requirements for the transport of medicinal
products for human use in the European Union. Chapter nine of the Good
Distribution Practice regulation (GDP 2013/C 343/01) now requires proof
that shipped medicinal products have not been exposed to conditions
(particularly temperature) that may have compromised their quality.1
National regulatory bodies enforce GDP regulations on the over 10,000
wholesale distribution authorization holders in the EU to ensure drug
safety, whereby the consequence of non-compliance can lead to licenses
being revoked.2 It is likely that regulation in the United States (draft chapter 1083: Good Distribution Practice) will follow in a similar direction.3
To date, pharmaceutical companies meet requirements via expensive,
temperature-stabilized trucks and containers from third-party logistics
providers (3PLs). For the majority of medicines (which are not temperature sensitive) this is excessive from a cost and regulatory perspective.

Figure 1: GDP 2013/C 343/01) Regulation.

1. https://ec.europa.eu/health//sites/health/files/files/eudralex/vol-1/2013_c343_01/2013_c343_01_en.pdf
2. estimate based on the list of WDA holders in Germany: https://www.pharmnet-bund.de/static/.content/.galleries/downloads/de/am-grosshaendler-namen-stand-201706.pdf
3. http://www.usp.org/sites/default/files/usp_pdf/EN/USPNF/revisions/c1083.pdf

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

4

An efficient solution to meet regulations
modum.io offers a more efficient supply chain solution, which enables
companies to prove compliance with GDP regulations using blockchain
and Internet-of-Things (IoT) technology. The modum solution allows significant cost savings for the distribution of medicinal products that do not
require active cooling. The modum solution is:

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

1.	
	

Designed for pharma standards with a calibrated tempera-		
ture sensor.

2.	

Automated to a high degree and fully wireless.

3.	
	

Easily integrated with existing customer systems, capable of 		
being rolled out painlessly, with no gateways.

4.	
	
	

Able to provide a high level of data integrity, authenticity, 		
independent verification, auditability, security, and flexible 		
data ownership.

5.	

A low-cost solution that allows mass use.

5

How it works
USPs of the modum system

Figure 2: Components of the modum system: dashboard, temperature loggers, and mobile application

modum.io has developed a system with the above design focus, leading
to the following features and USPs:
Before shipment occurs, the temperature logger ID, shipment ID, and
alarm criteria are fixed within a shipment-specific smart contract. Upon
receipt, this smart contract will allow receivers to check that regulations
have been met. The evaluation criteria (in this case temperature ranges),
cannot be changed retroactively. During the shipment, the temperature
is monitored, whereby the data is stored in the internal flash memory of
the logger. Using BLE (Bluetooth Low Energy) the shipment does not need
to be opened in order to perform the checks. At each change of ownership, data authenticity is certified by the smart contract. The results of the
evaluation are immutably stored in a blockchain as a proof-of-existence.
Depending on the outcome, the receiver and sender are notified immediately, allowing them to release the product or arrange further corrective
and preventative actions. Customers do not need to install additional
hardware to use the system, downloading a mobile application is sufficient.
For the customer, the modum system provides:

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

1. 	
	
	

A passive solution that includes a monitoring service with no
special packaging required, without the need for expensive,
active-temperature controlled logistic services.

2. 	
	

The proof required by GDP regulations that medical products 		
have not been compromised on shipment level.

6

Technical details of the modum system
First series
The following describes the state and components of the first series of the
modum system planned for production in Q4/2017.
The modum system is designed with a clear design focus on automation
and security. It consists of multiple hardware and software components.
	

A pharma-qualified temperature logger, which monitors the temperature during the transport. It communicates wirelessly to a mobile 		
application via BLE (Bluetooth Low Energy), alternatively, via NFC 		
(Near Field Communication).

	

The dashboard serves for preparation (e.g. setting alarm criteria) and 	
tracking of shipments, data visualization and analytics, and can be 	
used to perform statistical calculations on historical data, e.g. com-	
pare different shipments, with export functionality.

	

The mobile application can be used to pair the temperature log-		
gers with the respective shipments, initialize shipments and visualize
the recorded data.

	

The front end (dashboard, temperature logger and mobile application) communicate with back-ends HTTPS 	server via RestAPI/JSON.

	

The back end is for data retrieval, evaluation, verification and 	
storage. It also runs an Ethereum full node executing the respective 	
smart contract code.

BACK END

FRONT END
SERVER

PostgreSQL
DB Instance

HTTPS
Server

Rest API,
JSON

Dashboard

JSON
RPC
Near Field
Communication

Smart
Contract

Ethereum
Network

Ethereum
Node

Bluetooth
Low Energy
Mobile
Application

Temperature
Logger

Figure 3: Front end and back end of the modum system

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

7

Shipment process

Users will first set the temperature ranges (alarm criteria), measurement
intervals etc. using the dashboard. During the packing process, the operator scans the shipment information (e.g. tracking number), receives the
serial number of the temperature logger and places it in the corresponding package. This process can be accelerated in an industrial setting, using
NFC. In the back-end, a shipment-specific smart contract (already containing specific shipment parameters such as temperature range) is called.
The temperature measurement starts either immediately or after a predefined time. During transport, the logger can be queried for shipment,
current, and recent temperature data. Upon receipt, BLE can be used to
retrieve the shipment data, even without opening the package.
Compliance is checked in multiple stages and on multiple levels:
1.	
	
2.	
	
	
3.	
	
	
	

The logger itself signals occurrences of deviations to the operator 	
via its three LEDs.
The smartphone application displays data and deviations
submitted by the logger in a graphical way, even when the phone
is not connected to the internet.
Through the back-end the data is validated for authenticity and 	
compliance by the shipment-specific smart contract, without the 	
possibility of any party to interfere - whereby all information re-	
quired for validation is publically accessible.

For all outcomes, the smart contract stores the measurement hash, a yes/
no outcome with respect to the pre-set temperature range and a pointer
to the actual measurement data (e.g. the PostgreSQL or a customer database) in the blockchain as proof-of-existence. If a deviation has occurred,
the sender is notified and can review the corresponding measurement
and shipment data.

Figure 4: Shipment process of the modum system

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

8

modum temperature loggers
The specifications of the modum temperature logger (first series) can be found below:
Device Type

modum.io temperature logger TAG1

External Dimensions (LxWxH)

100 mm x 40 mm x 10 mm

External Display

3 LEDS: Active/Measuring/Warning

Weight

60 g

Warehouse Conditions (stand-by mode)

0 C to +30 C

Operating Temperature Range

-10 C to +70 C, arbitrary temperature ranges, alerts

Measurement Interval

1 second to 1 week (pre-dened), start after time delay

Temperature Accuracy (calibrated)

0.45 C between -40 C to +70 C

Temperature calibration valid for

1.5 years

Accelerometer

Range: 2g  16g, free fall and motion detection

Memory (RAM)

30 KB

Storage for Measuring Points

50,000 measurements

Protection Class

IP65

Battery Life

6 weeks (active), 1 year (passive, on-shelf)

Reactivation

Possible

Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE)

Bluetooth 5 w/ secure connections

Bluetooth Features

BLE API on BLE GATT layer updating rmware

NFC (Near Field Communication)

For fast initialization / pairing (automation)

Certications

CE, Temperature calibration, GMP, GAMP5

Specica(ons	 subject	 to	 change	 

Table 1: Technical specifications of the modum temperature logger

Figure 5: Rendering of the upcoming series of modum temperature loggers

Security concept

The modum temperature loggers must mitigate various risk- and attack scenarios.4 With potentially thousands of loggers in circulation there is a credible risk
that the hardware is subjected to physical disassembly, tampering, or manipulation of its firmware and flash memory. The housing itself is tamper-resistant
and water-proof. All components with a serial number (e.g. temperature sensor,
System-on-a-Chip) are registered in the authorized device database to identify
forged, tampered-with, and stolen loggers. The cryptographic co-processor
shields its secret keys (it uses to create digital signatures of all measurements,
timestamps, etc.) from decapping, probing, and fault attacks. The corresponding
public key of every logger is used by the system to guarantee end-to-end data
authenticity. Smart contracts used in the modum system are open source and
can be verified by anyone.5
Furthermore, the modum system provides customers with multiple levels of access control and permits only authorized users of sender- and receiver company
to interact with the temperature loggers.

4. See the upcoming security whitepaper at https://modum.io/modum_securitywhitepaper.pdf
5. https://github.com/modum-io/smartcontract/blob/master/TemperatureMeasurementA2.sol

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

9

Compliance-as-service business model
For the last mile

During modum.ios extensive proof-of-concept phase, pilot projects with
several customers have determined that the modum solution delivered
its highest value as a last-mile logistics service in the pharma supply chain.
As such, modum.io will offer its solution in a pay-per-shipment model.
The last mile of the pharma supply chain begins when finished products
leave the pharmaceutical production facility and ends when they arrive
at the pharmacy or hospital to be administered to the patient. Between
producer and pharmacy, the products typically move through a pharmaceutical wholesaler.6 In the EU, around 200 million of these shipments
occur each year.7

Only the beginning for modum.io
Our goal is to utilize the potential of a blockchain-based back-end for
supply chains. Most logistics companies have small margins and high
competition and therefore little possibilities to innovate if it does not save
costs  therefore we focus on providing significant cost reductions for our
customers in the pharma supply chain.
Once the blockchain is a proven, cost-saving part of a logistics supply
chain, additional use cases will be possible with almost no incremental
costs for our customers. Besides the obvious ones as trade finance, trade
documents and determination of legal handover, we are able to deliver
unique products by adding additional environmental sensors to our hardware. For example, motion sensors to detect whether fragile goods were
handled correctly, light detectors to immutably prove whether a parcel

Figure 6: The modum system overview

6. Nearly three-quarters of all medicinal [] are distributed through pharmaceutical full-line wholesalers. http://www.girp.eu/files/GIRP-IPF%20Study%202016.pdf
7. Number of minimum daily Wholesaler deliveries to Pharmacies across the EU27 multiplied by Number of retail and hospital pharmacies and dispensing doctors multiplied by working days.
http://eprints.lse.ac.uk/51051/1/Kanavos_pharmaceutical_distribution_chain_2007.pdf
http://www.girp.eu/files/GIRP-IPF%20Study%202016.pdf

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

10

was opened during its journey, and secure such an event with insurance
policies. Furthermore, humidity sensors to monitor the condition of raw
materials like salts for the pharmaceutical sector or hay for the transport
of specialized horse food. Those are just some of the use cases which
were already discussed with pilot and potential customers. Certainly,
many more use case, which have not been considered will follow.
By extrapolating some of the novel technologies described in this whitepaper we expect that Smart Logistics (or Supply Chain 4.0), will yield a role
reversal between the object to be transported and carrier: A selfdependent shipment could manage itself, i.e. autonomously optimize
for revenue, directly pay its fees to different service providers and cost
centers.

Experienced team

The modum team believes that technology is the answer to the worlds
most urgent problems. Our highly capable team combines a breadth of
competency and experience to serve our clientele and deliver a highquality solution.
	

Malik El Bay, has experience in building products in the fast-paced
startup environment. With two start-ups under his belt, he leads the
team and strategic growth of modum.io.

	

Dr. Stefan Weber, a physicist with industry and start-up experience. He
manages hardware development and compliance.

	

Sacha Uhlmann has a background in peer-to-peer systems and quality
assurance. He leads the system development and is the lead architect of
modum.

	

Simon Dssegger, a mechanical engineer who already exited his last
start-up creating autonomous flying drones to GoPro. He leads the product strategy and business development.

	

Andreas Knecht, is a lead engineer and IoT guru. He is responsible for
the hardware and firmware development.

	

Marc Heimgartner, Tim Strasser, Guilherme Sperb Machado,
Moritz Schneider and Sebastian Stephan are the core developers of
the modum system.

	

Michael Taylor and Ozan Polat spearhead the marketing and
communications team. They bring marketing experience from major
tech- and innovative startup environments.

	

Dr. Thomas Bocek is the resident blockchain expert, with a PhD in
decentralized and peer-to-peer systems.

	

Marc Degen, a blockchain investor, guides the modum.io team with
deep digitalization knowledge.

	

Werner Sprri, chairman and former investment banker, contributes
valuable financial and legal direction.

	

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

Pascal Degen, currently engaged as Head of Sterile Packaging at Novar-

11

tis, brings in-depth manufacturing knowledge from within the pharma
sector.
	

Michel Schaer, founded a Swiss-based pharmaceutical distributor and
provides insight regarding pharma wholesale and distribution.

Additionally, the modum.io team regularly consults with our advisors:
	

Prof. Dr. Burkhard Stiller (Communications Chair, University of Zurich)
whose main research interests are in blockchain, IP-based networks,
cloud and grid services, and the economics of IP services.

	

Prof. Dr. Erik Hofmann (Director of the Chair of Logistics Management,
University of St. Gallen) who wrote the book Supply Chain Finance and
Blockchain Technology.

	

MLaw Benedikt Schuppli, RA, is a legal counsel who works with the
Swiss Fintech company Lykke Corp, which is building a global marketplace based on blockchain technology.

	

Dr. Ing. Heinrich Zetlmayer (Member of the Board, Lykke Corp) is a
Board Member at Lykke Corp and advises on the business aspects of the
token sale, being a former IBM top executive in charge of big-scale supply chain implementation programs.

Furthermore, we are working together with external experts, specialists in
embedded systems and GDP-compliant transport validation implementations.

Token Sale

Token Economics

modum.io is a company with a real product, commercial traction, and
with major partnerships. Its token sale has been carefully crafted to relate
to the reliability of our service offering. The primary goal of the token sale
is to establish mechanisms for modum.io to efficiently execute its vision:
to improve supply chain operations with emerging technology and to
align the interest of token holders with the interests of the team. Therefore Lykke Corp. was chosen to advise on the token sale and all related
activities.

The modum token (MOD) is a profit share token with voting and profit
participation rights. The maximum total supply is 30 million tokens. 20.1
million are offered in the token sale, 0.9 are used to cover the token sale
costs and for the bug bounty program, and 9 million MOD are reserved
for modum.io, to be vested based on major milestones. Token holders will
vote to decide if the milestones are met and release the locked tokens.
Locked tokens do not have profit share nor voting rights. Ethereum ERC20
technology was used to build the MOD token. The code of the smart
contract and the tokensales application is open source8 and has been
reviewed by Lykke Corp and Consecom (a Swiss IT Security consultancy).

8. visit: http://github.com/modum-io

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

12

Figure 7: Token economics breakdown

Milestones

The funds collected in the token sale are used to meet predefined
milestones in our product roadmap as elaborated below. The mentioned
dates are earliest dates possible and no voting will take place before
the dates mentioned. The milestones provide todays view of the market
needs. Due to the fast-evolving nature of the blockchain ecosystem those
milestones are indicative, i.e. if a milestone needs to be changed, prior
acceptance of the change is required, therefore an additional voting is
conducted. In case of a negative voting, modum.io can reinitiate the voting process earliest 90 days after the end of a prior voting period, and no
milestones can be skipped by modum.io. We commit to these milestones
regardless of the outcome of the token sales and total funds collected.
Milestone 1  expected earliest October 22nd, 2017:
The objective is to ensure a proper minting and token distribution process
to release upon positive voting 900,000 tokens (3% of the maximum MOD
supply) to a wallet controlled by modum.io. The distribution is conducted
using the first in first out principle. All contributions are
consolidated into one list. The timestamp per block is used to define the
conversion rate to USD, which is then used to define the conversion rate
to MOD tokens. One contribution might be in multiple bonus tiers. This
process is supervised by our advisor Lykke Corp. The released tokens are
used for our advisors, many helping hands in the making of this tokensale
and the bug bounty program.
Milestone 2  expected earliest Q1/2018:
Objective is to ensure the go-to-market of our first product line including
the mass production of our dedicated sensor device and the product ecosystem (application, validation & qualification). At least two environmental sensors are integrated into the hardware platform (temperature and
motion) and besides Ethereum at least one of the following blockchains:
IOTA, NEO, Fabric, ETC or Rootstock, is supported as blockchain back-end.
3 million tokens are upon positive voting released to a wallet controlled
by modum.io.

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

13

Milestone 3  expected earliest Q1/2019:
Objective is to deliver the next sensor generation with real-time interaction
(via current or emerging network technologies, like LoRaWAN). At least one
additional environmental sensor is integrated (light or humidity) and any
two additional blockchain back-ends of the following: IOTA, NEO, Fabric,
ETC, Rootstock, Waves, Tezos, EOS or Cosmos, are supported. 3 million tokens are upon positive voting released to a wallet controlled by modum.io.
Milestone 4  expected earliest Q1/2020:
Objective is to deliver the next sensor generation with a real-time, on-chip
blockchain node. An additional environmental sensors (e.g. light or humidity) is integrated and the complete modum software is delivered in a
fully decentralized architecture. 3 million tokens are upon positive voting
released to a wallet controlled by modum.io.

Figure 8: Roadmap and first milestones

Voting & profit sharing

With the publishing of the annual report modum.io can claim whether or
not the present milestone was achieved. With the publishing of the report
the start date of the voting period is set. The voting period lasts for two
weeks. Every MOD token in circulation has one vote. Locked tokens cannot vote. The default vote is void. The quorum is defined by the number
of executed votes within the predefined timeline. A simple majority is
needed to decide if the milestone was met. If the milestone was met, the
defined number of tokens are released to the modum.io wallet.
The board of modum.io decides and declares the amount of dividends
when there is a profit. A payment equivalent to this amount is converted
to Ether and sent to the modum smart contract. The modum smart
contract evaluates the current holdings and distributes the profits to the
token holders in Ether. The voting and profit share smart contract is open
source

Early investor incentives

The token pre-sale will be conducted by invitation only. The pre-sale starts
in August and comes with a 50% discount on the price of 1 USD per MOD
token. The number of tokens sold at 50% discount is hard capped at 2.1
million tokens.
The public token sale starts on 1 September. The first 6 million MOD
tokens are sold with a discount of 30% on the price of 1 USD per MOD
token. The following 6 million are sold with a discount of 15%. The last 6
million are not discounted and sold for 1 USD per MOD token. Oversubscriptions of a bonus tier get allocated to the following tier. The estimated
current bonus tier is visible on the token website. The displayed amount
may change due to changing exchange rates and is therefore indicative.
Final bonus tier and token allocation is done post transaction. Oversubscriptions of the whole token sale are returned to the investors after the
closing of the token sales. (Refund addresses are requested in the token
sale app.)

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

14

Bug Bounty Program

Modum.io is deeply engaged with the developer community and has
maintained a code is law value system while developing its platform.
With every major platform release modum.io will open a new phase of its
Bug Bounty Program. Every developer that submits a bug will receive a
certain number of points based on the severity of the bug. The severity is
calculated according to the OWASP risk rating model based on impact and
likelihood.
In the first phase the smart contract of our token sale will be the first item
to be checked by the community under the Bug Bounty Program. 3% of
the total tokens issued will be held for the bounty program, with 25,000
tokens available for participants who find bugs in the token sale smart
contract.

IMPACT

OVERALL RISK SEVERITY
High

Medium

High

High

Medium

Low

Medium

Medium

Low

Note

Low

Low

High

Medium

Low

LIKELIHOOD

Buying procedure

Minting of MOD tokens

9. visit: http://github.com/modum-io

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

To buy MOD tokens, please register on token.modum.io with your email
and confirm the Terms of Token Sale. By confirming the Terms you are
indicating, among other things, that you are not a resident of a country
whose laws and regulations conflict with the purchase of MOD token
and/or the participation in the token sale. You will be asked confirm that
you are not a resident of the United States or Singapore or resident of a
country where American embargoes and sanctions are in force, namely
Iran, North Korea, Syria, Sudan, or Cuba. For further details please consult
the Terms of Token Sale. After the confirmation of your email address,
you will create your wallet for MOD tokens, upload a UTC/JSON Keystore,
or the receiving address is entered manually. In the next step the payback addresses for possible oversubscription payments can be added
and finally a personal BTC and ETH address is generated to deposit the
investment amount. An email is sent upon successful confirmation of
your payment. The conversion rate to USD is determined at the time of
confirmation by official BTC/USD and ETH/USD exchange rates, which are
provided by our advisor Lykke. The conversion to modum tokens is done
post token sale. Therefore the exact number of tokens distributed per
investor is communicated at the time of distribution of the modum token.
The MOD tokens are distributed latest 30 days after the token sale is
closed. The code for the creation of the tokens is open source9. The
proper distribution is also the first milestone to be met. All investments
are allocated by their confirmation time to the respective bonus tiers.
Oversubscriptions of a bonus tier get allocated to the next following tier.
At every time, the estimated current bonus tier is visible on the token
website. Oversubscriptions of the whole token sale are returned to the investors. Upon sign-off of the distribution, every investor receives an email
with their binding number of modum tokens they receive and the date
and time of distribution to their token sale wallet. For more informtion on
regulatory and legal aspects, see the Token Terms of Sale Document.

15

Market segmentation & go to market
Last mile logistics are typically separated into two stages: From producer
to wholesaler and from wholesaler to doctors, hospitals and pharmacies.
However, mail-order pharmacies now open up a third stage skipping the
pharmacy and are directly delivering to the patient.

Producer to wholesaler

Wholesaler distribution

Mail-order pharmacies

Approximately 10% of the 200 million annual shipments occur between
pharma producers and wholesalers. These deliveries primarily consist of
palettes containing finished products. The bulk of modum.ios potential
customers are small and medium-sized enterprise (SME) pharma producers, with an average annual volume of 1,000 to 10,000 shipments.
90% of the total shipping volume is conducted from a wholesaler to hospitals, doctors, and pharmacies. Wholesalers usually have their own fleet of
vehicles and outsource up to half of the shipments to third-party logistics
service providers. There are about 750 wholesalers in the EU serving in
total more than 180,000 pharmacies and dispensing doctors.10

Mail-order pharmacies are a special case in last-mile logistics  they deliver
medicines directly to the end consumer, adding up to 20 million shipments
per year within the EU. Their segment is growing quickly, currently 2% of
total market revenues11 (the average e-commerce revenue proportion
across industries is approximately 8% and growing).12 The leading mail-order pharmacy in Europe, DocMorris, has 2.5 million clients and an annual
turnover exceeding CHF 350 million.13

Figure 9: Distribution of medical products overview: Of the 200 million pharmaceutical shipments occuring in the EU each year, 10% occur
between producer and distributor and 90% occur between distributor and dispenser. Indicating that the bulk of shipments exist in the last
mile between distributor and Pharmacies/Hospitals/Doctors.
10. http://www.girp.eu/files/GIRP-IPF%20Study%202016.pdf
11. http://www.apotheke-adhoc.de/nachrichten/apothekenpraxis/nachricht-detail-apothekenpraxis/versandapotheken-legen-um-30-prozent-zu/?L=1?t=1
12. https://www.emarketer.com/Article/Worldwide-Retail-Ecommerce-Sales-Will-Reach-1915-Trillion-This-Year/1014369
13. https://www.docmorris.de/service/unternehmen/presse/pressemitteilungen/2016/docmorris-vorreiter-beim-faelschungsschutz

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

16

Mail-order pharmacies must comply with GDP regulations too: It is in the
responsibility of the sending pharmacy to demonstrate that the medicines
have not been exposed to conditions that may compromise their quality.
More explicitly, the sender must check the transport conditions for suitability in each case. Compliance, especially temperature, needs to be verified and documented regularly.14

From pilots to market entry
Since its founding in 2016, modum.io has conducted several pilots in each
of the last-mile segments in order to receive customer- and user input for
developing the system, test different go-to-market strategies, and explore
business and pricing models.
For the pilots, modum.io used an off-the-shelf temperature logging device,
the TI sensor tag, and developed its own custom firmware to interface with
the modum system.15

Pilot 1.0

The first pilot was conducted in Switzerland in 2016, monitoring shipments
from a SME pharma producer to a wholesaler.
Over six weeks, several temperature loggers recorded 10,000 data points
and were able to successfully track the temperature of most shipments.
The collected feedback indicated necessary improvements in the following
areas:
1.	
Connectivity of the temperature logger with the mobile applica	
	
tion should be quicker.
2.	
Data transfer speed should be improved.
3.	
A dashboard for data analysis should be created.
The main advantages for SME pharma producers to use the modum system is the wider choice to find a suitable logistic partner and ensure compliance on a shipment level.

Figure 10: Pilot 1
14. https://www.ag.ch/media/kanton_aargau/dgs/dokumente_4/gesundheit_1/gesundheitsversorgung/heilmittel/regeln_versandhandel_2013.pdf
15. http://www.ti.com/ww/en/wireless_connectivity/sensortag2015/index.html?INTC=SensorTag&HQS=sensortag-pr

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

17

Pilot 2.0

In its second pilot, modum.io monitored shipments between a wholesaler
and several clinics and pharmacies whereby shipment volumes were
scaled up by one order of magnitude.
For this pilot, the temperature loggers connectivity and data transfer
speed were improved and a dashboard for quality assurance and customer service departments of the wholesalers was introduced and tested. To
improve the the responsiveness of the read-out process of temperature
data was an important learning from pilot 2.0.
Additionally, modum.io monitored a cross-border shipment to validate
the technology internationally and between continents.

Paid Pilot 3.0 with 3PL &
mail-order pharmacy

A key takeaway from earlier pilots and the market studies was that a direct integration in the processes of a third-party logistics provider already
serving high shipping volumes would greatly help modum.io scale because pick-up and hand-over would be handled by the same company.
By using a third-party logistics provider, the shipment process remains
the same for the sender: insert the loggers into the respective shipment
and transfer the shipment to the 3PL provider. Prior to delivery to the
pharmacy or hospital, the 3PL driver will use their proprietary scanning
device to check compliance. He can then either release the shipment to
the owner, or take corrective and preventive actions in case of any deviations.

Figure 11: Pilot 2

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

18

During the third, paid pilot with the parcel-service market leader in
Switzerland, modum.io aimed to prove the suitability for mass use of the
modum system. Two phases were conducted: in the first phase, modum
implemented and stabilized customer processes; in the second phase,
modum.io quantified additional efforts and the duration of the temperature data read-out process. The customers objective for this pilot was to
achieve 95% of all readouts within 30 seconds. modum.io managed an
average readout of only eight seconds for 100% of the shipments. In the
pilot wrap-up meeting, suitability of the modum system for mass use was
confirmed and the client recommended integration of the modum system
into the offering of the 3PL.

Business & Pricing Strategy

By using the modum system, depending on market segment and volume,
costs per shipment can be reduced by up to 60%. With respect to the 200
million shipments of pharmaceutical products in the EU, a widespread
adoption of the modum system or competing services has the potential
to reduce industry-wide expenses by approximately 3 billion USD.
The modum.io solution is offered in an easy pay-per-shipment model.
It has been shown in the market studies and pilots that customers would
pay up to 10 USD per shipment. When compared with the use of environmentally-controlled transport solutions, the modum system still significantly reduces overall shipping costs plus further cost reductions if the
potential for automation, that comes with the modum system, is taken
into account.

Current status

Currently, the modum system is being integrated into the system of the
leading last-mile logistics service provider in Switzerland. modum.io is
planning to finalize this integration in Q4/2017, using the first series of
proprietary temperature loggers. Clients from the wholesaler and mail-order pharmacy segment are lined up. Upon successful completion, official
market entry in Switzerland will begin in Q1/2018. Once integration has
been established within our first client site, the logistics service provider
can approach the SME pharma segment to offer the additional service.
Furthermore, modum.io is in contact with significant customers from
within the pharma distribution vertical in the UK, France, Germany,
Turkey, and Vietnam.

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

19

www. modum.io
Technoparkstrasse 1
CH - 8005 Zurich
info@modum.io

20

Financial services for
Blockchain companies, eResidents and digital nomads.

Section 1: Products
Mothership is building blockchain financial services around the Estonian
e-Residence government programme. The core of these services are:

!
A token market for the EU, democratising funding for new blockchain
projects
Acting as a gateway to cryptocurrency markets for Estonian blockchain
companies and a go-to place for launching new ones, Mothership will
help prospective startups build a legal framework for digital assets and
execute successful funding campaigns.

!
A new wallet, connected to your e-Resident digital identity
Your Mothership wallet can be connected to your e-Residency digital
identity, protecting your funds with digital signatures and streamlining
your decisions to simply spend or save.

!
A secure, stable cryptocurrency exchange with additional features for
e-Residents and EU businesses
A state-of-the-art digital asset exchange with focus on security, great
customer service and reliability. Mothership will run on world's best
infrastructure and provide 24/7 uninterrupted access to markets. When
integrated with e-Residency, verification for individuals and companies
becomes an easy process, allowing you to switch from ETH to EUR in
moments.

!
A blockchain and exchange connected hosting platform for your own
applications
Mothership will provide a PaaS solution for hosting applications in the
same datacenter with our exchange. Users will be able to build high
frequency trading bots, payment gateways or any other apps using any
programming language. Direct connection to the exchange will
guarantee minimal latency, while automatic scaling and managed
runtime will allow developers to focus on what really matters - building
apps.

Section 2: e-Residency
Estonia is the first country to oer e-Residency, a government-issued
digital ID available to anyone in the world. It is a legally binding signature
that allows to register an EU based company entirely online. Technically
it is a pair of RSA keys linked with your identity.
When linked with Mothership, e-Residency becomes even more powerful
- it allows you to incorporate your blockchain business in Estonia,
operate it 100% remotely, get a bank account and link it with our
exchange.
Estonia estimates 10,000,000 e-Residents by 2025. Mothership is proud
to be working with the Estonian governments e-Residency team to help
build the future.
Our partner from e-Residency team is Oleg Gutsol, a serial entrepreneur
and now a Head of Global Growth at e-Residency.
Learn more about e-Residency at https://e-resident.gov.ee
Important note is that Mothership services will be available for anyone,
but e-Residents will be able to enjoy additional security and integration
features.

Section 3: Team & Advisors

Section 4: Fundraising
The Token
MSP will be built on the Ethereum platform as an ERC20 token. There will
be a total supply of 200,000,000 MSP.
MSP serves as a core part of Mothership, and is required for:
- Access to Premium and Platinum account tiers
- The Mothership app platform layer
- Community curation and insight rewards
- Access to Mothership beta products
- Mothership reputation management
In addition, Mothership will repurchase MSP on the free market using
20% of fees from Mothership products. The repurchased MSP will be
permanently destroyed. We will do so until 50% of the supply is
destroyed.

The Fundraising
Here are some important notes on how the fundraising will work:
1. This fundraising oering will end on 28th July or when all tokens are
sold.
2. MSP token is priced in ETH, 1 ETH = 5800 MSP.
3. The crowdfunding will run on Ethereum Smart Contract, accepting
ETH payments in exchange for MSP tokens.
4. Tokens that remain unsold by the end of the crowdfund will be
permanently destroyed.

5. The token will be available as follows:

6.
7.

70% of MSP tokens will be available for purchase in this
fundraising round.
20% of MSP tokens are reserved for purchase by our Strategic
Investors.
5% of MSP tokens will be earned through the Mothership Referral
Program in this fundraising round.
5% of MSP tokens will be reserved for the team and advisors.
Participants of the crowdfund will gain access to their MSP 24 hours
after the crowdfund ends.
At least 50,000,000 MSP must be sold for the fundraising to be
considered a success. If less are sold, all buyers will be refunded.

The Referral Program

-

Each crowdsale participant will be provided with a unique referral
URL ( http://buy.msp.cx/?r=x ).

-

A referrer will receive an additional amount of tokens equal to 5% of
the tokens bought by all of their referred buyers.

-

This additional 5% is taken from the reserved 5% referral fund.

-

For example:

-

You and a friend both purchase 100 MSP, but your friend signs
up using your referral link.

-

You will receive: 105 MSP.
Your friend will receive: 100 MSP.

When Mothership launches, these referral URLs will be converted to
exchange referrals where you will receive 5% of your referred users
trading fees. When users you referred during the crowdsale sign up
for Mothership, you will receive referral rewards for them too.

Section 5: Timeline
To learn more about our development timeline, please refer to our
Transparent Roadmap:
https://trello.com/b/icEYDrpu/mothership-transparent-roadmap

Section 6: Contact
https://mothership.cx
Email: hello@mothership.cx
Telegram: https://t.me/mothershipcx
Twitter: https://twitter.com/MothershipCX

White Paper
openANX  Real World Application of
Decentralized Exchanges
V2.3.8

Note to Reader  This white paper was originally written and produced in English. Unless
otherwise indicated, translations of this white paper into any other language have not
been fully reviewed by the Open ANX Foundation and accordingly no assurance can be
made as to the accuracy and completeness of such translations. In all instances, where
there is a discrepancy or conflict between any such translation and the English version of
this white paper, the English version shall always prevail.

Table of Contents

1	

INTRODUCTION	..........................................................................................................................	4	

1.1	

Background	...................................................................................................................................................	4	

1.2	

Current Problem	..........................................................................................................................................	4	

1.3	

openANX	.......................................................................................................................................................	5	

2	 CURRENT SECONDARY MARKET STRUCTURES  MOVING FROM CEM TO
DEM	...........................................................................................................................................................	7	
2.1	

Historical Centralized Exchange Model (CEM)	.................................................................................	7	

2.2	

Emergence of the Decentralized Exchange Model (DEM)	............................................................	9	

3	

THE OPENANX PLATFORM	.................................................................................................	10	

3.1	

Overview/ Objectives	.............................................................................................................................	10	

3.2	

Market Infrastructure	..............................................................................................................................	11	

3.3	

Credit Risk Markets	..................................................................................................................................	12	

3.4	

Liquidity Aggregation	.............................................................................................................................	13	

3.5	

The openANX User Journey	.................................................................................................................	13	

3.6	

Technology Platform	...............................................................................................................................	14	

4	

THE FOUNDATION AND GOVERNANCE	......................................................................	16	

4.1	

The Dispute Resolution Process	...........................................................................................................	16	

4.2	

OAX Token Sale	........................................................................................................................................	16	

4.3	

Token Allocation and Distribution	......................................................................................................	16	

4.4	

Restriction on the use of the funds	.....................................................................................................	17	

5	

THE OAX TOKEN	......................................................................................................................	18	

5.1	

Uses of OAX Tokens	................................................................................................................................	18	

5.2	

Membership	................................................................................................................................................	18	

6	

THE TEAM	.....................................................................................................................................	20	

7	

CONCLUSION	............................................................................................................................	21	

2

20/06/2017

Abstract
With improvements in the Ethereum blockchain ecosystem brought about by
state/payment channel developments and decentralized governance methodologies
such as boardroom.to, significant functional improvements can be considered to the
entire Centralized Exchange Model (CEM). Key to this concept is the deployment of
a new decentralized exchange platform that allows transparency for end users, holds
collateral for participating gateways and provides a predetermined channel for dispute
resolution. Current centralized exchanges are opaque, closed systems with limited
visibility of security and access protocols, while the first generation of decentralized
exchanges fail to adequately provide liquidity and trade volume for users. This white
paper provides the pathway to a new, significantly improved platform governed by a
decentralized autonomous organization (DAO), which in turn shall be developed by
the Open ANX Foundation (the Foundation), a non-profit foundation. Furthermore,
we shall explore the importance of governance and transparency required of any
exchange system in order for it to be effective. The paper will provide an outline of the
openANX project (openANX or the Project), milestones in the development, and
delve into the requirements needed to ensure that the project avoids the pitfalls of
previous decentralized exchange developments.
Key Words: Blockchain, Raiden, 0x, ANX, decentralized, openANX, OAX, exchange,
cryptocurrency exchange, cryptocurrency
Authors: Hugh Madden, David Tee, Lionello Lunesu & Liam Bussell
Editorial: Kathy Kok, Dave Chapman, Ken Lo, Zane Tackett & Tiarnan Lynch
Design: William Chiu, Ash Lam & Richard Wu

3

20/06/2017

1 Introduction
1.1

Background

In regard to cryptocurrencies (crypto), the prevailing general reference to centralized
exchanges is arguably misleading and inaccurate as there is no transfer of legal
ownership or title taking place when participants (i.e. account holders) act to buy or sell
crypto on an exchange. There is also no record of the participants actions on the
blockchain and there is no back office settlement between the participants. Rather, for
example, when selling a Bitcoin that was previously deposited in an account with an
exchange, the seller has operationally and economically traded a Bitcoin IOU issued by
the exchange for a fiat IOU issued by the same exchange, and the transaction is
recorded internally in the exchanges accounting ledger. Existing centralized exchanges
in a sense are not exchanges at all.
With current centralized exchanges, users hold fiat IOUs and Bitcoin IOUs issued by the
exchange in the form of their account balances and do not have actual possession of the
underlying assets. Depending on the terms and conditions of the exchange and whether it
operates segregated accounts, in some instances the Bitcoin IOU is not even for a claim
on a Bitcoin but rather for the fiat value of the Bitcoin in a liquidation; and as previously
experienced the exchange may not even have the Bitcoin on hand to settle all of the
outstanding Bitcoin IOUs that it has effectively issued to account holders.

1.2

Current Problem

The counterparty credit risk of these IOUs is the crux of the problem with unregulated
centralized exchanges. The lack of operational and financial data prevents the users from
being able to properly assess and evaluate the counterparty risk and more importantly to
appropriately price this assumed risk. As it has been shown time and time again, in black
swan events, debt defaults, bankruptcies, etc., when there is a lack of information and
transparency, market participants tend to significantly underprice the risks they are taking
on and therefore do not make optimal decisions and are not being adequately
compensated for those suboptimal decisions. On the other hand, in return for assuming
these risks, these exchanges provide valuable functions to users  they provide a platform
for price discovery, varying degrees of liquidity and a means for the exchange of
economic exposure. Participants also avail themselves to a number of critical and practical
services  they are able to transact in fiat, store fiat and crypto with varying degrees of
security, execute foreign exchange transactions, send fiat remittances, resolve disputes,
access help desks, make withdrawals or purchases via debit cards, comply with AML/KYC
requirements, etc. And while these services are critical to a functioning exchange
ecosystem, it is likely that participants are paying too high an implied economic price for
these services as they have underpriced the counterparty risk of the IOUs they have
assumed due to lack of financial and operational transparency.
Beginning in 2016 and accelerating through 2017, there have been an increase in the
number of initiatives to launch decentralized exchanges with the primary and oftentimes
sole objective of eliminating the counterparty credit risk exposure participants assume with
a centralized exchange. The premise of many of these initiatives is that through the use of
4

20/06/2017

smart contracts, participants are able to maintain possession of tokens and by being able
to transact via the smart contracts, counterparty credit risk is eliminated  and this is true
for the trading of crypto pairs. But the experience of the decentralized exchanges that
have been launched to date is that there is a significant lack of activity and liquidity on
these platforms as not everyone is desirous, or is able, to trade only crypto pairs  these
exchanges do not work for the general population. In the utopian quest of eliminating
counterparty credit risk, what has been ignored and shunted aside is the critical and
practical services provided by centralized exchanges that are needed for a functioning
exchange system. A functioning exchange system is a microcosm of an economy, and as
all economies are networks1 the value of that network is an exponential function of the
number of connected users2. As network externalities are critical for all networks to be
functional and of value, decentralized exchange initiatives that limit or ignore the nontrading functionalities and ancillary services otherwise provided by centralized exchanges
are doomed for failure.

1.3

openANX

The openANX platform will take advantage of technical developments on the Ethereum
blockchain such as payment channels (Raiden3, 0x, Swap, ERC204) and utilize them to
overcome the challenges faced by the current CEM. It will co-opt the strengths of the
existing model to improve the existent decentralized exchange attempts by linking existing
exchange platforms (Asset Gateways) to the openANX platform and enforcing a
collateralized deposit system that will provide users with a way to measure risk. It will also
provide an off-chain, dispute resolution system to enhance much needed consumer
protection.
By utilizing the latest technological advances and a peer-reviewed and implemented open
source code, the openANX platform will integrate the strengths of the existing CEM model
with the best functionality and features of the decentralized model while circumventing or
mitigating the shortcomings of both systems.
In addition, by being open sourced, the project will be transparent and subject to scrutiny
and input from users and the wider community. In lieu of a centralized authority
(government or regulator) the only way to enforce transparency is to write it into the
blockchain itself.
The initiative will offer gateway services and bridging to secondary, decentralized markets
(exchange services) for Ethereum ERC20 tokens. These Ethereum tokens can be in the
form of native Ethereum tokens (such as tokens for other DAOs), or tokenized
representations of off-blockchain assets.

1

Economides, N.  Stern, NYU  The Economics of Networks http://bit.ly/2b3Puok
Hendler, J. Golbeck, J.  University of Maryland  Metcalfes Law, the Web 2.0 and the Semantic Web
http://bit.ly/2qF8kKJ
3
What is Raiden? http://raiden.network/
4
ERC Token Standard: GitHub https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20
2

5

20/06/2017

The key deliverables of openANX are to:
 Migrate existing exchanges to the role of collateralized Asset Gateways, bridging
fiat to tokens in a collateralized, transparent manner
 Provide credit risk trading to allow price discovery and a market voice of
gateway creditworthiness
 Provide dispute resolution to access collateral in the event of disputes
 Aggregate order books using ANX Internationals (ANX) proprietary
aggregation liquidity IP, and merging the liquidity of participating Asset
Gateways
 Complement the wave of token only decentralized matching engine projects
which otherwise would not have fiat support, and hence further increase liquidity,
and accessibility for the general public
 Both order book and Peer-to-Peer (P2P) Over the Counter (OTC) order
matching
 Migrate ANX Internationals existing user base to the new platform, ensuring a
critical mass of initial users; and then growing a consortium of new and existing
exchanges committed to migrating to the openANX model
Note that P2P OTC is also a feature of openANX which will allow users to trade directly
via a quick and negotiable private channel, which is an additional option to the traditional
order book paradigm.
Through the establishment of the Open ANX Foundation, ANX has undertaken the initial
launch of the project, and will contribute the use of any held relevant software IP (such as
order matching and cross book shortest path protocols).
Finally, it should be noted this should not be considered as an ANX project. The source
code is open source, the Foundation is non-profit, and most importantly all existing and
new exchanges are encouraged to join. openANX is completely open in every sense of
the word, and the system is designed to be self-governed by its community of users.

6

20/06/2017

2 Current Secondary Market Structures  Moving from CEM
to DEM
2.1

Historical Centralized Exchange Model (CEM)

The current paradigm of the CEM began with Mt. Gox5, and has developed and matured
to reach the status quo. The CEM allows companies to provide services for users to
buy/sell tokens, or exchange them for other assets through a central gateway platform for
a fee. Proceeds from these activities ensure the service provider in return offers customer
support, security and a suite of product offerings. The strengths of the system have
developed over time to coalesce around banking relationships (the ability to turn BTC or
ETH into cash) and providing liquidity. However, with repeated security breaches in
various exchanges and poor management, publics faith in the CEM system is increasingly
waning. The fundamental question is one of trust  without an effective way to measure
risk, users tend to under-price its potential.
However, there are deeper underlying issues other than security concerns and lack of trust.
First among these is a lack of a mature infrastructure, and a system skewed in its design to
reward early adopters, be it an exchange, an information site or other service provider.
This makes it difficult for interested new entrants to gain access to information which would
allow them to objectively assess risk and engage in digital token trading reliably.
Secondly, and equally important, is the reputational issue6. While much of the popularity
of digital tokens are due to their decentralized nature, this fragmentation exacerbates
many of the CEMs inherent flaws, such as the lack of regulation and transparency,
security risks, possible overextension of asset classes, and an opacity regarding
creditworthiness and credit risk for token holders dealing with these exchanges. These
shortcomings are major obstacles in the next development and widespread adoption of
the digital token class as a whole.
In summary, centralized exchanges provide valuable services by acting as asset gateways.
They allow the offering of multiple levels of market activities that cannot be matched by
decentralized exchanges. However, these strengths are offset by a number of significant
weaknesses, including the possibility of substantial financial loss, as well as the
reputational damage to the digital tokens ecosystem. Each failure, be it Bitfinex7 or others,
impact all users indirectly and reduced the valuation of the market as a whole8, by
damaging the credibility of digital tokens as a reliable medium of exchange.
The key weaknesses in CEM stem from:
1. Custody of customer digital tokens (private keys)
2. Corresponding credit risk to customers upon security or fraud incidents
3. Lack of consumer protection and avenues for dispute resolution
4. Lack of transparency of finances to allow customers to assess credit risk
5
6
7
8

Mt. Gox Overview- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mt._Gox
Department of Homeland Security  Cryptocurrencies - http://bit.ly/2q4Dvwm
Coindesk  Bitfinex Bitcoin Hack  What We Know and Dont Know - http://bit.ly/2aUYzP8
Baker, J. - Bitcoin Market collapses after hack - http://bit.ly/2q0yBTg
7

20/06/2017

5. Opaque closed source code and centralized data stores
1. Each develops their own exchange, deposit, withdrawal and security
software; these are typically not open source (with no or limited audits)
2. Metrics and order data within centralised exchanges are not visible to
customers, it is unclear to market participants if the reported data is true
and complete
6. Fragmented liquidity as the proliferation of exchanges results in separate trading
pools
If we look at the list of the most widely used exchanges9, we find that the virtue of market
dominance is driven by aggregation and accretion over time, the clear majority of trade
volume is handled by a small number of players.
Currently, most transactions run through approximately 20 centralized exchanges, with
the majority running through 8, namely:

Of the top 8, a significant number have suffered from hacks. In fact, with total losses in
excess of $1.7 Billion USD, over 2% of all digital assets have been stolen, the majority
from centralized exchanges. The common assumption that the larger players should be
more resistant to these malicious hacks due to having greater resources and better security
has been disproven. In addition, the idea that if an exchange keeps a low profile and
attempts to tread a middle path it may avoid attracting the attention has also been
proven false.

9

Cryptocoin Charts - https://www.cryptocoincharts.info/markets/info
8

20/06/2017

2.2

Emergence of the Decentralized Exchange Model (DEM)

The shortcomings of centralized exchanges have seen a number of decentralized
exchanges emerge. These largely fit into two categories; those that handle native fiat
currencies, and those that handle only pure digital tokens.
A number of pure decentralized digital token exchanges and protocols are starting to
appear, notably on-blockchain markets such cryptoderivatives.market, and off-blockchain
protocols such as 0x and RAIDEN for single blockchain token trading.
For cross blockchain exchange, the emergence of the Lightning network for cross
blockchain atomic swaps is promising.
These initiatives are becoming broadly accepted by the industry as the likely future of pure
native digital currency token trading. Each has benefits and disadvantages, but all lack
fiat currency bridging, which is needed to bring mass market adoption of decentralized
exchange technology.
The closest fiat currency solution for these exchanges are modelled along the lines of
Tether, where each tokenized unit of currency is reportedly held in custody. There is
however some level of industry unease with regards to the transparency of data, and
consumer protection with these types of solutions. Regardless of industry perception, there
is clearly a degree of credit risk for customers of Tether style solutions, with entity, banking,
and perhaps sovereign risks with little recourse.
The lack of convenient and safe fiat currency bridging almost certainly contributes to the
lack of liquidity in pure digital token exchanges, in comparison to the incumbent
centralized exchanges.
The other category of decentralized exchanges focus on the fiat currency problem.
Various platforms such BitSquare have emerged which support fiat currency and digital
token transactions; however, these exchanges have not managed to gain the critical levels
of liquidity and trade volumes to supplant the centralised exchanges. The need to perform
fiat settlements on a one to one basis to transactions is one reason for this. Highly liquid
markets require the presence of market makers and arbitrage traders. These market
participants require the ability to trade frequently, with a much higher frequency than that
supported by trades linked to legacy financial services payment latencies.
The challenge then, is to solve the centralization problem while avoiding the pitfalls of
existing, decentralized exchanges, such as low liquidity and a lack of choice when it
comes to ancillary services such as Asset Gateways and off-chain assets.

9

20/06/2017

3 The openANX Platform
3.1

Overview/ Objectives

The openANX project is different from pure decentralized exchange initiatives as it
recognizes that non-trading ancillary services are required for attracting the critical mass
of users required for a functional ecosystem network. Central to openANX is the
integration of emerging decentralized exchange protocols to a mechanism that provides
transparency as to the counterparty credit quality of service provider participants (i.e.
Asset Gateways).
While price discovery and trading transaction execution can be achieved through smart
contracts, the practical reality is not all trading exchange functionalities can be
decentralized. These services are required in order for an exchange to achieve critical
mass the next best solution is to provide the means for appropriate risk assessment of
these Asset Gateways. By making available risk assessment indicators (including but not
limited to the posting of collateral, membership levels, verified identification information,
and other records onto the blockchain) and formalizing defined dispute resolution
mechanisms (also inserted onto the blockchain), participants are provided with transparent
access to important information needed to evaluate the credit quality of Asset Gateways.
Importantly, unlike with the centralized model, the Asset Gateway never holds crypto-keys
to both assets  for example with a fiat gateway, the gateway only holds fiat currency in
any transaction scenario; the user retains crypto custody, significantly reducing user risk.
Participants are therefore able to make optimal decisions with regards to not only trading
prices but also the counterparty risk they are willing to assume for non-crypto pair trading.
These features of openANX enable the execution of more than just crypto pair trading
and will therefore attract trading participants to drive volume, price efficiency and liquidity,
which in turn draws other market participants who provide additional useful functions to
the network economy. These would include not only existing centralized exchanges who
bring their existing transaction volume, but also other participants such as rating agencies
who evaluate Asset Gateway creditworthiness and credit risk arbitrage traders who
effectively provide market pricing.
Open source, decentralized, transparently governed exchanges will eventually dominate
the crypto currency market. With the increasing maturity of the Ethereum Network, Raiden
and governance frameworks such as boardroom.to, that vision is increasingly viable.
openANX, aims to create a truly open source and decentralized platform that uses a
hybrid model to integrate the key strengths of the existing CEM with key enhancements
such as credit risk assessment, structured dispute resolution and a collateralized deposit
system to empower users, providers and third parties to properly evaluate the uncertainty
that has long been a part of the marketplace.

10

20/06/2017

3.2

Market Infrastructure

The openANX platform will consist of the following market participants:







Exchange users
Asset Gateways
Order book sponsors
KYC/AML services
Dispute referees
Voting members

Exchange users are users who wish to participate in the exchange, using the services for
native token trading or for real world asset trading. Exchange users of real world assets
will require a relationship with an Asset Gateway. In most jurisdictions, Asset Gateways
are obliged to perform KYC10 and AML in order to operate legally and maintain the
necessary relationships with financial services suppliers such as banks.
Asset Gateways take into custody real world assets such as EUR or USD fiat and in turn
mint ERC20 tokens onto the blockchain. Note that these tokens are not generic USD
tokens, rather the tokens are specific to the issuing gateway, for example ANX may issue
ANXUSD tokens.
Before receipt of funds and issuance of tokens, most Asset Gateways will first request a
KYC/AML service be performed on any user receiving these real-world assets. This is done
by the nomination of a KYC service smart contract address as part of the Asset Gateway
registration.
When a user establishes a relationship with a gateway, the gateway will first direct them
to one or more KYC services. The KYC service will provide a KYC rating, which is
registered into the openANX DAO. Note that no physical documents or other materials
are stored on the blockchain, merely an Ethereum address. The KYC service will stipulate
a KYC level, and validity date range through the KYC API.
Once a user has satisfied the KYC requirements, the gateway can release the token to the
user. Gateway tokens generally require one of the following:





No KYC at all (tokens can be transferred to or from any valid Ethereum address)
Boundary KYC (tokens can only be minted to, and redeemed from, KYCd
addresses, however minted tokens can be freely transferred between addresses),
or
Full KYC (tokens can only be minted to, redeemed from, transferred amongst, and
exchanged with addresses that maintain the stated KYC service approval)

Asset Gateways will be afforded varying KYC parameters according to their requirements.
Many Asset Gateways are expected to register and supply their own KYC service

10

Global Cryptocurrency Benchmarking Study  Cambridge University Centre for Alternative Finance http://bit.ly/2q1WmtY
11

20/06/2017

implementation, as in some jurisdictions it is difficult or undesirable to outsource KYC to a
third party.
Where outsourced KYC is possible, significant economies of scale are expected with Asset
Gateways sharing KYC/AML service providers.
When Asset Gateways register for service, they will stipulate the KYC smart contract, KYC
level, and token operational rules as per above. They will also pledge native Ethereum
collateral onto the blockchain, which will be time locked by the openANX DAO. This
collateral serves to protect consumers; it can be released as the resolution of dispute
resolution, to users of the gateway in the event of a credit event.
In the future, the time locked collateral could generate fees through powering state
channels or staking; however, this is purely speculative at the current time.
With the availability of transparent, locked collateral, and transparent token issuance,
users can form quantifiable views on the creditworthiness of Asset Gateways. Note that
the existing best practices are still recommended, i.e. Asset Gateways should hold
customer funds in custody, in a non-fractional, audited manner. It does, however, offer a
concrete and quantifiable means for users to price the credit risk.

3.3

Credit Risk Markets

Pricing of credit risk is a key activity in any normal financial marketplace11. In large
institutional trading desks, each deal is broken up into smaller internal constituent deals;
which some trading desks focus on pricing the market risk of some assets, whilst other
trading desk focus on the credit risk. The profitability of a deal is then attributed to the
credit and market risk desks individually.
The ability to trade credit risk is notably missing from current crypto markets12. openANX
will support Credit Risk order books. In this manner, an ANXUSD token can be traded
against another gateways tokens (say perhaps AcmeUSD). For example, ANX may have
a strong public brand, and high levels of collateral locked up in the DAO relative to issue
tokens, whilst Acme has an unknown brand and low levels of collateral. The
ANXUSD/AcmeUSD order book allows these two tokens to be traded against the other,
forming the basis for a credit risk trading market within the crypto marketplace. The
pricing of these credit risks further provides users with another objective measure of
counterparty risk.
Order books are opened by the DAO on the request of a sponsoring user. Often the
Asset Gateway itself will sponsor an order book for its tokens, for example the ANX
gateway would open an ETH/ANXUSD order book.
With the ability of Asset Gateways to register their tokens and sponsor their own order
books, the barriers to entry for gateway operators will be significantly lowered. The
11
12

Kao, D.  CFA Institute - Pricing Credit Risk - http://cfa.is/2q3cFVH
Ghosh, R. - Carey Business School  Bitcoin or Ethereum? The Million Dollar Question - http://econ.st/2qYXq06
12

20/06/2017

introduction of openANX should see many new gateway operators entering the market,
with varying levels of credit quality and jurisdictional/asset support. These new players
will help power the mass adoption of cryptocurrencies into the wider (non-crypto)
community, as by utilizing open source best practice systems of openANX, they will
provide greater competition and ease of access for users.
Credit risk order books, trading gateway tokens against each other, will greatly improve
price discovery to the market.
This situation by itself is better than the current landscape of centralized exchanges, as
there will be greater competition and choice for users, with more transparent credit risk,
and collateral pledged on the blockchain to provide a safety net in the event of a credit
risk event or dispute.

3.4

Liquidity Aggregation

It can be argued however that the biggest hurdle to entry for new exchanges is liquidity.
Liquidity refers to the amount of traded assets available on the order books of an
exchange. A highly liquid exchange could allow a large deal to instantly trade, whilst
barely impacting the price. Liquidity has a strong network effect, as soon as one exchange
or venue becomes the largest in terms of liquidity, it quickly attracts more liquidity until
other exchanges cannot compete. This has arguably resulted in a small group of
centralized crypto exchanges dominating the market place for a period of time, until such
time as a legal, security, or credit event halts operations.
The openANX platform overcomes this issue through the application of order book
aggregation, coupled with credit risk trading books.
Consider the situation where there are three order books:
1. ETH/ANXUSD
2. ETH/ACMEUSD
3. ANXUSD/ACMEUSD
By themselves order books 1 and 2 reflect individual fragmented pools of liquidity.
If there is an active credit risk order (i.e. book 3), matching logic call match trades by
combining the three order books into a single order book with simple graph.
In this fashion, an active credit risk order book can transform small individual exchange
pools of liquidity into a single large order book. This approach may at last bring about the
liquidity network effect to turn a decentralized, open exchange into the dominant source
of exchange liquidity.

3.5

The openANX User Journey
13

20/06/2017

Users on openANX who are seeking to on-board fiat currency to the blockchain will
initially require the services of an asset gateway. The availability of public credit risk and
collateral metrics should assist users selecting an appropriate gateway.
The user can be expected to register through online services specific to each gateway,
similar to the current situation with centralized exchanges.
Gateways in most jurisdictions will require some level of KYC and AML; the user will then
be directed to such a service, either within the Asset Gateway, or to an external service
provider if the Asset Gateway utilizes a third party.
Upon KYC/AML approval (if required by the Asset Gateway) the user may use the
payment methods supported by the Asset Gateway to deposit funds. The Asset Gateway
will then mint its own specific (at least partially collateralized) ERC20 tokens.
The user will then have the option of trading through a decentralized user interface
provided by openANX (i.e. a Mist or Coinbase Token application) or trading their freshly
minted token directly with any of the available ERC20 decentralised exchanges.
It is expected that the user will typically use the openANX trading interface, as the order
book aggregation across multiple asset gateway tokens will allow access to a more liquid
pool for the conversion of the token into ETH or other major cryptocurrencies available on
the platform.
Eventually the asset gateway token holder can be expected to off-board their tokens back
to real world assets. This is conducted by redeeming the token to the asset gateway
through the openANX user interface, at which point they would be contacted by their
asset gateway.

3.6

Technology Platform
14

20/06/2017

The technology platform to be delivered by openANX is as follows:
 A specification of the market operating model as described in the previous section
 Ethereum smart contracts to govern and operate the market as specified
 Integration with one or more exchange channels (notably Swap, Raiden, or 0x) to
support matching
 API for each off-chain intersection with gateway functions, trading, KYC, order
book registration, dispute resolution, DAO governance and upgrade of services or
the platform
 A standard, reference implementation user interface to allow account management
and trading (it is expected the community will also provide additional user
interface implementations as the platform is entirely open)
Further details on the prospective technical aspects of the project and their future
development, refer to the openANX Technical Whitepaper.

15

20/06/2017

4 The Foundation and Governance13
As a company limited by guarantee established in Hong Kong, the Foundation's primary
objective is to promote the real world application of the openANX platform. It also aims to
initially develop the openANX platform and advocate governance and transparency for
the platform. The Foundation will establish an association consisting of members of the
openANX ecosystem, which will be empowered to determine the direction of functionality
and improvement to the openANX platform and associated ecosystem.
4.1
The Dispute Resolution Process
The Foundation will specify a dispute resolution process, utilizing an internationally
accepted dispute resolution system. A rotating board of dispute referees will monitor
disputes through the resolution process, and oversee collateral release to plaintiffs. Note
that this board of dispute referees is not the dispute resolution process specifically; rather
it is the mechanism through which dispute resolutions can be enacted through the release
of collateral on the blockchain.
4.2

OAX Token Sale

The Foundation will fund the development of the openANX decentralized exchange
discussed in this paper through the issuance of OAX tokens. These tokens will run natively
on the Ethereum blockchain and will be offered to backers of the openANX project via a
token sale. The token sale will be launched on or about the 22nd June 2017. A second
token sale will take place once the initial prototype has been developed and tested to
fund its deployment. For more information on the OAX token, see Section 5.1 
Membership.

4.3

Token Allocation and Distribution

The supply of OAX is limited to the number of one hundred million (100,000,000) in total
(including those available for sale during the Token Sale) and will be generated upon the
launch (Token Launch).
The tokens will be distributed in the following manner:
80% (30/30/20) of the tokens will be eventually allocated amongst the community; the
remaining 20% will be allocated to the Foundation initiator, early backers, and the
development team.

13

Renz, D. - Nonprofit Governance and the Work of The Board - http://bit.ly/18RHS36
16

20/06/2017

OAX Token distribution model
Channels

Percentage

Locked up period

30,000,000 OAX 30%
Open Token Sale
(OTS)

Token Sale  Launch 22nd June 2017

30,000,000OAX
Additional Token
Sale (ATS)

30%

Additional Token Sale

20,000,000
Retained by the
Foundation as
Treasury

20%

20,000,000
Advisors,
Directors and
Early Backers

20%

4.4

The initial funding will be used to develop a working prototype,
financial setup, legal fees and promotion.

On the release of a successful prototype, a second token sale
will be launched to fund the full production ready launch and
development of all relevant technology and organization
matters.

100% of which locked for 24 months
Strategic Planning, Project Support, Token Swap, Emergency
Fund, Development & Legal Fees - These will be subject to a 2year lock-up. Subsequent to the lock-up, these will be used for
various development and operation costs of openANX over 2
further years.

70% of which locked for 12 months
30% of which locked for 24 months
Distributed to the directors, advisors, and early backers of the
project.

Restriction on the use of the funds

To remain in line with the spirit of the projects open and transparent philosophy, all funds
shall be tracked and reported according to the Foundations guidelines. A custodian will
monitor the usage of the digital tokens and share it with the community periodically.
1. Financial planning and reporting
 The Foundation shall develop financial planning and review financial
performance of the previous quarter.
2. Digital tokens management
 The digital tokens belonging to the Foundation shall be managed by authorized
personnel. The security of digital tokens is ensured by multi signature
technology.
3. Digital wallet protocol
 The Foundations digital wallet shall be protected by a multiple signature
technology mechanism.
4. Disclosure
 On a regular basis, the Foundation shall disclose on the topics regarding
community matters, including status of development, operations, and the usage
of tokens, as well as whether the Foundation operates in accordance with the
governance policy.

17

20/06/2017

5 The OAX Token
The OAX token (OAX) is a native Ethereum divisible digital token with up to 18 decimal
places. The total number of OAX tokens to be issued is 100,000,000. For details of the
distribution of these tokens, see Section 4.3 - Token Allocation & Distribution.

5.1

Uses of OAX Tokens

OAX is a token that can be exchanged for memberships in the DAO and/or its association.
Members will be entitled to certain privileges, including but not limited to voting privileges
on major operational decisions relating to the openANX platform. Members are not
entitled to any economic rights of the Foundation at any time and Memberships do not
entitle the holder to any distribution of profits nor any claim on any assets. Memberships
are not provided with any right of redemption although memberships are transferable.
Any tokens exchanged for memberships shall be destroyed. In addition, to the extent that
excess funds are generated by the openANX platform from transaction and other fees, a
RNG algorithmic process will be initiated by the openANX platform to expend such excess
funds to acquire OAX which may be trading on secondary markets. Such acquired OAX
shall be destroyed. As there is no inflation of the number of OAX the cumulative effect of
these two processes is that as activity on openANX increases, the supply of OAX will
decrease.
While it is a core belief that the openANX platform be open to all, users will only be able
to influence policy through voting privileges, which will be conveyed through
Memberships and OAX tokens form the method whereby users gain access to
Memberships. If users wish to gain access to voting privileges, or become a third-party
service provider including but not limited to the following areas; KYC, Asset Gateway, or
other service, some form of Membership will be required.

5.2

Membership

Membership provides the holder with access to the openANX platform, and may convey
voting privileges and other benefits as outlined below. The memberships will work through
a tiered structure that allow for simple access, voting privileges or commercial (read:
business) solicitation of services on the platform (e.g. escrow, legal, exchange, credit,
asset gateway) with the relative number of tokens required for redemption varying with
the level of benefits.
Token holders who apply for and receive Memberships will submit the tokens alongside
the application and upon acceptance, the submitted tokens shall be destroyed. This
process will cause a reduction in the size of the OAX token pool (deflation) over time.

18

20/06/2017

Membership Scale (in order of relative number of OAX tokens required for exchange)

Participant Member

TBC

Voting Member

TBC

Founding Member

TBC

Third Party Service Provider Member

TBC

Asset Gateway Member

TBC

Participant Membership  Participant members include, amongst others, wholesale and
retail traders who desire to access the openANX platform for transaction purposes. A
Participant Membership is the basic level of Membership.
Voting Membership - A voting member shall have the privilege to vote on decisions
regarding the openANX platform. These votes shall be determined via the Foundations
terms and shall be communicated to the Membership through the Foundations website
(www.openanx.org) and via social media and online channels.
Founding Membership - A founding member shall have all the privileges of a voting
member. In addition, a founding member shall have the right to suggest topics for
upcoming discussions.
Third Party Service Provider Membership - Third party members will be entitled to provide
services within the ecosystem. They will include: KYC service providers, trading system
providers, legal or smart contract vendors or other services as yet undetermined.
Asset Gateway Membership  An Asset Gateway member gains all the privileges of a
Third-Party Member and in addition, is granted the right to offer their services as a
provider of token-to-fiat currency, multicurrency exchange, or token-to-token exchange.

19

20/06/2017

6

The Team

The project team of openANX encompasses a group of highly experienced innovators
who are passionate about crypto and its future, as well as some of the industrys brightest
legal and business minds. Full details on www.openanx.org.

20

20/06/2017

7

Conclusion

The current market system of centralized exchanges and decentralized platforms is
inherently flawed. While both have their relative merits, the weaknesses of both
approaches limit their potential to service the rapidly developing crypto market and are a
hindrance to widespread adoption of crypto. What is needed is an evolutionary system,
one that combines the relative merits of both approaches, is open, transparent and uses a
decentralized structure of governance that is written directly to the blockchain. Such a
system would use a system of collateral to provide measured security and safety of funds
for all users, while providing transparency for all parties. By providing a clear method of
evaluating risk, it would open new markets for both credit and services that would benefit
the community.

21

20/06/2017

Glossary
1. Altcoin: Altcoins are cryptos other than Bitcoin. Common altcoins are Ethereum
(ETH), Dash, and Ripple (XRP).
2. Bitcoin: A crypto and a payment system invented by an unidentified programmer,
or group of programmers, under the name of Satoshi Nakamoto.
3. CEM: Centralized Exchange Model - The existing dominant model of crypto
exchange. A single, private, limited corporation hosts and handles all aspects of
the exchange platform and trading, including security, KYC and data management.
4. Cryptocurrency: A digital currency that employs cryptography to handle
transactions and regulate its corresponding currency units, working independently
of a central bank. Also sometimes referred to as digitized tokens.
5. DAO: Decentralized Autonomous Organization, also known as decentralized
autonomous corporation. It runs through rules encoded as smart contracts.
6. Decentralized exchange (DEX): A mechanism or platform that executes
transactions without a central party to hold relevant records.
7. Digital token: Any resource existing as a binary format and granting any of its
users the privileges to use.
8. Distributed Ledger Technology: DLT for short, it is technology that facilitates sharing
of digital data across physical points without being administered centrally.
9. Ethereum: A public blockchain-based distributed computing platform, featuring
smart contract functionality.
10. Fiat (Fiat currency): Known as fiat money, it is a traditional currency established
and regulated by law.
11. Multicurrency exchange: A mechanism or platform that allows different kinds of
currency to undergo transactions.
12. Off-blockchain tokens: The value of the transactions operating outside the
blockchain.
13. Off-chain architecture: The structure of a system that is available for transactions
undergoing outside the blockchain.
14. Open source: A source that is made thoroughly accessible for the public.
15. Public chain: A blockchain which can be used and accessed by the public.
16. Self-governance mechanism: A mechanism that is able to regulate all by itself.
17. Smart Contracts: Smart contracts are computer programs that autonomously
execute the terms of a contract.
18. The Lightning Network: A decentralized network that makes rapid off-chain transfer
of Bitcoin ownership possible.
19. Token: A representation of digitized values.
With thanks to: Jehan Chu, Chandler Guo, Thompson Shi, Henry Yu, Peter Smith, Bok
Khoo, Frasier Wang, Ivan Chan, Ming Yan Cheung, Antony Challinor, Clara Chen,
Sawyer Zhang, Eliott Lopez, Felix Lai, Jack Liao, Amanda Tung, Janee Lok, Peter
Bainbridge, Jack Cheng, Yann Carlier, Wilson Yip, Claudia Lau, Vivian Leung, Franco Ng,
Carl Leung, Simon Leung, Evan Fan, Joyce Shen, Charlene Ng, Cerulean Hu, Kurt Tsang,
Alex Wu, Thompson Shi, Brett Lettice, Christine Sze, Peter Yau, Louis Chan, Patrick
Bartolome, Kathy Cheng, Shepard Pin, Billy Yip, Andy Lin, Yan Tung, Lucia Suen, Joseph
Marcilla, Tom Chan, Brian Liu, Max Jackowski

22

20/06/2017

Appendix 1  About ANX International
ANX International (ANX) is a privately held company founded in 2013. ANX owns
extensive proprietary intellectual property (IP) and employs 90 full time staff to run its
many lines of business 14 . Throughout the 4 years since inception, ANXs exchange
platform (ANXPRO) has never suffered a security breach resulting in lost customer data
or assets.
With a strong team, vast experience and significant IP linked to Exchanges, Order
Matching and Infrastructure, combined with a wide network of relationships amongst the
crypto community, ANX is strategically situated to lead a project of this scope, in addition
to ensuring that the exchange maintains healthy levels of liquidity and trade volume
required to entice professional traders, buyers and sellers and industry players to utilize
the exchange.

14

Including Bitcoin debit cards, a retail Bitcoin exchange, and its software-as-a-service (SaaS) offering, ANX Blockchain
Services (ABS). ANX operates one of Asias longest running exchanges (ANXPRO).
23

20/06/2017

Opus - Decentralized music distribution using
InterPlanetary File Systems (IPFS) on the
Ethereum blockchain V0.8.3
Bokang Jia1 , Chenhao Xu1 , Rehan Gotla2 , Sam Peeters3 , Reese Abouelnasr4 , Mateusz Mach
1

New York University Abu Dhabi - Department of Computer Science
2

3
4

Carleton - Department of Statistics and Actuarial sciences.

Computer and Software engineering -Temple university, Philadelphia.

Department of Engineering - Georgia Institute of Technology, Georgia, USA.
Bokang:

bj798@nyu.edu, Chenhao:

chen.xu@nyu.edu

Abstract. Opus is a decentralized music-sharing platform that tackles the issue
of music ownership and sharing at an infrastructure and protocol level. Leveraging the speed and redundancy of a novel Interplanetary FileSystem, IPFS,
Opus can scale and deliver thousands of tracks per second in a fully decentralized manner. This throughput is achieved by encrypting music tracks on
the fly and storing the encrypted music files permanently on the IPFS swarm.
Only the decryption keys, and file hashes, are saved immutably on the Opus
smart contract. By only storing the decryption keys and reference hashes, we
can facilitate a number of novel features such as file ownership, trade, and full
decentralization. With Opus, artists can monetize their content by selling permanent access to their IPFS music files and decryption keys directly to a fans
Ethereum contract, without any middleman. With additional application layers,
Opus music players introduce a novel way for users to maintain ownership of
music tracks they played across different players and different continents. As
everything is transparently stored in the Opus smart contract, we will also facilitate additional governance mechanisms such as a Opus DAO (Decentralized
Autonomous Organization) treasury funded from a small percentage of each
sale, and an artist bounty system that allows artists to pay a small amount for
people to share their tracks. The possibilities are endless

Contents
1

Introduction

5

1.1

Problem overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5

1.2

Why? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5

1.3

Mission statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5

Page 2
2

3

Core objectives

6

2.1

Engineering the worlds most efficient music-sharing platform . . . . . .

6

2.2

Build a seamless user experience from the ground up . . . . . . . . . . .

6

2.3

Provide free-market incentives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

7

2.4

Implement a successful marketing plan to ensure long-term growth . . . .

7

Technology

8

3.1

Overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8

3.2

Interplanetary File System - IPFS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8

3.2.1

What is IPFS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8

3.2.2

Scalability of IPFS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

9

3.2.3

Opus and IPFS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

10

Smart contracts and Ethereum . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11

3.3.1

Opus logic on a smart contract . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11

3.3.2

Ethereum instead of a custom block chain . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11

File IO . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

12

3.4.1

Between EVM and player: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

12

3.4.2

Between IPFS and browser: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

13

3.4.3

Uploading tracks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

13

3.4.4

Playing back tracks: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

13

3.4.5

Incentivizing permanent song availability . . . . . . . . . . . . .

14

3.5

Encryption of music files . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

14

3.6

Opus UMRN . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

15

3.6.1

Spam protection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

15

3.6.2

Music upload format standards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

17

Artist bounty and curation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

17

3.7.1

Artist bounty . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

17

3.7.2

Curator incentives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

18

Augmenting Ethereum smart contracts and IPFS . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

18

3.8.1

Verifying uploaded hashes with IPFS records . . . . . . . . . . .

18

3.8.2

Interfacing between Ethereum contracts, and the IPFS swarm . .

19

3.3

3.4

3.7

3.8

4

CONTENTS

Front-end user applications: Opus core players

20

4.1

20

Mobile application wireframe: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 3
4.2
5

6

9

22
23

5.1

Specification: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

23

5.2

Token standard . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

23

5.2.1

23

ERC23 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Crowdfunding

24

6.1

Why crowdfunding? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

24

6.1.1

Token sale philosophy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

24

Structure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

24

6.2.1

Contributing in other crypto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

25

6.2.2

Token creation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

25

6.3

Worst case distribution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

25

6.4

Use of funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

26

Platform mass-adoption incentives

27

7.1

Business model . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

27

7.1.1

Artists on Opus . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

27

7.1.2

Music fans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

27

7.1.3

Token holders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

28

Network effects . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

28

7.2.1

Existing network effects in the music industry . . . . . . . . . . .

28

7.2.2

Switching incentives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

28

7.2.3

The Opus DAO . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

29

7.2

8

Opus web-player wireframe: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Token mechanism

6.2

7

CONTENTS

Governance and marketing: Opus DAO

30

8.1

Opus Treasury . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

30

8.2

Opus DAO . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

30

8.3

Voting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

30

Case studies

32

9.1

Why does Opus need to be decentralized . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

32

9.2

The voracious musicophile who listens to a wide selection of artists . . .

32

9.3

The music collector . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

33

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 4

CONTENTS

9.4

The Audiophile . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

33

9.5

The amateur hip-hop artist releasing his first track . . . . . . . . . . . . .

33

9.6

The established artist seeking a bigger audience . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

34

9.7

The playlist wizard . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

34

9.8

Marketing professionals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

34

10 Roadmap

35

11 Market analysis

36

11.1 Overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

36

11.2 Opus market breakout . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

36

11.2.1 China . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

36

11.2.2 International . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

36

11.2.3 Niche markets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

37

12 Opus platform projection

38

12.1 Methodology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

38

12.2 Conservative projection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

38

12.3 Ideal projection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

39

12.4 Exceptional projection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

39

13 Conclusion

40

14 Contact

41

14.1 Email . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

41

14.2 Phone . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

41

14.3 Location . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

41

14.4 Social media . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

41

15 references

42

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 5

1. INTRODUCTION

1. Introduction
1.1. Problem overview
The global music industry is growing, generating $42.93Bn in revenue in 2016. Despite
the growing market for music services, the current bureaucratic system of labels, artist
managers, and distribution services have largely choked the smaller artist that cannot
negotiate sponsorship deals with big brands, and who rely on direct artist-to-fan sales.
[statista ]
In addition, centralized streaming platforms take up to 80% of the entire revenue stream,
harming many small artists. While direct artist-to-fan sales were possible in the past,
artists today are forced to rely on monopolized streaming platforms such as Spotify, which
pay as little as $0.0003 USD per play. Established artists that rely on tours and sponsorships can tolerate this, but smaller artists, that only have a fan base of a few thousand,
cannot survive on this tiny revenue stream. [McCandless et al. ]

1.2. Why?
Why is it that streaming trumps owning in the 21st century? It is because, the digital
revolution has rendered digital ownership of songs virtually impossible. Songs and tracks
can be deleted, moved and copied easily on listeners computer with ease. There is no
ownership of a tracks the digital space.
What streaming platforms such as Spotify, Tidal, and Deezer offer today is not ownership
of a song but rather an central curated interface between music tracks and the audience.
This curation of digital songs is why streaming platforms have overtaken direct music
sales.
Artists have no choice but to choose the exploitative Spotify pay-to-use model
over the outdated traditional pay-to-own model. In fact, many artists, such as pop star
Taylor Swift, have taken their stance against the pay-to-use model by pulling tracks out
of streaming services as a way to send a message. Unfortunately, this results in friction
between fans and artists. Fans today have to manage numerous different music platforms
such as Sound Cloud, YouTube, and Pandora, while artists struggle for fair compensation.

1.3. Mission statement
The Opus foundations mission is to create a decentralized music-sharing platform that
is uncensorable, fair and easy to use  a system that gives a greater choice to listeners and
fair market value compensation to artists.
Opus is a major disruptive force driving the way music is shared in the twenty first
century. By cutting out major middle-men in the music recording industry  record labels,
monopolized distribution platforms, label companies, and studios  that have a major
stake in the music industry, Opus will empower small artists and pose a new paradigm
shift in the way people listen to and pay for music.
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 6

2. CORE OBJECTIVES

No doubt, there will be resistance towards the Opus platform from existing institutions holding artists hostage. However Opus is well positioned to take advantage of the
decentralized nature of smart contracts and IPFS, to revolutionize the music industry in a
significant manner.

2. Core objectives
2.1. Engineering the worlds most efficient music-sharing platform
Leveraging the bleeding-edge of distributed ledger systems such as IPFS, and the immutable nature of distributed smart contracts on Ethereum, the Opus foundation aims to
build the infrastructure from the ground up in a highly network-efficient manner with
minimum latency.
The Opus core development team, lead by a team of passionate industry-leading computer
scientists and Engineers, are currently:
 Optimizing the infrastructure layer of file distribution, setting industry standards.
 Auditing the distributed protocol layer on Ethereum smart contracts.
 Finalizing the Universal Music Reference Number(UMRN) registry
 Improving our application layer, which is the final API interaction between the
Ethereum block chain, IPFS and the user.
 Further developing our LIVE music player running off the block-chain, which is
one of many application gateways to the Opus platform.
 Developing additional platform governance models (e.g monthly dividends for
platform activity, discounts by contract music ownership) and a contract-level
marketing fund.

2.2. Build a seamless user experience from the ground up
User experience is the key to successful long-term growth of a business. Amazons CEO
Jeff Bezos invested 100 times more in customer experiencing than marketing in the first
5 years . Airbnbs CEO Mike Gebbia credits UX withtaking the company to be worth
$10 billion. Good user experience is clearly good for business. Studies show that companies that invest in UX see significant increases in user Uptake and adoption compared to
similar products.
The team at Opus takes this concept seriously. In fact, we have designed our platform
around the point of a great user experience. In the block chain-world, many interactions
are crude with complicated hoops and unintuitive interfaces. What we have managed to
do is shatter this barrier with a infrastructure and UI/UX level experience that is intuitive
and responsive to use with tested sub-second latency.
In a environment heavily focused on pure conceptual ideas, Opus plans to invest resources
in UI/UX to provide a great user experience, poising us to capture a significant share of
the $40Bn a year music streaming industry.
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 7

2. CORE OBJECTIVES

2.3. Provide free-market incentives
Big streaming services and middlemen such as Apple Music and Spotify have strictenforced policies on the pricing model artists are allowed to use. Apple Music, for instance, limits songs at either $0.99 or $1.29. This centrally determined and restrictive
pricing model means that popular artists cannot price their music appropriate to their
market segment, severely limiting their potential. If smaller or niche artists would like to
sell music at a higher prices, they cannot with current centralized systems.
The Opus team believes in a free-market system where artists can publish at the price fit
for their audience. We will not enforce a one-size-fits-all model for pricing. Rather, the
Opus players will relay the price of the song as set by the artist. Fans can then decide if
they wish to purchase the song.
Because of the free-market based infrastructure, artists are incentivized to price and upload songs fans are willing to pay. For instance, artists may record higher bit-rate songs
(640Kbps) and charge a premium for it.

2.4. Implement a successful marketing plan to ensure long-term
growth
After ensuring all the infrastructure is in place, Opus will promote the platform through
both Sponsorship and indirect advertising. Our plan is to on-board artists while at the
same time promoting the platform to fans. There are many new markets, especially in
countries such as China, which have no established music platformsa void Opus could
occupy.
Unlike many block chain projects that only focus on a core concept, the main goal of
the Opus foundation is to bring the technology to the mainstream audience. While we
have invested serious resources in producing infrastructure-level innovations, we are also
as committed to campaigning and transforming Opus into a platform as ubiquitous as
Spotify has become in the last 35 years.

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 8

3. TECHNOLOGY

3. Technology
3.1. Overview

Figure 1. Overview of the Opus platform

As engineers and computer scientists, we believe in designing enterprise-grade solutions
that are scalable at heart and reliable in practice.
What we propose in this paper is a 4 layer system that utilizes IPFS as a storage layer, a
novel JSON-formatted UMRN database as a directory layer, Ethereum smart-contracts as
a logic layer, and open-sourced APIs and applications as the front-end application layer.
By separating storage and logic into two discrete layers, we enable both a high level of
decentralization and scalability.

3.2. Interplanetary File System - IPFS
3.2.1. What is IPFS
Interplanetary File System (IPFS) is a peer-to-peer distributed file system that connects
computing devices with the same system of files. In some ways, IPFS is similar to the
Web, but IPFS could be seen as a single BitTorrent swarm, exchanging objects within
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 9

3. TECHNOLOGY

one Git repository. In other words, IPFS provides a high throughput content-addressed
block storage model, with content addressed hyper links. This forms a generalized Merkle
DAG, a data structure upon which one can build versioned file systems, blockchains, and
even a Permanent Web. IPFS combines a distributed hash table, an incentivized block
exchange, and a self-certifying namespace. IPFS has no single point of failure, and nodes
do not need to trust each other. [Benet ]

Figure 2. IPFS is a hypermedia protocol addressed by content and identities
instead of traditional location addressing

At the IPFS protocol level, the system is fully neutral and the nodes can run over any
transport protocol. In fact, IPFS nodes do not have to be referenced by a centralized IP.
IPFS nodes can run through different network architectures such as NDN (Named Data
Networking), XIA (eXpressive Internet Architecture) and more. This transport-neutral
network protocol will ensure that IPFS can be transmitted through any network and
resist censorship.
IPFS is an emerging, revolutionary paradigm in decentralized storage. By not storing
any aspect of the platform on a centralized server, no organization, not even the Opus
foundation, can censor or limit any artist that wishes to publish on the Opus platform.
3.2.2. Scalability of IPFS
The IPFS protocol is a collection of protocols served from a swarm of IPFS nodes.
However, the network layer can perform network activities through a single TCP or UDP
port. IPFS can multiplex many point-to-point connections simultaneously.
For instance each node can:





listen on a particular TCP/IP address
listen on a different UDT/UDP/IP address
have multiple streams open to node X,Y,Z
multiplexes streams over HTTP2 to multiple nodes

Swarm listening on /ip4/122.32.312.2/udp/2001
Swarm listening on /ip4/172.31.12.226/tcp/4001
Swarm listening on /ip6/::1/tcp/4001
API server listening on /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/5001
Gateway (readonly) server listening on /ip4/0.0.0.0/tcp/8080

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 10

3. TECHNOLOGY

With such a dynamic level of flexibility and scalability, just like HTTP, there is no limit
to the scalability of IPFS. On opus, the total latency increases with t = O(C), where
C = constant, and capacity increases with t = O(n), where n = Files on the network.
As the network gets larger, the total latency should remain relative low with a smooth
streaming experience.[Benet et al. ]

3.2.3. Opus and IPFS
The IPFS system enables the Opus smart contract to index individual music tracsk onto a
permanent and immutable hash. This hash ensures permanent ownership of the music
file on the IPFS swarm.
Take the hash QmUhD25MRvghabeUxPxc7qBtzSnZvQn8DG2WgrbMkPRqRF for
instance. This hash is the permanent global reference to an unencrypted music track
track (written by Arief Zulkifli) accessible through the IPFS swarm network.
We can verify that such a hash induces a immutable bijection between a unique file by
examining the Merkle hash tree of the node files.

Figure 3. Merkle hash root diagram

If a rogue node attacks the network, the majority network would recognize a change in
the root hash and search for new nodes, ensuring that the network maintains a immutable
storage of tracks. This immutable nature of IPFS is important on a mainstream scale.
Considering that Opus will have a profound effect on the music streaming industry.
There may be political, social and economic incentives (government sanction) for nodes
to alter the files referenced by the original hash. However, because this will change the
hash tree of the file, it is computationally and cryptographically impossible.
You can play this track by accessing the reference hash through a locally-hosted Node.js
IPFS access point. You can also access this unencrypted track through HTTP API
gateways such as:
https://gateway.opusfoundation.org/ipfs/QmUhD25MRvghabeUxPxc7qBtzSnZvQn8DG2WgrbMkPRqRF
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 11

3. TECHNOLOGY

3.3. Smart contracts and Ethereum
Smart contracts are immutable programs that execute when certain conditions are met.
These smart contracts can be scripted with a predetermined set of instructions or
custom instructions on the virtual machine which will then be executed in an immutable
and transparent fashion.
Smart contracts are much better than traditional channels because smart contracts can be
verified quickly and cheaply and are fully transparent. Logic can also be coded into
smart contracts in the form of Turing-complete computer code. Doing so enables
something revolutionary: a fully decentralized program. In such a decentralized
crypto-graphically secured network, Its economically impossible to prevent the
execution of the smart contracts, especially when copies of the code are verified and
executed among millions computers.
3.3.1. Opus logic on a smart contract
While the Opus storage layer, is able to deliver vast volumes of data (We have tested
IPFS throughout to exceed 20Mb/s with 300ms latency), without a core payment and
logic layer, artists will not be compensated for uploading tracks to the Opus protocol.
Curators will also not be paid for their services in creating playlists and sharing music
tracks. Opus needs a logic layer that processes payments directly from artist to curator
and fan to artist while at the same time securing ownership and trade of digital songs.
We do this using Ethereum smart contracts. Using smart contracts, artists and fans can
rest assured 100% of the payments are delivered to the artists transparently, immutably
and without intermediaries taking large chunks of revenue. Artists can also rest assured
that their revenue stream will not change at the whim of corporate greed.
Furthermore, by ensuring that not only the storage layer, but the logic layer is also fully
decentralized, the Opus platform delivers a truly decentralized service. The Opus
protocol, unlike many other blockchain-based music platforms, stores nothing on a
central server , such that no external company or entity can stop the administrative and
operative functions of Opus.
3.3.2. Ethereum instead of a custom block chain
Creating a custom C++ optimized blockchain for Opus is definitely a possibility. In fact,
the Opus team experimented with C++ modifications of Bitcoin which is also
programmable. However, it was extremely time-intensive and prone to human error to
develop such a system. As well, the limiting set of default functions in Bitcoin core
meant that a lot of time had to be gone into re-creating common data structures.
Bitcoin default operations:
case
case
case
case
case

OP_ADD:
OP_SUB:
OP_BOOLAND:
OP_BOOLOR:
OP_NUMEQUAL:

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 12

case
case
case
case
case
case
case
case

3. TECHNOLOGY

OP_NUMEQUALVERIFY:
OP_NUMNOTEQUAL:
OP_LESSTHAN:
OP_GREATERTHAN:
OP_LESSTHANOREQUAL:
OP_GREATERTHANOREQUAL:
OP_MIN:
OP_MAX:

[Nakamoto ]
Ethereum, on the other hand, has a much higher level of abstraction, common data
structures, inheritance, encapsulation, and more. [wood ]
Additionally, it would be economically difficult to use proof-of-work (POW) to secure
an independent Opus protocol, as there are potential incentives for third parties to attack
the protocol (e.g., existing streaming services). It would also be much more effective to
utilize an existing programmable block-chain solution such as Ethereum which has
significantly higher resistance towards attacks.

3.4. File IO
3.4.1. Between EVM and player:
Ethereum JavaScript web3 API is an interaction between a virtually instantiated Opus
node and the Ethereum virtual machine (EVM). This lightweight node can be
instantiated within a browser or on a local client device such as a desktop or mobile
phone.
Purchasing a decryption key on your Smart contract through client-side
JavaScript:
purchaseAndPlay: (licenseAddress)=>{
let price = workList[licenseAddress].price;
if(price > balance){
App.setStatus("Insufficient balance...");
throw "insufficient balance";
}
App.setStatus("Initiating transaction...(Please wait)");
console.log(workList);
App.getSongFromAddress(licenseAddress).then((instance) => {
return instance.getPrice.call();
}).then((price) =>{
OpusToken.at(tokenAddress).then((opus) => {
return opus.transfer(licenseAddress, price, {from: account});
}).then(()=>{
App.setStatus("Transaction complete!");
App.refreshStatus();
App.playSong(licenseAddress);
}).catch((e) => {
console.log(e);
App.setStatus("Error purchasing song...");
});
})
},

Smart contract license purchase interface:

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 13

3. TECHNOLOGY

function processPurchase(address _from, uint _value, bytes
if(ownership[_from]){
throw;
}
if(!(msg.sender == tokenAddress)){
throw;
}
if(_value < price){
throw;
}
ownership[_from] = true;
uint refund = price.sub(_value);
token.transfer(owner, price);
if(refund > 0){
token.transfer(_from, refund);
}
}

_data) public {

3.4.2. Between IPFS and browser:
Communication between the IPFS network and the Opus platform is through the IPFS
Remote Procedural Call (RPC) API. For more lightweight clients, it would be advisable
to connect through IPFS gateways operated by the third-party players. While this could
be potential attack vectors, the lack of a large local node would enable more people
access to the Opus platform
3.4.3. Uploading tracks
The Opus foundations core uploader will provide an interface between the IPFS and
EVM. Uploading tracks can also be achieved through any third-party uploader that
follows UMRN formatting and the Opus encryption algorithm. Uploads that dont
follow the correct standard will result in music tracks unable to be played and purchased
by other third-party Opus players, thus reducing their potential market.
What if a third-party uploader does not follow the correct format?
Track uploads are guided by economic game theory. It costs a tiny fraction of OPTs
(Opus tokens) to register tracks to the UMRN (see section 3.6.1). If a third-party
uploader does not upload according to specification, other players will not recognize the
track, and sales from that particular uploader will be reduced. Since artists want to have
a broad reach, they will upload tracks in the correct format and correct metadata to
access the biggest market.
3.4.4. Playing back tracks:
The Opus core music player and any other third party can play tracks back almost
spontaneously at a tested 200ms delay. The main bottleneck is the RPC calls and
response between the Opus API and the EVM (Ethereum virtual machine). However,
this delay is comparable to many popular streaming services. In fact, because of the
decentralized mesh nature of IPFS, sometimes this latency is smaller than traditional
platforms in more populated regions.
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 14

3. TECHNOLOGY

Playing songs from IPFS using keys in the Opus smart contract:
playSong: (licenseAddress)=>{
App.loadPlayingToPage(licenseAddress);
var Opus;
App.getSongFromAddress(licenseAddress).then(function(instance) {
Opus = instance;
return Opus.requestKeyandHash.call({from: account});
}).then((res) => {
var _key = res[0];
var _hash = res[1];
var _url = App.gatewayUrlfromHash(_hash);
var _player = document.getElementById("audioplayer");
_player.src = _url;
App.playbackwithKey(licenceAddress, _key);
}).catch((e) => {
console.log(e);
})
},

3.4.5. Incentivizing permanent song availability
IPFS hashes ensure that each hash corresponds to one unique tracks on the swarm such
that if a new node joins the network, the entire network will get access to the track stored
on the node. This will ensure the security of the files streamed from IPFS hashes.
However, there may still be issues regarding permanent availability of files. While there
are incentives for artists to keep backups of the tracks they release, its not enforced, so
there is a very slim chance that the swarm network may lose the permanent music
track. Currently, the only way to ensure permanent availability is for nodes to accept
swarm data and host them voluntarily like a P2P node.
Luckily, there are currently in development many in-situ decentralized mechanisms to
maintain IPFS solutions. One such mechanism is Filecoin, which pays decentralized
storage nodes that host files to maintain copies of the music files. As music tracks are
negligibly small, we can, in the future, incorporate a negligible fee per track sale and
have it automatically transfer to a Filecoin host for hosting music tracks in the off chance
that files are not available from the IPFS swarm. [Filecoin ]

3.5. Encryption of music files
Music files, even though only a few Mb, are too large to store on the EVM. Therefore,
we store the files within the IPFS swarm. However, the music files can be viewed
publicly and permanently by anybody on the IPFS swarm. Opus employs a secure
encryption algorithm to ensure that only the owner of the music can access the file.
What Opus uses is a lightweight public-private key-encryption model to restrict access to
only the owners of the song. The AES 256-bit (Advanced Encryption Standards)
encryption ensures that data can be efficiently encrypted in a lightweight manner while
streaming the music file.
The files are streamed and decrypted on the fly between the IPFS network, through the
Opus API, to individual clients. To do this smoothly, we divide the music tracks into
chunks (chunking) which will be decrypted and encrypted on the fly. The
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 15

3. TECHNOLOGY

Figure 4. Diagram of the AES-256 bit Encryption architecture Opus uses

Opus-decryption library will be a modification of the Crypto++ AES C++ library that
provides high throughput encryption and decryption of data files.

3.6. Opus UMRN
The book industry has ISBN, a standardized book referencing database managed by the
ISBN central authority. Registering a single number within the ISBN foundation costs
$125 USDwhile cheap for professional authors, its a significant amount to smaller
amateur authors.
What Opus proposes is a novel high-throughput music relay registry known as UMRN.
The registry for UMRN will be generated at a low cost within a Relay Ethereum smart
contract, with the registry database hosted immutably on the IPFS swarm. UMRN is a
novel music identification format and registry database for the music industry that
enables small artists to register and Opus players to identify millions of tracks within a
globalized and immutable ledger.

3.6.1. Spam protection
WWhile the UMRN registry database file within the IPFS swarm can sustain extremely
high throughput, the Opus API will be able to search through the JSON database at a
speed of t = O(log(n)) which means that limn O(log(n)) 
= (). While the database
can scale very well (log(n)), at extreme sizes, the database can be grow too big. . We
would need to economically limit spam attacks that bloat the UMRN database while
ensuring that amateur musicians do not have to pay extortionate fees to register their
tracks.
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 16

3. TECHNOLOGY

To do this, the Opus UMRN smart contract registry uses the sigmoid function,
commonly found in machine learning statistical normalization, to increase the cost per
block to an exponential limit when a high amount of registrations (e.g., 100 per block)
are initiated. This ensures that when not under attack, the token cost will be virtually
nothing to register a track. When a large number of registrations are made per block, the
cost will scale rapidly, depleting the attacker of OPTs.
Cost function C(x) for registering a track onto the UMRN database.
C(x) =


1+

x
e ( 15

(1)

 5)

Total cost Tot(x) per block a function of the number of transactions x within the block.
T ot(x) =

Z x
0


1+

x
e ( 10

 5)

dx

(2)

x

e5 + e 20
T ot(x) = 20log(
)
1 + e5

(3)

Figure 5. Cost function

The UMRN relay contract permits a large number of transactions at a low price before
increasing quickly to a asymptotic limit. This is to deter spam while also creating a
theoretical ceiling to enable artists to release tracks at a slightly higher fee during a spam
attack. Such a defense is crucial as there are incentives from existing large streaming
platforms to attack the Opus protocol, especially the Opus UMRN database.
The cost is with respect to . We examine the optimal setting for the magnitude of  in
OP T
. In 2011 there were an estimated 97 million songs in existence. We take a

conservative estimate of 10 Million songs registered on the Opus platform at a
mainstream adoption level. Then approximately 750,000 OPTs will be burnt. We need
to maintain sufficient liquidity so we plan to burn around 10 % of the total OPT
generated from the crowd sale. This means that after the crowd sale, we will determine 
max
by  = Supply
10750000
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 17

3. TECHNOLOGY

Table 1. Cost for registering tracks for different throughputs

 OPT per registration  OPT burnt in block

Adoption levels
Normal (1-2) tx per block

0.0074  0.003

0.01407

Mainstream (40-60)

0.07585  0.015

1.444

1.00

299.9

Spam Attack (300-500)

This  cost level will be inherent in the UMRN registry contract that will manage the
JSON registry stored within the IPFS swarm.
3.6.2. Music upload format standards
The Opus foundation defines a set of guidelines for artists publishing tracks on the Opus
protocol and that are compatible with Opus API. Because of the immutable nature of
Ethereum smart contracts and files stored on IPFS, we introduce a universal music
metadata format for each track stored in the same location as the UMRN JSON file.
The meta data format standard will be in compliance with existing database systems as
dictated by the guidelines published by the Music Business Association [Towns ]. This
music meta data style guide represents many corporations such as but not limited to:
Amazon, Beats, BMI, Disney Music Group, Google, Epitaph, iTunes, Microsoft, and
Sony. The Opus foundation intends Opus to be as user-friendly as possible, including for
the artists. Therefore, by complying with existing meta data standards, we will ensure
compliance with many of todays existing infrastructure.
Metadata guidelines:







Artist Name and multiple authors in CSV form
Track title in Unicode
Genre of the track
Length of track in ss:hh:mm
Country of publication
Album/single. (If album, use the same album reference number as generated by
the Opus relay contract.)
 Sampling of the audio file
 Publisher (optional)

3.7. Artist bounty and curation
3.7.1. Artist bounty
Smaller artists often lack a way to promote their music. Traditional marketing channels
involve large upfront payments and obtrusive direct advertising, which dont correlate
with potential revenue.
What Opus introduces is the Artist Bounty system, which is a novel way for artists to
promote their music by directly involving the music community. In the bounty system,
artists can offer a small amount of OPT per track downloaded to people who share music
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 18

3. TECHNOLOGY

through a personalized affiliate link. This will incentivize people to share their favorite
songs with their friends, as they will get a small cut for each song purchased through
their personal function call. For instance, an artist may charge 2.5 OPT for each song but
offer a 0.3 OPT bounty for every purchase through the bounty system.
3.7.2. Curator incentives
Another piece of the music industry often ignores is the numerous curators and music
specialists that publish music playlists and charts for your enjoyment. At Opus, we wish
to ensure that everybody is fairly treated so that popular and reputed curators can
generate revenue with our artist bounty system by collecting the artist bounties from
tracks offered through their custom playlists.
License purchase interface with bounty recipient(sharer) as optional argument:
function processPurchase(address _from, uint _value, bytes _data) public {
bool bounty = false;
if(_data){
bounty = true;
address sharer = _data;
}
if(ownership[_from] || !(msg.sender == tokenAddress)){
throw;
}
if(bounty && (sharer == _from)){
throw;
}
if(_value < price){
throw;
}
ownership[_from] = true;
uint refund = price.sub(_value);
if(bounty){
uint artistRevenue = price.sub(bountyAmount);
token.transfer(owner, artistRevenue);
token.transfer(sharer, bountyAmount);
PurchaseWithBounty(_from, sharer);
}else{
token.transfer(owner, price);
Purchase(_from);
}
if(refund > 0){
token.transfer(_from, refund);
}
}

3.8. Augmenting Ethereum smart contracts and IPFS
Ethereum defines the logic, value transfer, and governance of Opus while IPFS stores the
data used by the Opus platform. By merging the two systems, we overcome the storage
and latency limitations of Ethereum while incorporating the immutable logic attributes
of Ethereum.
3.8.1. Verifying uploaded hashes with IPFS records
Conventionally, its impossible for Ethereum to communicate directly with the IPFS
swarm without a third-party central bridge or Oracle. While using a third-party authority
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 19

3. TECHNOLOGY

was a possibility, the Opus foundation wanted the entire system to decentralize
What Opus proposes is a novel economic mechanism that incentivizes people to upload
correctly formatted, hashed, and referenced tracks onto the Opus registry relay which
will then be directly relayed, in-situ, to both entities. While each system could be
spammed, by incentivizing people to upload correctly, what we have created is a robust
relay system connected between Ethereum and the IPFS swarm.
3.8.2. Interfacing between Ethereum contracts, and the IPFS swarm
Ethereum and IPFS are to the block chain world what DNS providers and servers are to
the World Wide Web. The DNS was created in the 1980s ARPANET to solve a crucial
issue of directing traffic to different computers based on a centrally maintained file called
Hosts.txt kept at Stanford. This ensured that traffic could be directed easily within the
network. [Pope et al. ]
While creating a central authority (like Stanfords DNS) would have been a easy
shortcut, it would defeat the purpose of decentralization. Without a central look-up table
between Ethereum and IPFS files, Opus uses economic spam protection along with the
Immutable nature of IPFS to ensure that files referenced are legitimate.

Figure 6. Opus IPFS content referencing

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 20

4. FRONT-END USER APPLICATIONS: OPUS CORE PLAYERS

4. Front-end user applications: Opus core players
Third-party apps can use the Opus API to create their own players (e.g., different Bitcoin
wallets). However, the core team also plans to release our own Opus core players.
While the Opus core players will be a stable platform to access the Opus API, we will be
releasing documentation and API guides to third-party developers. We will also be
open-sourcing every aspect of the player. The Opus team believes in open-sourced
decentralization and so will be encouraging external developers that take advantage of
the Opus API in their products.
Nevertheless, we encourage third-party developers to reach out to us at
info@opus-foundation.org for advice on Opus design guidelines that will ensure a
premium user experience.

4.1. Mobile application wireframe:

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 21

4. FRONT-END USER APPLICATIONS: OPUS CORE PLAYERS

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 22

4. FRONT-END USER APPLICATIONS: OPUS CORE PLAYERS

4.2. Opus web-player wireframe:

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 23

5. TOKEN MECHANISM

5. Token mechanism
5.1. Specification:
Token name: Opus token (OPT)
Total supply: TBD after crowdsale (maximum 1600 million OPT)
Supply style: Deflationary
Format: ERC23 compliant
Divisibility: 1018
Tradeable between users: Yes
No more OPT will be created after the crowdsale.

5.2. Token standard
The ERC20 format provides a common interface for digital assets on the Ethereum
blockchain, making integration between different wallets, players, and exchanges a
seamless experience.
OPTs are designed to be fully compliant with ERC23 standards in order to ensure that
the tokens are compatible with all players, wallets (Mist, Geth, Metamask), and future
services (e.g., decentralized exchanges).
5.2.1. ERC23
The ERC23 standard is a new, backwards compatible, token format that solves some
issues existing in ERC20 :
 Handling of incomming transactions from the reciever contract
 Ensuring that transactions for one token will not be received by the receiving
contract of another.
 Ensuring uniformity within Ethereum such that the transfer() function is called
for both contract and account deposits.
As these improvements are backward compatible, the opus Protocol will fully embrace
these new token standard updates.
ERC223 token functions:
function
function
function
function
function
function
function
function

totalSupply() constant returns (uint256 totalSupply)
name() constant returns (string _name)
symbol() constant returns (string _symbol)
decimals() constant returns (uint8 _decimals)
balanceOf(address _owner) constant returns (uint256 balance)
transfer(address _to, uint _value, bytes _data) returns (bool success)
transfer(address _to, uint _value) returns (bool success)
tokenFallback(address _from, uint _value, bytes _data)

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 24

6. CROWDFUNDING

6. Crowdfunding
6.1. Why crowdfunding?
Our ultimate goal is to build a fully-functioning decentralized music player that will
revolutionize the mainstream music industry.
While the Opus team did receive a seed round of funding in December 2016, the Opus
foundation will reject additional VC and series A funding because our core philosophy is
to decentralize and bring power back to the artists and fans. Having shareholders not
only alters the incentives of the Opus foundation but also causes unnecessary
centralization of our platform. We would like to dictate the direction of Opus.
6.1.1. Token sale philosophy
We want to make the crowdsale process as fair to all participants as possible. However,
we also dont wish to collect unessesary amounts of money and so we will be
implementing a hard cap at around $20MM.
In an attempt to ensure decentralization, we will also be limiting the amount of donation
received from each address to 1000 ETH + 1% of the total supply.
With this structure, we hope that we not only ensure a decentralized nature of token
distributionwhich will help regarding network effectbut also have the best interests
of the crowdfunders in mind.

6.2. Structure
Table 2. Token sale structure

Phase

OPT received per ETH donated Bonus OPT

Angel funders (week 1)

8000

2000

Early bird (week 2)

7500

1500

Standard phase (week 3, 4)

7000

1000

Base

6000

0

LimitP erAddress(x) = 1000 +

T otal
100

Crowdsale smart contract dynamic limit per address:
function perAddressCap() constant public returns(uint){
//per address cap in Wei
uint baseline = 1000 * (10**18);
return baseline + presaleEtherRaised/100;
}

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

(4)

Page 25

6. CROWDFUNDING

Figure 7. Token sale structure

6.2.1. Contributing in other crypto
The Opus team believes in forward thinking and actively-developed platforms such as
Ethereum. However, to make sure that our crowdsale is as accessible to as many people
as possible, we will also be publishing a guide on how to create your first Ethereum
wallet and contribute through any other crypto such as Bitcoin, Dash, or Litecoin using a
converter such as Shapeshift.
6.2.2. Token creation
1600M Created initially at distribution
900M Will be available for fund raising
100M Will be held by the Opus foundation which will be used slowly for future
development in addition to stabilizing the market by helping establish a more stable
OPUS:USD exchange rate in the future.
600M Will be distributed to foundation, developers and angel investors. Overall
distribution: 20% to foundation, 10% to current and future team members and 7.5% to
angel investors.

6.3. Worst case distribution
We have seen many token sales in the past where the majority of tokens were purchased
by a few addresses, causing excessive centralization. Our novel crowdsale limiting
function is designed to prevent this.
otal
is reached
In the worst case scenario where the LimitP erAddress(x) = 1000 + T100
by every contribution address, we will still ensure a high level of decentralization as

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 26

6. CROWDFUNDING

shown in the simulation below (Figure 8).

Figure 8. Distribution of tokens by address in the case that the tokens are sold
out instantly

Even the richest address will only own 2% of the total supply (assuming tokens are sold
out)

6.4. Use of funds
Below is our planned use of funds. The majority of the tokens held by the Opus
foundation, team and angel investors (500M) which will be reserved for a few months or
when a situation arises that requires the need for OPT.

Figure 9. Expected use of funds

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 27

7. PLATFORM MASS-ADOPTION INCENTIVES

7. Platform mass-adoption incentives
7.1. Business model
7.1.1. Artists on Opus
Rising artists
Rising artists are inclined to release tracks on Opus because it allows them to price each
song as they wish in a free-market music marketplace. It also allows artists to diversify
into a new audience and revenue stream traditionally not available through platforms
such as Spotify. These amateur artists will be relieved to learn that they do not need to
sign long-term deals or pay hefty registration fees to list their work on the Opus platform.
Artists who are less established can release a preview of their track such as a 30-second
unencrypted portion of their music file. If a fan wishes to listen to the rest of the track, he
or she will be able to purchase the decryption key to the full song. This feature is entirely
up to the artist who is uploading songs to Opus.
Established artists
Established artists will also love the Opus protocol. Unlike existing streaming platforms
that take up to 80% of the revenue, the Opus protocol only takes 13% for a
community-voted governance fund. In addition, there is no possibility that tracks will be
de-listed from the platform or banned due to government restrictions.
With the paid bounty system build within the Ethereum Opus smart contract, artists can
also offer bounties for their fans to share music which not only significantly increases the
artists sales but also their fan base.
The fact that the underlying Opus protocol and infrastructure can be used by any
Opus-API player around the world means that the artist will have access to a much
bigger global audience and thus have a much bigger reach.
7.1.2. Music fans
Opus offers a revolutionary platform for music fans that enables them to have access to
their music collection straight from the Cloud permanently, rapidly, and wherever they
wish.
With the low barriers to entry, switching incentives, and the immutable nature of the
blockchain and IPFS swarm, we can expect the number of artists releasing songs on
Opus to be bigger than traditional platforms. This will offer the average music-head a
much wider selection of tracks through the Opus-API players compared to existing
fractured platforms.
Because songs are immutably stored in the IPFS system, music fans can again enjoy the
buy-to-own model and rest assured that they will always be in control of their music
across all platforms.
In addition to this, with the artist bounty system, fans that are popular within their social
circles can also make some money by sharing their purchase contract address. Fans
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 28

7. PLATFORM MASS-ADOPTION INCENTIVES

make a small cut (optionally determined by the promoting artist) for every purchase
made through their bounty address. This could be attractive to listeners looking to make
some side income.

7.1.3. Token holders
Just like Ethereums value is derived from the value of the services provided by the
Ethereum network, or the value of Bitcoin is derived from the value of the services and
potential future services underlying Bitcoins. OPTs value will be derived from the
current and potential music services provided by the Opus platform: an $43
billion-dollar-a-year market.
If demand for OPT from music fans and artists increase as adoption increases, then the
value of the tokens will reflect this increased demand. For instance, if 100 albums are
sold on the platform at a price of $9.99 and there are only 50 OPT, then artists will price
albums at 0.5 OPT, resulting in a price of each OPT to be around $20. There is safety in
that OPTs are backed by real products that have real world value which will support the
value of OPTs.
In addition, holders of OPT will be able to participate in the OpusDAO where they can
decide on the future of opus and approve DAO proposal submitters.

7.2. Network effects
7.2.1. Existing network effects in the music industry
While brand loyalty exists within specific streaming platforms, the overall entrenchment
of the industry is relatively low. Services such as Spotify and SoundCloud are less than
10 years old, and many fans already use multiple platforms. Many albums are
fragmented, available on some platforms and not available on others.
In addition, most existing platforms have adopted streaming models but not song sales.
Because existing platforms are mostly streaming-oriented, music fans dont have a lot of
sunk cost regarding purchased songs when switching platforms.
It doesnt hurt to switch to Opus.

7.2.2. Switching incentives
The Opus foundation will provide switching incentives (like Spotify does) through
bounties and campaigns, but also provide a better user experience with User
Interface/User Experience designers working on our team. As research has found, better
UI/UX is often the determining factor for most people looking to switch platforms. By
having a comparable or better user experience, low latency and high scalability, we hope
to overcome the network effect.
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 29

7. PLATFORM MASS-ADOPTION INCENTIVES

7.2.3. The Opus DAO
The Opus smart contract also has an in-situ governance fund generated from 23% of
sales revenue. This will be used to fund the Opus DAO to promote the platform and
hence generate additional growth and increase the governance fund - A positive
feedback loop [Read more in 8.2 and 8.3]

Figure 10. The Opus DAO network effect

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 30

8. GOVERNANCE AND MARKETING: OPUS DAO

8. Governance and marketing: Opus DAO
Any evolving network needs to live and breathe independently from the core
development team. We at the Opus foundation truly believe in this democratic
philosophy. Not only have we open-sourced all our code, but we have also
implemented certain decentralized democratic features within Opus:

8.1. Opus Treasury
The Opus marketing & development fund will be a fund derived from all music sales on
the Opus smart contract. Our current plan is to take approximately 2-3 % of the music
sales, but this can be changed depending on what the community wants when the Main
net is released. We are currently tweaking the numbers for the Opus treasury.
We will be using this Opus treasury to sponsor programs, just like the Dash Master node
fund[Duffield and Diaz ]. However, anybody will be able to vote, and their vote will be
weighted based on how many OPT they own. We weigh each vote by the amount of OPT
the voting address owns in order to protect against Sybil attacks.

8.2. Opus DAO
Any individual will be able to propose a request to the Opus network. However,
proposals will burn 1000 OPT to stop spam. There will be a 1 month period for voting
and submissions where the number of Yes/No votes are weighted by the number of OPT
tokens the voter holds. Anybody can participate in this voting procedure. At end of the
month, winning proposals will be funded. [Jentzsch ]

8.3. Voting
To make the best use of these funds, we will implement a monthly voting framework,
like the DAO in Dash. [Duffield and Diaz ]. Users who own a significant amount of
OPT, and who have the networks best interest at heart, will be able to vote monthly on
budget proposals people submit to the network. At the end of the month, OPT will be
paid to the winning proposals.
Voting on the Opus DAO
/*Voting interface*/
function vote(
uint proposalNumber,
bool supportsProposal,
string justificationText
)
returns (uint voteID)
{
Proposal p = proposals[proposalNumber];
if (p.voted[msg.sender] == true) throw;
p.voted[msg.sender] = true;
p.numberOfVotes++;
Vote v = Vote(supportsProposal, msg.sender, justificationText);
p.votes.push(v);
Voted(proposalNumber, supportsProposal, msg.sender, justificationText);
return p.numberOfVotes;
}
/*Tally*/
function currentResult(Proposal p) private constant returns (int) {
//Tally with weight based on token possession

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 31

8. GOVERNANCE AND MARKETING: OPUS DAO

uint result = 0;
for (uint i; i<p.votes.length, i++){
Vote v = votes[i];
if(v.inSupport) {
result += token.balanceOf(v.voter);
}else{
result -= token.balanceOf(v.voter);
}
}
return result;
}
/*Proposal execution*/
function executeProposal(uint proposalNumber, bytes transactionBytecode) {
Proposal p = proposals[proposalNumber];
if (block.number < p.votingDeadline
|| p.executed
|| p.proposalHash != sha3(p.recipient, p.amount, transactionBytecode)
|| p.numberOfVotes < minimumQuorum)
throw;
int result = currentResult(p);
if (result > majorityMargin) {
// Prevent re-entry
p.executed = true;
if (!token.transferFrom(DAOfund, p.recipient, p.amount)) {
throw;
}
p.proposalPassed = true;
} else {
p.proposalPassed = false;
}
// Fire Events
ProposalTallied(proposalNumber, p.currentResult, p.numberOfVotes,
p.proposalPassed);
}
}

Unused funds will be burnt each month, reducing the overall OPT supply and increasing
the value of each individual OPT token.
Since OPT tokens are divisible by 1018 , a deflationary supply is not an issue on the
operations of Opus.

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 32

9. CASE STUDIES

9. Case studies
9.1. Why does Opus need to be decentralized
Just two days after Frank Oceans Blondeone of the biggest releases of the
yearreleased on Apples iTunes, Lucian Grainge, CEO of Universal Music Group
(UMG)and widely regarded as the most powerful executive in the music
industryreportedly ordered the companys labels to stop the practice of making
exclusive distribution deals with streaming services. One day later, the tracks were
ordered to be shut down from Spotify and Apple music by UMG against Franks wishes.
These centralized services had to comply. Frank Ocean could be facing charges of up to
$2 million USD against UMG and other recording outlets.
Issues like these are the reason why centralized platforms and contracts are currently
plaguing the music recording industry. They tear artists between dwindling traditional
sources of revenue and exploitative online services.
We completely agree that decentralization and blockchain are the buzzwords of today
with numerous companies and institutes creating blockchain products simply because
of the popularity of blockchain. Many of these projects either fail to understand the
meaning of decentralized or simply dont implement a fully decentralized product,
selling a pseudo-decentralized platform. The Opus protocol is completely,
fundamentally, and technologically different. Our protocol delivers a truly
blockchain-based service that is purely decentralized, unlike many other decentralized
platforms in existence today. There isnt one single component of Opus that is controlled
by one group.
If Frank Ocean had published on the Opus platform, it would have been immutably
stored within the IPFS swarm with corresponding smart contract IPFS hashes running on
Ethereum. This means Franks album would not be taken down by UMG, freeing Frank
from legal hassle and making sure that he will always receive nearly 100% of what he
sets for the price of his tracks.

9.2. The voracious musicophile who listens to a wide selection of artists
Todd from Monaco is a heavy music listener. He listens to all types of music such as
pop, metal, country, and folk. He also likes to travel the world and enjoys listening to a
wide variety of local songs such as Congolese rumba, K-pop, and C-pop. His favorite
artists are Aaron Parker, Taylor Swift, and Thom York.
Unfortunately, there are many obstacles between Todd and his favorite artists.
Todds local music library is over 30Gb large. He doesnt want to carry it around with
him so he uses streaming services. Apple Music, unfortunately for Todd, is censored in
Monaco. In fact, Apple Music is banned in over 80 countries. Todd then turns to Spotify.
However, much to Todds dismay, many of his favorite artists, including Taylor Swift,
are not available on Spotify because of the standard pricing scheme streaming services
enforce. International music is also very limited and fractured in the music streaming
industry since every streaming service uses their own infrastructure. This means that
Todd has to use many international platforms in addition to SoundCloud and Spotify.
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 33

9. CASE STUDIES

Nevertheless, Todd now uses a mix of Spotify, QQ Music, and SoundCloud to listen to
everything he wants. This is very frustrating to Todd, and he wishes there was a more
unified solution.
This is where Opus comes in. Using Opus, Todd can purchase and store IPFS song
decryption keys directly to his Ethereum contract address. No matter where he goes, all
of his music will be available to him. Because of the low fee and censorship-resistant
nature of the Opus protocol, all of Todds favorite artists have listed their songs for sale
on the platform, and Todd doesnt have to hop around to find something to listen to.
As a result of third-party APIs, there exist players that deliver localized content. Because
of the global back-end IPFS Ethereum infrastructure, all tracks are accessible to any and
all third-party players.

9.3. The music collector
Peter is in his late 40s. Throughout his life, his favorite hobby has been music collecting.
He is sad that music in the digital age is fleeting and streamed. He wishes he could
own songs online and be able to stream even after streaming sites are abandoned.
The Opus protocol revitalizes Peters dreams of being a music collector. With Opus,
songs are stored forever on the permanent IPFS swarm, which means that songs he buys
on the Opus platform will be his forever.
Since Opus players rely on the Opus API that is fully decentralized, even if a player is
shut down, Peter can rest assured that other players will enable him to access his music
on the IPFS swarm.

9.4. The Audiophile
Jupiter is an audiophile that only listens to HD, 640Kbps audio. He finds it extremely
difficult to find audio of this quality to listen to. Even though he is willing to pay more,
artists often do not release HD versions as streaming platforms often restrict the bit rate
to 128Kbps.
Using Opus, however, Jupiter can enjoy music at 640Kbps as long as artists are willing
to upload HD audio (and artists will, because they can generate more revenue). Served
straight from the scalable IPFS swarm, Jupiter and many other audiophiles like him can
now enjoy a wide selection of HD audio straight from any Opus core or third-party
player.

9.5. The amateur hip-hop artist releasing his first track
Claire writes music to her small group of fans on Facebook in her free time. She wants
to release a track on Spotify to both broaden her reach and monetize her work. However,
for emerging artists like Claire, releasing a track is not easy. The high cost of
registrationalong with publishers, labels and exploitative streaming platformsmeans
that Claire cannot receive the money she deserves.
With Opus, however, Claire can register her track on the UMRN through the relay
contract easily and cheaply. Claire can now reach a big audience without the need to sign
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 34

9. CASE STUDIES

contracts. She can set the price she wants for her niche audience and know that she will
receive all of her money transparently from any Opus player.
Claire also offers a small bounty to people who share her music, which results in sales.
By running this Opus campaign directly off the blockchain, Claire significantly increases
her audience and helps her reach the top charts within a few weeks.

9.6. The established artist seeking a bigger audience
Frank already sells his tracks on Spotify, Apple Music, and other big platforms. He is
tired of the fees these platforms take, paying him only 2030% of the total revenue.
Using Opus, Frank not only cuts out all the red tape surrounding these centralized
platforms but also generates much more revenue than he ever has before. In addition,
Frank feels much more secure knowing that Opus will not suddenly increase fees or
remove his songs from the platform.

9.7. The playlist wizard
People love the musical tastes of Marcus Stephan. In his spare time, Marcus expertly
crafts playlists enjoyed by millions of people across the world. Marcus wishes there was
a way he could make money from his work.
On Opus, Artists give bounties to people sharing their music. Marcus is ecstatic. He can
now create playlists containing these tracks and get paid for sharing artists music.
Marcus now does full time playlist-crafting and earns a living doing it.

9.8. Marketing professionals
Jack is a marketing professional looking for work. The Opus DAO collects 23% of all
sales proceeds for this sole reason. Every month, OPT holders will be able to vote on
how to spend the governance money. This system will allocate some OPTs towards
marketing purposes, paying individuals like Jack to do work for Opus, breaking the
network effect, and increasing Opuss popularity.

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 35

10. ROADMAP

10. Roadmap
July 2016 - Started development
Aug 2016 - Formed official Opus development team
Sep 2016 - C++ custom Blockchain infrastructure.
Oct 2016 - Storage layer / infrastructure implementation (Sia, Storj, IPFS)
Nov 2016 - Technical alpha
Dec 2016 - Opus Ethereum smart contract development.
January 2017 - Seed round from external investor, consolidated name.
March 2017 - Audit Opus Ethereum contract. Team expansion Opus API development.
Development on Opus DAO.
April 2017 - Optimizing the Opus UMRN registry. Added UI/UX and web designers.
Working with small artists. Development on Artist bounty system
May 2017 - Beta release, optimization and website. Opus Crowd sale development.
Optimizing APIs
June 2017 - Security audit and press release, opusDAO beta testing. Official launch.
July 2017 - Crowd sale and fund raising, Business Outreach
August 2017 -Expand team by on-boarding new developers and advisors. Join EEA.
September 2017 - Fully implement voting/governance DAO in addition to the bounty
system.
Oct of 2017 - Publish documentation on OpusAPI.
Nov of 2017 - Optimize, test and audit Main-net release.
End of 2017 - Main-net release.
2018 - 2019. Integrate with Raidens release. Scaling.

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 36

11. MARKET ANALYSIS

11. Market analysis
11.1. Overview
With the introduction of the immutable block-chain, there now emerges an environment
in which we can implement a successful buy-to-own market strategy.
Historical data in the music industry has shown that the buy-to-own model of music is
the best for both amateur and professional artists. Artists release tracks and generate
revenue proportional to sales based on their popularity. Unfortunately, this model has
largely been overtaken by streaming services because establishing permanent ownership
in the digital world is difficult. A central spoke-and-hub model with central servers is the
easiest way out.
Opus solves this central issue by utilizing a permanent and immutable IPFS swarm file
storage system along with permanent smart contracts. Our solution is a decentralized
system that enables such a buy-to-own system, where users can purchase songs
knowing that their songs will be available anywhere and anytime.

11.2. Opus market breakout
Initial adoption will always be a challenge to any platform; It was a big challenge for
Spotify to enter the music sales industry as well just a few years ago. To overcome this
hurdle, what we plan is to target specific market segments.
11.2.1. China
The Chinese music service industry is set to grow tremendously in the next few years.
Without established competitors, we expect that Opus will be able to take a foothold in
the Chinese music industry rapidly and swiftly. Our Chinese ambassadors will lead the
marketing campaigns within China by promoting it within the country both locally and
through mass-media advertising campaigns
In addition, the Chinese government is cracking down on many internet live streaming
services and censoring content due to fears of corrupting the youth. With the Opus
fully decentralized and uncensorable infrastructure, this will not be an issue at all. This
resistance to censorship provides us great leverage against some of the highly censored
Chinese streaming services and we hope to capitalize on this.
11.2.2. International
Music today is often listened to by people from all around the world, even by people who
may not necessarily understand the language in which a particular song is sung. This
international market segment is set to expand rapidly in the next few years. Currently,
there does not exist a unifying service that aggregates music from all over the world.
Our unique global API-based platform will enable this service from inception. Music
published from any part of the world will be instantly referenced and searchable from
any other location through the Opus UMRN registry, enabling Opus to take advantage of
the growing international audience..
Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 37

11. MARKET ANALYSIS

11.2.3. Niche markets
The music market is extremely niche-focused. Apple Music targets the middle-income
family audience while Spotify targets a younger college-age market. This is interesting,
as music is a very identity-focused medium. People like to associate with their specific
brand or servicewhich is what allows them to connect with the music services.
Opus, unlike previous streaming services, is API-based. This means that any company
will be able to integrate the Opus protocol and environment within their own player.
Doing so allows Opus a significant competitive advantage. It allows Opus to act as the
foundation upon which different players can operate within the music space.
Opus has the potential to be greater than each music platform as it can target every niche
market simultaneously with third-party API-based players.

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 38

12. OPUS PLATFORM PROJECTION

12. Opus platform projection
Below are some estimated projections of the potential size and reach of Opus:
While we will rely more on organic growth, we do expect our significant competitive
advantages over existing solutions to overcome the relatively small network effects of
streaming services such as Spotify, Apple Music, and SoundCloud. Nevertheless, below
are some conservative, expected and optimal scenarios of the Opus platform.

12.1. Methodology
All predictions are calculated with Statistics from the total sales of the music industry
which is a $40Bn dollar industry. [IFPI ] In fact, Apple Music alone grew to $7Bn in
revenue in 2017.
The cost of each song is estimated at $0.99, which is an under-estimation when songs are
owned and not streamed.
The equation of total platform valuation is based on the estimation published by
Damodaran on estimating the value of private entities. While we do not have data on the
rate of return, we will calculate some projections on possible rates of return along with
associated value of the total ecosystem in terms.
Eqt (x) =

Eqn
1 + Rate(x))n

(5)

[Damodaran ]
Whereby the rate of return is calculated from the estimated rate of return to artists.
Note: These are simple projections and goals that hope to target in our future up scaling
plans. We do not guarantee such projections, however the Opus team will try our best to
meet these projections.

12.2. Conservative projection
In the conservative projection, we see good adoption in certain communities and within
certain regions. We enter the Chinese market after a year or two after launch, and some
Ethereum platforms. We see some success outside of the community.
Table 3. Conservative global projection

Timescale

Total songs sold Opus Treasury

Value of Opus

Year 1

1mm

30,000

10mm

Year 2

5mm

150,000

50mm

Year 3

30mm

1mm

300mm

Market saturated

300mm

10mm

3bn

Expansion of market

500mm

20mm

5bn

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 39

12. OPUS PLATFORM PROJECTION

12.3. Ideal projection
In the ideal scenario, we have very good initial support from the music community. We
expand in multiple markets across multiple countries within the first year. The pricing
model is attractive, and we increase sales over the next few years. The Opus treasury
creates a positive feedback loop, and we experience increased sales.
Table 4. Realistic global projection

Timescale

Total songs sold Opus Treasury Value of total system

Year 1

5mm

150,000

50mm

Year 2

30mm

1.5mm

300mm

Year 3

300mm

10mm

3bn

Market saturated

500mm

40mm

5bn

1bn

80mm

10bn

Expansion of market

12.4. Exceptional projection
In an exceptional scenario, we experience explosive growth from many third-party
developers using the Opus API. We increase music sales exponentially and get several
endorsements from multiple leading artists. In the coming years, we become the de facto
standard for music sharing. Opus truly revolutionizes music and expands the music
industry into places it could not have been.
Table 5. Realistic global projection

Timescale

Total songs sold Opus Treasury Value of total system

Year 1

30mm

1.5mm

300mm

Year 2

300mm

10mm

3bn

Year 3

500mm

40mm

5bn

Market saturated

1bn

80mm

10bn

Expansion of market

5bn

400m

50bn

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 40

13. CONCLUSION

13. Conclusion
With the advent of blockchain smart contracts and IPFS, there now exists the ability to
construct an attractive way to securing both the ownership of an immutable physical file
and a market-fair pricing and payment system between the artist and fan.
This novel pay-to-own system enables many exciting new opportunities in the
music-distribution stack. What Opus proposes is a revolutionary concept of a fully
decentralized music platform that resists loss-leader pricing and predatory feesa
system where artists are paid fairly, and fans enjoy the music they love, wherever they
are. With our fully block-chain based demo, we have brought this concept to reality.
The Opus foundation hopes to achieve the ultimate goal in music distribution: an
uncensorable, fully-decentralized, fair-market platform that is inherently scalable and
latency-free. Through Opus, we hope to bring a new level of digital music free from the
shackles of corporate greed.

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 41

14. CONTACT

14. Contact
14.1. Email
info@opus-foundation.org

14.2. Phone
Office hours (13:00 - 22:00) GMT +971 50 69190541

14.3. Location
Saadiyat Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.

14.4. Social media
Bitcointalk:https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2011065
Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOwF-qAo020
Twitter: https://twitter.com/opusfoundation
Slack: http://slack.opus-foundation.org/
Telegram: https://t.me/opusfoundation
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/opusfoundation/
WeChat: http://opus-foundation.org/img/wechatQR.jpg
Blog: http://opus-foundation.com/blog.html
Reddit; https://www.reddit.com/r/opusfoundation/

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

Page 42

15. REFERENCES

15. references
References
[Benet ] Benet, J. (2014) ipfs - content addressed, versioned, p2p file system.
https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmR7GSQM93Cx5eAg6a6yRzNde1FQv7uL6X1o4k7zrJa3LX/ipfs.draft3.pdf.
[Benet et al. ] Benet, J., Johnson, J., and Couder, C. (2015) ipfs specs.
https://github.com/wking/ipfs-specs.
[Damodaran ] Damodaran, A. (2009) valuing young, start-up and growth companies:
Estimation issues and valuation challenges. Stern School of Business, New York
University, may 2009.
[Duffield and Diaz ] Duffield, E. and Diaz, D. (2015) dash: A privacy-centric
crypto-currency.
https://www.dash.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Dash-WhitepaperV1.pdf.
[Filecoin ] Filecoin. (2014) filecoin: A cryptocurrency operated file storage network.
http://filecoin.io/filecoin.pdf.
[IFPI ] IFPI. (2017) international federation of the phonographic industry. global music
report 2017. http://gmr.ifpi.org/about-the-report.
[Jentzsch ] Jentzsch, C. Decentralized autonomous organization to automate governance final draft. https://download.slock.it/public/DAO/WhitePaper.pdf.
[McCandless et al. ] McCandless, D., Quick, M., Hollowood, E., and Slater, T. Selling out:
How much do music artists earn online. Information is beautiful.
[Nakamoto ] Nakamoto, S. (2008) bitcoin: a peer-to-peer electronic cash system.
https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf, 2008.
[Pope et al. ] Pope, M. B., Warkentin, M., Mutchler, L. A., and Luo, X. R. (2012) the
domain name systempast, present, and future. Journal. Communications of the
Association for Information Systems. Volume 30. (329-246).
[statista ] statista. (2016) music industry: Global music industry revenue and growth
worldwide from 2012 and 2021 (in billions u.s dollars).
https://www.statista.com/statistics/259979/global-music-industry-revenue/.
[Towns ] Towns, R. Music metadata style guide v2. (2014). music business association.
https://musicbiz.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/MusicMetadataStyleGuideMusicBiz-FINAL2.0.pdf.
[wood ] wood, G. Ethereum: a secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger vi.
http://gavwood.com/paper.pdf, 2014.

Copyright, Opus Foundation 2016-2017

CHRONOBANK - PHASE 1: A NON-VOLATILE DIGITAL TOKEN BACKED BY
LABOUR-HOURS

THE CHRONOBANK TEAM
CHRONOBANK.IO
INFO@CHRONOBANK.IO

Abstract. This whitepaper abstractly describes a system designed to tokenise labour-hours using blockchain
technology. ChronoBank is a proposed implementation of the described system that can be deployed in several
economic localities. The proposed system leverages smart contract techniques to automate a process whereby
a country-specific labour-hour token may be redeemed for real labour-hours via legally binding (traditional)
contracts with labour-offering companies. The proposed stable-coin implementation provides a non-volatile,
inflation-resistant digital asset transfer system.

1. Introduction

centralises the entire wealth of the system. Typical stablecoins are also subject to fluctuations in the value of their
underlying asset. While these fluctuations are usually very
small when compared with fluctuations in traditional cryptocurrencies, they are still significant. For example, USDT
is subject to the devaluation of USD due to inflation.
In this paper, we propose a stable cryptocurrency system which addresses the aforementioned drawbacks of
existing stable currency solutions. Specifically, we propose
a new type of token which is not backed by any existing
fiat currency or physical store of wealth, but instead is
backed by legally binding contractual obligations to provide real-world labour-hours. As such, the system and its
controlling entity are not responsible for the centralised
storage and management of wealth. Further, the value of
an unskilled labour-hour in a particular geographic region
naturally adjusts according to economic conditions such
as inflation, thereby maintaining the long-term intrinsic
value of the cryptocurrency.
This paper is organised as follows: In Section 2 we provide an overview of the system as a whole before discussing
the technical details of the necessary system components
and processes. Section 3 provides economic considerations
in brief, regarding the real-world deployment of this system
and its feasibility. Finally, Section 4 discusses future directions and applications of the system and of ChronoBank.
The appendix of this document provides supporting reference of several concepts introduced throughout the paper.
In particular Appendix B and C list the variables that encapsulate the functionality of the system. These variables
are also summarised in Table 1.

With the advent of cryptocurrencies, relatively instant low-cost transfers of value have become a reality.
Blockchain technology, which is a defining feature of most
cryptocurrencies, has recently been applied to solve a great
variety of problems. Currently the most widespread implementation of blockchain technology is Bitcoin [1], which is
a simple asset transfer system. The asset in Bitcoins case
is a bitcoin (BTC). The value of this token has seen rapid
variation since its inception in 2009, which has hindered
its feasibility as a global currency.
There have been a variety of attempts to realise the
advantages of blockchain technology while simultaneously
mitigating issues regarding the stability of value for cryptocurrency applications. To achieve this, many attempts
employ the notion of a stable-coin, whereby each token of
value in the system has a counterpart of equal worth stored
in a non-digital and tangible form in the real world.
Two example implementations of the aforementioned
stable-coin paradigm are listed below:
USDT by Tether[2]:
Each USDT token is backed by an equivalent
amount of United States Dollars (USD) held in
a reserve account by the private company Tether
Limited.
Digix[3]:
Each token is backed by an equivalent amount of
gold, which is stored in reserves by a dedicated
precious metal storage custodian.
In both examples, it is always possible for a token holder
to redeem that token for its counterpart, thus ensuring its
fundamental stable value.
Another notable example of a stable-coin is Bitshares [4],
which attempts to decentralise the entire system through
the use of digital Contract For Differences (CFD) [5] interactions. The system presented in this whitepaper does not
attempt to achieve decentralisation, but instead attempts
to address some of the drawbacks surrounding existing
centralised stable-coins. These drawbacks include difficulties regarding the storage of physical or economic wealth,
and the increasing likelihood of attacks, as a single entity

2. The ChronoBank System
Similar to existing stable-coins (such as USDT by Tether
and Digix), we propose a centralised entity that coordinates
the creation, redemption, and destruction of Labour-Hour
Tokens (LHT). We refer to this entity as the ChronoBank
Entity (CBE). It is responsible for the acquisition and
coordination of legally binding contracts for labour, in
addition to the creation and dissemination of LHT. Ultimately the role of the CBE is to ensure the stability
1

CHRONOBANK - PHASE 1: A NON-VOLATILE DIGITAL TOKEN BACKED BY LABOUR-HOURS

2

Figure 1. An overview of the ChronoBank system. This diagram shows the systems constituents and their interactions.
CBE refers to the ChronoBank Entity, LOC to Labour-Offering Companies, LHT to Labour-Hour Tokens and TIME to
the token purchased during the crowdsale.
of the LHT system through careful management of the
systems underlying processes. This section will provide
details describing the proposed processes, practices, and
operations undertaken by the CBE and its associates. An
overview of the functionality of the ChronoBank systems
constituents is shown in Figure 1.
The system as a whole is designed with the intent of a
single deployment per economic region. For instance, the
system could be deployed once in Australia using the value
of one labour-hour in the Australian economy, measured in
Australian dollars. As this document is an abstract description of the system, it does not refer to any region-specific
implementation but instead refers to generalised system
parameters that must be tailored for each region. With few
exceptions, all processes and structures described in this
document may have slight variations in implementation
between regions in which ChronoBank operates.
The initial implementation of the CBE will utilise the
Ethereum[6] blockchain; however, future implementations
may tokenise assets on alternative blockchain systems (e.g.
Waves [7], Bitcoin [1]) when it is deemed appropriate.
The CBE provides economic benefit both to the environment in which it is deployed, and to a group of stakeholders
that assist the CBE by providing initial operating capital.
Unlike the region-specific deployment of the CBE system,
only one group of CBE stakeholders (a.k.a. TIME token
holders) exists globally. These stakeholders provide initial
operating capital to the CBE in the form of both fiat and
cryptocurrencies, in exchange for a portion of future profits
attained by the CBE.

2.1. Stakeholders & TIME Tokens
In order to fund the development and operation of the
ChronoBank system, there will be a fundraising phase
known as the crowdsale. During the crowdsale, individuals

may purchase TIME tokens at a fixed rate, which provides
the token holder with the right to receive a proportion of
the profits arising from the operation of the system. In
addition to the entitlements regarding the systems operating profit, holders of TIME tokens will also be granted
the right to vote on important decisions regarding the
ChronoBank system.
TIME tokens will be developed utilising the Ethereum
ecosystem, specifically leveraging the ERC20 token
standard[8]. The ERC20 specification will be extended to
provide voting functionality and rewards distribution; this
is discussed further in Sections 2.1.3 and 2.1.2 below.
2.1.1. Crowdsale
During the crowdsale, TIME tokens will be created as
necessary and sold at the fixed price of 100 TIME tokens
for 1 bitcoin (BTC). There is no limit to the number of
TIME tokens generated during the crowdsale; however, no
further TIME tokens will be generated after this phase of
the project.

Total percentage of minted LHT taken by the CBE
fc
Fee taken during minting by the CBE
fr
Fee taken during redemption by the CBE
fi
Issuance fee taken during minting
S
Percentage of minted LHT put into the SGF
LT
Percentage of minted LHT put into the Liquidity Reserve
Percentage of minted LHT used for LOC insurance
L0
M
Number of months until L0 is transferred into the SGF
l
Percentage of LT used for LOC insurance
P
Interval between TIME token reward payouts
Table 1. List of abstract variables and constants used
throughout this paper for readers reference. See the Appendix for further details.

CHRONOBANK - PHASE 1: A NON-VOLATILE DIGITAL TOKEN BACKED BY LABOUR-HOURS

All TIME tokens purchased during the crowdsale will
constitute 88% of the total TIME tokens generated during the initialisation of the ChronoBank system. The
remaining 12% of tokens will be split with 10% given to
the ChronoBank.io team (for ongoing research and development) and 2% to advisors and early adopters of the
system.

Figure 2. Issuance fees (fi ) and transaction fees (ft ) are
deposited into the rewards contract. TIME holders can
withdraw a portion of the LHT after each snapshot, if their
TIME tokens were deposited into the contract.
2.1.2. TIME Token Rewards
For the use of the LHT, users will be charged a fixed
fee, ft = 0.15% on all transactions. Complementary to
transaction fees, issuance fees (fi ) will be taken during
the minting process (further details in Section 2.2.1). The
issuance fees will start at 3% during the first year of operation and will stepwise decrease by 1% each year until a
final issuance fee of 1% is achieved and maintained.
Both the transaction and issuance fees will be automatically collected and sent to a rewards contract on the
Ethereum blockchain as shown in Figure 2. The rewards
contract is designed such that TIME token holders can
withdraw their earned rewards in a manner that makes
them non-unique (i.e. withdrawal of rewards is not tracked
on a per-token basis) and hence tradeable on exchanges
for equal value.
The rewards contract will allow TIME token holders to
retrieve their rewards at regular payout intervals, P . At
any given stage, TIME holders may deposit their tokens
into the rewards contract. At the onset of a payout interval, a snapshot of deposited TIME tokens and the current
contract reward balance will be taken1. The rewards will
be divided equally among the TIME tokens that were deposited at the time of the snapshot. Depositors may then
withdraw their share of rewards during the following payout interval. At the next payout snapshot, any unclaimed
rewards will be forfeited and added to the total balance of
that snapshot. Figure 3 illustrates this concept by plotting
the rewards contract balance over time. We also note that
we expect P to be of the order of a few months.
TIME holders may deposit and withdraw their TIME
tokens at any stage, however only TIME holders who have
deposited before the snapshot of each payout interval can

3

claim rewards. Withdrawing TIME tokens from the contract will also withdraw any rewards currently owed to
the depositor. TIME holders may also leave their tokens
deposited in the rewards contract indefinitely and claim
their rewards periodically.

Figure 3. The rewards contract receives Pr rewards for
every payout interval P (in our example, we assume that
Pr is constant). At each snapshot, the portion of rewards
that are not withdrawn is d. Rewards that are not withdrawn roll over to the following payout interval P . The
dashed line indicates the withdrawable balance, which reduce over each payout interval as TIME holders withdraw
their rewards.
This reward payout system gives upper bounds to the
amount of rewards that can be stored in the contract in any
interval, under some reasonable assumptions. The total
rewards obtained via fees for a particular payout interval,
P , is Pr . If we assume a constant amount of transaction
and issuance fees per payout interval (i.e. a constant Pr ),
and an average percentage of locked TIME holders that do
not withdraw in any payout interval, d, we can calculate
the upper bound of the LHT stored in the smart contract
through the limiting geometric series relation2:

X

Pr dk = Pr (1  d)1 .

(1)

k=0

To clarify this, let us take a conservative estimate, that
90% of all locked TIME token holders do not withdraw
their rewards in every payout interval (only 10% actually
withdraw). In this scenario, no more than 10Pr worth
of rewards will be stored in the rewards contract at any
given time. A less conservative estimate, being 50% of
locked TIME holders withdrawing each payout interval,
will ensure the rewards contract never contains more than
2Pr worth of rewards. Through the careful (and potentially dynamic) choice of P we can find a balance between
practicality (frequency of reward withdrawal) and security
(safe level of stored value in a smart contract).
2.1.3. TIME Voting
From time to time, the CBE may hold polls on the
Ethereum blockchain to elicit the opinion of TIME token
holders. Poll results will be incorporated into decisions
made by the CBE concerning the financial or technical

1The transaction for which may be initiated by anyone, but typically by the CBE.
2Assuming 0  d < 1.

CHRONOBANK - PHASE 1: A NON-VOLATILE DIGITAL TOKEN BACKED BY LABOUR-HOURS

direction and/or implementation of the CBE system. Only
valid TIME holders are considered current stakeholders in
the CBE system and are the only parties authorised to
participate in a poll.

2.2. Labour-Hour Tokens
Labour-Hour Tokens (LHT) are the fundamental unit
of value within the ChronoBank system. The purpose
of these tokens is to provide a non-volatile, inflationaryresistant digital store of value on various blockchains. We
envisage these tokens for utilisation in future systems, such
as LaborX (see Section 4 for a brief overview).
A Labour-Hour Token will be derived from a standard
Ethereum ERC20 token and will be tradeable on all major
exchanges. The ChronoBank system will ensure that these
tokens will always have a 1 to 1 mapping with legally bound
promises of labour-hours from various Labour-Offering
Companies (LOC). As such, token holders may also redeem these tokens at any given time for their real-world
labour-hour counterpart. This section details the various
processes required to feasibly sustain the 1 to 1 mapping
of LHT to offered labour-hours and ensure the economic
stability of the ChronoBank system.

4

 S - A portion to be sent to the Security Guarantee
Fund (SGF) (see Section 2.3.2).
 LT - The total portion sent to the Liquidity Reserve (Section 2.3.1). This fund is further split by
a variable percentage, l, into LI (LOC insurance)
and L0 (liquidity) (see Section 2.3.1 for further
details).
For clarity, we write the obvious explicit relation,
 = fc + fi + S + LT .

(2)

We expect that the system will maintain fixed fees, but
will vary S, l and LT (and hence ) on a case-by-case basis
to control the stability and viability of the ChronoBank
ecosystem. The purpose of the Liquidity Reserve and Security Guarantee Funds are detailed in the Funds Section
(2.3) and a brief discussion of the economic feasibility of
this system is discussed in Section 3.

2.2.1. Minting
The minting process takes place when a company offering labour-hours (Labour-Offering Company (LOC))
chooses to enter into a legally binding agreement with the
CBE. The CBE must then run strict checks (the guidelines
of which are described in the business outline [9]) of the
LOC wishing to participate in the ChronoBank system.
Once the LOC is approved, the CBE and LOC will negotiate on various parameters (summarised in Appendix
B) before entering a legally binding contract whereby the
LOC promises labour-hours in exchange for LHT (or the
fiat equivalent). The CBE will then publish a hash of the
contract on the Ethereum blockchain and store the contract on a decentralised storage system such as IPFS [10] or
SWARM [11]. This gives a transparent ledger detailing the
current state of the backed LHT. The exact mechanisms
behind the minting process are non-trivial and we refer the
reader to Figures 4 and 5 during the following discussion
of the process. When an LOC and the CBE have agreed
on terms, the CBE mints the equivalent amount of LHT
as labour-hours offered by the LOC, ensuring the 1 to 1
relationship between the two. Of the newly minted tokens,
the CBE will retain  percent3, providing the remaining
(1  ) of minted LHT to the LOC. In practice, the CBE
can sell the (1  ) of minted LHT on exchanges and provide the LOC with the fiat equivalent, should they not
wish to deal with cryptocurrencies. The  percent held by
the CBE will be immediately subdivided into the following
portions (shown diagrammatically in Figure 5).
 fc  [0, 0.01] - A fee charged by the CBE for
services provided.
 fi - The issuance fee which will go to the rewards contract for TIME token holders (see Section 2.1.2).

Figure 4. Procedural overview of the ChronoBank minting process.

Figure 5. Fund distribution of minted LHT.
2.2.2. Redemption
As LHT are fundamentally backed by real-world labourhours, holders may redeem their tokens at any time
for these backed hours. To do so, holders will deposit
their LHT into a redemption contract on the Ethereum
blockchain. Along with the deposit, holders will provide
relevant data detailing their redemption request, such as

3All percentages introduced in this document should be read as decimals. Hence (1  )  0.

CHRONOBANK - PHASE 1: A NON-VOLATILE DIGITAL TOKEN BACKED BY LABOUR-HOURS

labour type(s), location(s) of work, date/time of work, contact information, etc. The request will trigger the CBE to
search and match relevant LOCs to the redemption request.
If found, the CBE will return the most suitable LOCs that
fit the request. To discourage recurrent requests and to
remunerate the CBE for its service, the CBE will take a
small fee, fr  [0, 0.01] from the deposited tokens. The
amount of labour-hours matched will be less than or equal
to the LHT tokens deposited, less the CBEs fee. Any
unmatched requests or unfulfilled hours can be withdrawn
from the redemption contract by the depositor. As a redundancy, the redemption contract will have a built-in
holding period, after which depositors may withdraw their
deposited LHT. This protects depositors from inactive or
stagnant CBEs.
Once the CBE has returned a list of compatible LOCs,
a depositor may accept or reject the offered LOC(s). If
rejected, the depositor can withdraw their deposited LHT
less the CBEs service fee. If accepted, the CBE will advise
the chosen LOC of all relevant details. The redemption contract will hold the LHT until the work has been completed
and the depositor is satisfied. A dispute resolution system
may be used to ensure work is completed as requested.
Once the labour has been satisfactorily completed, the
deposited LHT will be destroyed, again ensuring the 1 to
1 relationship of LHT to backed labour-hours.
2.2.3. Intrinsic Value
We have thus far ensured a 1 to 1 correspondence between LHT and labour-hours but have not yet defined
the value of either. The intrinsic value of one LHT and
thus one labour-hour is region-dependant. Although any
arbitrary value can be chosen, we peg the value of one
LHT to be roughly the average hourly wage of a region for
practical reasons.
The average hourly wage of a region will be defined
via the official statistics bureau of that specific region. If
one were to trivially adjust the LHT to the most recent
statistics released for a given region, the price of LHT
would stepwise shift on the release date of the statistics.
Typically these statistics are released yearly and in such
scenarios a predictive stepwise jump each year would occur. To implement a smooth transition from one statistics
point to another, we propose that the pegged price of LHT
be a linear interpolation between the two points. This
would require the LHT price to lag behind the most recent
statistics by the duration of at least one extra statistics
release.
Let us illustrate this with a clear example, as depicted in
Figure 6. Let us determine the price of LHT during April,
2010 in a region where the statistics bureau publishes a
data point in January each year. This data point indicates
the average wage in that region for the previous year. The
price will be calculated by retrieving two data points: A2008
and A2009 , the average wage in 2008 (released in January,
2009) and the average wage in 2009 (released in January,
2010) respectively. We take a linear interpolation between
these two points to find the price of LHT in April, 2010.
In this example, this will over-approximate4 the average
wage in April, 2008. This example shows that the LHT
price in April 2010 will be the over-approximated average

5

wage in April 2008, demonstrating how the pegged price
of LHT will lag behind the current actual average wage.
It should be noted that this doesnt affect any aspects of
offering or redeeming labour. The value of labour offered
or redeemed is independent of the price of a single LHT.
However, the value will be measured with respect to the
fixed price of a single LHT token.

Figure 6. The base price of one LHT in April 2010, X,
can be calculated as the linear interpolation between the
average wage in 2008 and 2009 (A2008 and A2009 ).
For any given region, typically there are sub-regions
which have varying costs associated with providing labour
work. We wish to integrate these costs within our definition of a single LHT. To do so, we take the maximum of
each cost within a sub-region and add it to the average
wage of the region to provide the fundamental price of
LHT. Specifically we have:
L = (1 + max(Y )) X ,

(3)

where X is the linearly interpolated function of average
wages described above and Y is the individual cost in a
sub-region as a percentage of work done. L as defined
in equation (3) is the pegged price of LHT for any given
region. This value will vary linearly throughout each year
in a transparent and predictable manner.

2.3. Funds
The uniqueness of backing a digital token with contractual debt requires various safeguards to ensure contracts
are always upheld and potential defaulting is accounted
for. There are a number of adverse scenarios that can
occur with a debt-backed system. Our proposed solutions
involve the careful maintenance of two extra funds, the
Liquidity Reserve and the Security Guarantee Fund (SGF).
In this section we detail the operation of these funds and
how they address some of the issues that can arise in this
system.
2.3.1. Liquidity Reserve
The liquidity reserve is an offline LHT storage fund
controlled by the CBE. It receives a percentage, LT , of
newly minted LHT during the minting process (Section
2.2.1). There are two services that this function provides
the ChronoBank system:

4This is a poor approximation that assumes a linear growth, where the start of the year is the average wage of that year and the end of
the year the is average wage of the following year.

CHRONOBANK - PHASE 1: A NON-VOLATILE DIGITAL TOKEN BACKED BY LABOUR-HOURS

(1) LOC Risk Mitigation - During the minting process,
an LOC will be paid (1  ) percent of the labourhours they contractually agree to provide. Therefore LOCs inherently take some risk in the form
of immediate redemption. If an LOCs promise of
labour-hours is immediately redeemed, they stand
to lose  percent of these hours. To mitigate this,
the CBE will store a percentage of minted LHT,
LI (see Section 2.2.1) for each LOC, to reimburse
the LOC in the event that more than (1) labourhours are redeemed. LI will cover all excess (i.e.
more than (1  ) ) redeemed tokens until the
reserve, LI , is depleted.
We formalise this by introducing the mitigated
tokens payed to an LOC, LM , as
LM = min(LI , E) .

(4)

where E is the excess LHT to be redeemed by the
LOC, defined as:
(
R  (1  ), if R > (1  ).
E=
(5)
0,
if R  (1  ).
with R being the total percentage of LHT redeemed.
The mitigation reserve, LI is not constant, but
is gradually transferred to the SGF (Section 2.3.2).
The rate at which this fund is transferred is derived from the parameter, M , which specifies the
total number of months until the funds are entirely transferred, and is negotiated during the
minting process. The mitigation reserve funds will
be transferred monthly at a uniform rate (LI /M ).
This procedure then allows the CBE to statistically choose , LT and M given the risk profile
and reputation of any given LOC during the minting process. For example, , LT and M can be
designed such that within a 95 percent confidence
interval, an LOC does not lose more than (  )
worth of the labour-hours promised over a given
time5. Here  is a number that quantifies the risk
that the LOC is willing to accept. This degree
of freedom allows the CBE to manage LOCs of
varying risk profiles.
(2) LHT Liquidity - The price of LHT will ultimately
be governed by the price at which the CBE buys
and sells LHT6. The funds used for this are stored
in the Liquidity Reserve. L0 of newly minted tokens (see Section 2.2.1) will be accrued in this
fund. The CBE will then stabilise the price of
LHT and provide liquidity in various markets by
buying and selling LHT at the fundamental price
detailed in Section 2.2.3.
The parameter, l, chosen during contract negotiations, specifies the percentage of LT that goes to
LI (the amount used for LOC insurance and which
is gradually transferred to the Safety Guarantee
Fund) and L0 (the amount that is permanently
used for liquidity). Through careful management
of the parameter, l, the CBE can maintain the
desired volume of funds in the Liquidity Reserve.

6

As this fund will hold both LHT and volatile currencies, care must be taken to manage volume
due to the potential price fluctuations of the held
currencies.
One immediate-use case of this fund will be in
the initial system set-up. When the first LOCs become part of the system, the freshly minted LHTs
will need to be sold to transfer the resulting funds
to the LOC. Initially the demand for LHT will
be low and funds from the Liquidity Reserve will
be used to bootstrap this process. A percentage
of the crowdsale funds will be deposited into the
Liquidity Reserve for this purpose.
2.3.2. Security Guarantee Fund
One of the major drawbacks in a debt-backed currency
system is the possibility of backers (LOC in our case) defaulting on their contractual obligations. Despite the care
in vetting LOCs during the minting process, we expect
there to be a percentage of companies that will inevitably
default. The SGFs main purpose is to provide a fund reservoir as insurance to protect against defaulting companies.
In practice, this fund will burn held LHT tokens to the
equivalent amount of outstanding labour-hours promised
by the defaulting LOC.
Statistical estimates should be taken for the average
probability of LOCs defaulting. These estimates will give a
measure defining the amount of LHT that should be stored
inside the SGF fund at any given time. The amount stored
in the SGF will be proportional to the amount of debt, and
hence be proportional to the amount of LHT in existence
(as every LHT is backed by one owed labour-hour). This
required value can be reached and maintained through the
management of the minting variables, S, l and LT .

3. Economic Considerations
In this section we briefly mention some interesting properties and immediate economic consequences of this system.

3.1. Economic Incentives
First and foremost, the system must be designed such
that there are economic incentives for both LOCs and LHT
holders to participate in the system. For an LOC, the incentive to participate in the ChronoBank system comes in
the form of an interest-free-like loan. When an LOC agrees
to participate in the system and offers labour-hours, the
company effectively receives an interest-free loan, which
needs to be paid back when their contract expires. For
this to be enticing to an LOC, we require that over the
period of the contract the amount of money paid for the
service of the loan is less than that of alternate means for
loans, e.g. local bank loans.
We consider a simplistic example to demonstrate the
feasibility of such a scenario. Consider that a bank loan,
which charges IB percent in interest per annum, has an
upfront cost of C and is of total amount H. Over a period of time, t, and assuming no regular repayments are

5This can occur because the holdings of an LOC increase over time due to assumed external investment.
6Combined with the fact that one LHT has a fundamental intrinsic value of one labour-hour.
7We use a no-repayment loan to clarify the analogy to our system and remove some mathematical complexity which obscures our point.

CHRONOBANK - PHASE 1: A NON-VOLATILE DIGITAL TOKEN BACKED BY LABOUR-HOURS

necessary7, the LOC stands to lose:
C + H((1 + IB )t  1)  HII t .

(6)

The first term corresponds to the upfront cost of the loan,
the second term to total interest owed at time, t, and
the final term is potential interest earnings from external
investments. Here weve defined an average yearly interest
gain from external investments, II .
Alternatively, the LOC may participate with the
ChronoBank system. If the LOC offers H hours of labour,
it would receive H(1  ) LHT in return, and would be
required to pay (1 + t)H worth of LHT back upon the
expiration of the contract (assumed at time, t). Here  is a
percentage representing the average yearly price increase8
of LHT. It quantifies an inflated price of LHT due to an
assumed increase in average wage over the contract period.
Therefore, with the ChronoBank system, the LOC stands
to lose,
H( + t)  (1  )HII t .

(7)

The first term here originates from the initial sum taken
by ChronoBank, H, and from the price fluctuation of
LHT over time. The second term comes from the potential
earnings from external investments with the (1  )H LHT
received.
In this simplistic example, an LOC would be economically incentivised to participate in the ChronoBank system
if the total fees of the ChronoBank system are less than
the total fees of the alternative bank loan, explicitly:

H( + ( + II )t) < C + H (1 + IB )t  1 . (8)
Here, ( + II ) represents the average yearly price fluctuation of LHT combined with  percent of an average
expected investment return. With the reasonable assumption that this quantity is less than the interest rate of a
bank loan, IB , equation (8) can always be satisfied for
some time period, t, given all other variables fixed. In
fact, the longer the contractual time, t, the greater the
cost-saving is to the LOC. So in this simplistic example, we
can see that this system incentivises LOCs to participate
in the ChronoBank system for longer periods of time9.
Furthermore, the CBE and LOC are able to adjust both
H and  during the negotiations of their initial contractual
agreement, enabling the tuning of economic incentives in
less favourable economic regions/scenarios.
As for LHT holders, their economic incentive is more
obvious. LHT, compared to its stable-coin predecessors, is
inflationary-resistant. Therefore, holders should have an
economic incentive to use LHT as its value should increase
relative to local inflationary fiat currencies. We should
note that buying and holding LHT as an investment (and
therefore decreasing the liquidity of the token) is not in a
holders best interest, as the gains in doing so are often
less than external investment strategies.

3.2. System Stability
This section is concerned with the ability of the
ChronoBank system to sustain various economic hurdles,
which we refer to as its stability.

7

The stability of the ChronoBank system hinges on the
CBE correctly managing the minting process. Through
the minting process, the two funds, Liquidity Reserve and
SGF, are controlled and maintained.
As the system grows, funds will accrue in both the Liquidity Reserve and the SGF. LHT is only removed from
the SGF in the event of an LOC defaulting. The Liquidity
Reserve only decreases in value in the event that a held
volatile currency devalues. Therefore, both funds should
grow as the system evolves. As the funds reach a sustainable level, the percentage of LHT taken during the minting,
, can be decreased, further enhancing the economic incentive for more LOCs to join the system. A greater number
of LOCs participating will mean a greater number of LHT
in existence and a greater volume of funds accrued in both
the SGF and Liquidity Reserve. The stability of the system
will be proportional to the value stored in the SGF and
Liquidity Reserve and, therefore, we expect the system to
become more stable as it develops.

3.3. Potential Pitfalls
A number of potential pitfalls can occur during the operation of this system. In this section we briefly summarise
the major and most obvious ones, along with our proposed
solutions.

 An LOC defaulting on its promise of labour-hours.
As previously mentioned, this will be covered by
the SGF. The CBE will burn the necessary LHT
from the SGF fund to maintain the 1 to 1 relation
of LHT to labour-hours.
 Large supply/demand causing price fluctuations.
This can be handled by a sufficiently deep Liquidity Reserve, which will provide demand in times
of high supply and vice versa. Initially funds from
the crowdsale will be placed into the liquidity fund,
and as the system grows the liquidity fund will be
maintained at a level deemed operationally safe
to cover this scenario.
 Redemption of all LHT. The LHT at any given
time will always be backed by contractual labourhours in a 1 to 1 mapping. Therefore, this scenario
is possible and the system will continue to function
in this event. However, the risk in this occurrence
lies with the participating LOCs, who will be required to pay back their LHT in the form of labour.
The SGF (Section 2.3.1) can also absorb some of
the cost of this scenario. It will be at the CBEs
discretion to use the SGF to assist in this very
unlikely scenario.
 Increased demand at contract expiry. As a contract expires, an LOC will be required to buy back
an equivalent amount of LHT to the labour-hours
that are left on the contract. This could potentially create periods of large demand. In these
scenarios, we will counter the demand with the
Liquidity Reserve and, if necessary, the SGF.

8This could also potentially decrease.
9Adding regular repayments to bank loans adds complexity to this simplistic example and although decreasing the size of the right-hand

side of equation (8) it does not change our final result.

CHRONOBANK - PHASE 1: A NON-VOLATILE DIGITAL TOKEN BACKED BY LABOUR-HOURS

8

4. Future Work

5. Conclusion

Economic Models. Key to the success of the ChronoBank
system is an informed choice of the aforementioned economic parameters. It is essential to perform further analysis so as to determine how parameter modification impacts
the feasibility and sustainability of the system in a wider
context. This will necessarily be performed before a realworld implementation is constructed.
LaborX. The digital asset transfer system described in
this document is proposed as a first step towards a larger
decentralised labour system. LHT as described by this
paper forms the base currency for a decentralised labour exchange platform entitled LaborX. The intention of LaborX
is to enable peer-to-peer exchange of labour-hours with
LHT, thereby reducing the centralisation of the proposed
ChronoBank system. LaborX will incorporate a rating
system whereby holders of LHT can identify fair trades by
examining the quality and/or specialisation of the labour
provider, given their history on the platform. By enabling
direct exchange of LHT with labour-hours, the systems
dependency on contractual arrangements with LOCs is
significantly reduced. This potentially reduces the cost
and increases the stability of the system as a whole.

This paper proposes a non-volatile, inflationaryresistant, digital asset transfer system. This innovative
system is only made possible by recent advancements in
blockchain and cryptographic technologies. Leveraging
these technologies, this system tokenises contractual debt
in a manner that can be both economically feasible and
highly practical for digital platforms, such as LaborX. The
intrinsic value of the proposed token mirrors the average
hourly rate of human labour - the most fundamental unit
of economic value.

References
[1] Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash
system. 2008.
[2] Tether.to. Tether: Fiat currencies on the bitcoin blockchain.
2014.
[3] Anthony C. Eufemio Kai C. Chng Shaun Djie. Digixs whitepaper: The gold standard in crypto-assets. 2016.
[4] Fabian Schuh Daniel Larimer. Bitshares 2.0: Financial smart
contract platform. 2015.
[5] Investopedia. Contract for difference.
[6] Gavin Wood. Ethereum: A secure decentralised generalised
transaction ledger. Ethereum Project Yellow Paper, 2014.
[7] Sasha Ivanov. Waves whitepaper. 2016.
[8] Ethereum Request for Comments (ERC) 20.
[9] The ChronoBank Team. ChronoBank: Business Outline.
[10] IPFS: A peer-to-peer hypermedia protocol to make the web
faster, safer, and more open.
[11] Viktor Tron Aron Fisher Daniel A. Nagy. SWARM.

CHRONOBANK - PHASE 1: A NON-VOLATILE DIGITAL TOKEN BACKED BY LABOUR-HOURS

9

Appendix A. Terminology
The following is a list of terms used throughout this document.
 CBE - The ChronoBank Entity.
 LHT - Labour-Hour Token.
 LOC - Labour-Offering Company.
 SGF - Security Guarantee Fund.

Appendix B. Minting Contract Parameters
There are number of parameters that are required to be negotiated during the minting process. For clarity we list here
the variables that should be considered and determined by the CBE during the minting process:
 S - A percentage of the minted tokens to be stored in the Security Guarantee Fund.
 LT - The total percentage to be stored in the liquidity fund.
 l - The percentage of LT dictating how much of the liquidity fund is used as LOC insurance, LI . The remaining
funds will be kept for liquidity in L0 .
 M - The total number of months until the LOC Insurance LI is transferred to the Security Guarantee Fund.
This dictates the rate at which the funds are transferred, i.e. LI /M per month.
 Expiry Date - The expiry date of the contract, whereby the LOC must buy back the value of the minted LHT.
Through the definition of the above variables, the CBE on a case-by-case basis will fix , the total percentage deducted
from LOCs initially through the relation (2).

Appendix C. Fee Summary
The fees of the ChronoBank system can be summarised in the following:
 fc - This is the fee taken by the CBE during the minting process for services rendered. We expect fc  [0, 0.01].
 fi - This is the issuance fee, which will be taken during minting and deposited into the TIME token holders
rewards contract. This will start at 3 percent and decrease by 1 percent each year until it is maintained at a
steady 1 percent.
 ft - These are transaction fees, which are deposited into the TIME token holders rewards contract. This is a flat
fee of 0.15%.
 fr - This is a fee taken by the CBE during the redemption process for services provided and to add a deterrent
to continual redemption requests. We expect fc  [0, 0.01].

Plutus White Paper
https://plutus.it
June 30, 2016
v1.1
Introduction
The Plutus Mobile Application enables a user to make contactless Bitcoin payments at any merchant
with a Near Field Communication (NFC) enabled checkout terminal. This is the most practical way to pay
with Bitcoin, because the payment process consists only of holding a mobile device above the merchants
NFC reader. As a result, Bitcoin payments are effectively accepted by proxy at over 32 million brick and
mortar merchants around the world.
The primary purpose of Plutus is to provide incentive for, and enable, the practical day-to-day usage of
Bitcoin; ultimately accelerating mass-consumer adoption.
The competitive advantage of Plutus, within the mobile payments industry, is the effective utilization of the rapidly expanding Ethereum network. Through a transparent and decentralized network
protocol, underwritten by distributed ledger technology (the blockchain), Ethereum allows Plutus to deploy smart contracts to enable secure, peer-to-peer (P2P) exchange of fiat currency and Bitcoin, with the
added benefit of automatic escrow. Using these methods, the Plutus Decentralized Exchange Network
(PlutusDEX) of traders convert Bitcoin deposits into a prepaid debit balance that is valid at any contactless point-of-sale (POS) terminal.
The philosophy of the application itself is open, inclusive and committed to the network health and
widespread usage of Bitcoin. As such, a public trading API will be available, and 3rd party development
is encouraged.

1

The Ecosystem

adoption, consumers immediately gain both local and
international opportunities for spending the digital
Bitcoin merchant adoption has thus far proved to be currency at physical locations. The Plutus ecosysa challenging endeavor. Merchants are hesitant to tem can be seen in Figure 1. The chicken-and-theaccept it, and users are unable to spend it. Because egg problem is solved through both increased user
there is no widespread Bitcoin point-of-sale (POS) and merchant adoption, because of Plutus vastly iminfrastructure currently in place, merchants often re- proved ease-of-use, lowered costs, and greater efficonsider accepting Bitcoin due to its perceived com- ciency for merchants, in both the long run and the
plexity, which may increase labor costs in the short short run.
run, because of the extra employee training required.
In many cases, they stop accepting Bitcoin or become
Overview & Process
frustrated with early technical difficulties. These dif- 2
ficulties often lead to narrowing merchant adoption
of Bitcoin and the blockchain infrastructure in gen- Plutus relies heavily on distributed computing and ineral. This creates a kind of chicken-and-the-egg prob- corporates connections to the Bitcoin and Ethereum
lem, which contributes to forcing merchant-side Bit- networks, as well as the traditional debit card infrascoin payment processors to significantly limit their tructure. As such, it is a hybrid system with both
expansion and adoption efforts.
centralized and decentralized network components.
This is the crux of the problem which makes Plutus
an optimal use case and ideal app for miners, entrepreneurs, freelancers and anyone else who earns
Bitcoin. By avoiding the need to wait for merchant

The structure of the Plutus Internal Infrastructure
(Figure 2) relies on several interconnected servers
and modules. The mobile app itself connects via Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) end-to-end encryption to
1

Figure 1: The Plutus Ecosystem

Figure 2: The Plutus Internal Infrastructure
2

the Plutus app server, which in turn communicates
2. The Plutus internal server (centralized) conwith the other network servers. The Bitcoin trackfirms deposits and transaction details on
ing server reads transaction data contained in the
the Bitcoin blockchain, as well as on
header of each block broadcast onto the Bitcoin netEthereums blockchain. It then sends the
work to confirm when payments have been completed.
event message to the DEX dApp (decentralPlutons are divisible and tradable assets created on
ized) running on the Ethereum blockchain.
the Ethereum network. This ensures that all Plutons,
whether they are traded or transacted between users, 3. Traders must verify their account and identity on
the PlutusDEX platform to enable any transfer
are safely confirmed, and permanently stored on the
of funds to the Plutus escrow account. A trader
Ethereum blockchain.
can then enter trade information (create a bid)
The PlutusDEX, or DEX, is a dApp (decentralized
on the DEX dApp. Traders announce their payapplication) on the Ethereum blockchain which hanout wallet address in advance, in order to redles Bitcoin and Pluton trading and matches orders.
ceive Bitcoin or Pluton deposits directly from
Traders can register at http://dex.plutus.it to inapp users.
teract with other users on the decentralized exchange
to purchase Bitcoins and Plutons using fiat moneys,
1. Traders can use any valid Bitcoin address,
i.e. GBP, USD, or EUR. The dApp parses the data
and hold their own private keys. Offline
from each traders price and quantity submitted to
wallets and cold storage are recommended.
the exchange. The Bitcoin tracking server monitors
2. Deposits of fiat-currency to Plutus escrow is
the address of each user of the mobile app. As a user
completed via the DEX dApp. Details of
deposits Bitcoins onto their mobile app, the amount
all trades and deposits are stored on the
is instantly matched with the best valued offer from a
Ethereum blockchain.
DEX trader, and the user is sent their rebate reward
in the form of Plutons. The DEX trader sends the 4. Next, the Plutus internal server receives verificacorrect amount of fiat currency to the Plutus Escrow,
tions from the Ethereum and Bitcoin blockchains
where it is then relayed to the merchants bank and
of the completed transaction stored within the
completes the transaction cycle, as shown in Figure 3.
DEX dApp. Funds are immediately deducted
from the DEX users escrow account and then released to the prepaid virtual debit card on the
mobile app in the selected local currency.

1. An app user enters an amount of Bitcoin to deposit. The DEX dApp instantly matches the request with the best price provided by verified
traders on the PlutusDEX platform, along with
the corresponding Bitcoin and/or Pluton payout
address.

1. The Virtual Debit Card (VDC) gateway enables contactless balance creation in GBP,
USD, and EUR.

1. A Bitcoin or Pluton deposit request is sent to 5. The merchant then receives payment authorization via the VDC gateway. Funds in their prethe DEX dApp running on the Ethereum
ferred currency are forwarded to the merchants
blockchain via the Plutus internal server.
bank through the established worldwide debit
2. Offers and bids are matched using the DEX
card banking network.
dApp, resulting in a sale of digital tokens
for fiat currency at the current market rate.
The DEX dApp sends an event message to
the app user containing the public address
of the trader who exchanges the users Bitcoin for fiat.

1. Finally, a transaction confirmation is sent to
the app which triggers an update to the
contactless balance for the mobile app user.

2.1

The PlutusDEX Platform

2. The DEX dApp receives blockchain transaction
verification via the Plutus tracking server, which
interacts with both the Bitcoin and Ethereum The PlutusDEX platform, illustrated in Figure 4,
blockchains. Upon confirmation, the DEX dApp consists of two main components:
marks the transaction as complete.
1. The PlutusDEX dApp that runs on the Ethereum
1. A notification is sent to the Plutus Internal
network.
Server.
3

Figure 3: The Plutus Payment Network
2.2.1

2. Applications that form a bridge between
Ethereum and the traditional payment infrastructure.

Plutus App Fee Optimization

Bitcoin conversion has a fee of between 1-4% (TBD).
The fee is deducted from the users fiat deposit balThe PlutusDEX platform features the utilization of ance before the money is released to their VDC acEthereum dApps to execute trades between app users count on the Plutus Mobile App. There are no other
and traders in a peer-to-peer system. The DEX dApp fees for using the app and no fee to deposit Plutons on
matches bids for Bitcoin and Plutons. The platform the app obtained from another user externally. Pluitself supports fiat deposits and offers traders access tus pays all transaction costs associated with using
the Ethereum network (See Section 2.4.2). Merchants
to purchase Bitcoin directly from app users.
pay their normal debit card payment processing fees.

2.2

Plutus Mobile App

2.3

The Plutus Mobile App (Figure 5) connects users directly to PlutusDEX traders on the Ethereum network. Using the Plutus internal server, the Bitcoin
network can be reached using the native Bitcoin API,
which is connected to via the Java API (ethereumj),
or alternatively, the Javascript API (web3).

Plutus Payment Process

The Plutus payment process (Figure 6) consists of
two main actions:
1. The Plutus Mobile App initiates a wireless payment to the merchants NFC-enabled payment
terminal through the users NFC-enabled smartphone.

The Plutus Mobile App enables the user to choose
among a selection of different fiat currencies. A virtual debit card account can be created in GBP, USD,
or EUR, allowing the user to have multiple payment
options.

2. The users VDC payment authorization is sent to
the merchants payment processor, and once approved, the funds are deposited to the merchants
4

Figure 4: The PlutusDex Platform

Figure 5: The Plutus App
5

Figure 6: The Plutus Ecosystem Actions
bank account. The user and the merchant, re- est data, the average time for a new transaction to
spectively, receive confirmation of a successful be confirmed on the blockchain is approximately 17
seconds. This enables users to convert their digital
transaction.
assets to fiat currency in nearly an instant.

2.4

Pluton Token Infrastructure
2.4.1

Plutons are the internal digital asset of Plutus and
are issued on the Ethereum blockchain. Pluton transactions can be sent and received using the Plutus
Mobile App, similarly to Bitcoin. Plutons have the
added benefit of zero transaction fees, as well as instant transaction confirmations.

Pluton Rebate System

Plutus Mobile App users are rewarded with a rebate,
at a predetermined rate, of Plutons for every Bitcointo-fiat exchange they make in order to fill their VDC
balance. Plutons can be exchanged for fiat currency
that is then instantly credited to the users contactless balance. There is no rebate reward given for exchanges of Pluton and fiat currencies.

Ownership of Plutons is tied to an Ethereum account. Pluton token source code  running on the
production Ethereum network (networkid 1)  acts
as a decentralized and distributed ledger of all Pluton transactions and the addressed location of every
Pluton. The benefits of using Ethereums blockchain
is its reliability, underwritten by Ethereums built-in
incentives for securing the blockchain. This ensures
the continuity, integrity and security of the Pluton
ledger.

The Pluton Rebate System (Figure 7) is implemented
on the Ethereum network and regulated by the DEX.
Plutons received as rebate rewards are distributed automatically by the DEX to Plutus Mobile App users.

There will be 20,000,000 total Plutons in existence.
As the trading begins for Plutons on the DEX network, the exchange rate, EP , will fluctuate according
to market conditions. Its general equation can be
The Ethereum network supports near-instant confir- described as the amount of Plutons, Pt , required to
mations of Pluton transactions. According to the lat6

Figure 7: The Plutus Rebate System
able exchange rate of, EBT C , Bitcoin to the British
Pounds, expressed as

trade for one Bitcoin, or
EP =

Pt
1BT C

(1)
EBT C =

1BT C
Tt GBP

(2)

where Tt represents the current amount of British
Pounds required to purchase one Bitcoin as dictated
by the market.

Bid orders for Plutons are made via the trading frontend. The PlutusDEX trading API will be open
source. It will enable the participation of users on
the DEX network once they have been verified on
the frontend.

Let Ti symbolize a single transaction by a single user,
worth no more than a maximum value of 30. Multiplying Ti by equation (1) yields the Bitcoin value,
Bi , of the given transaction,

Users can buy Plutons, as well as Bitcoin, using the
DEX. Plutons earned via rebates can be transferred
on the blockchain and have no restrictions on use with
in the payment system. Users can transfer Plutons to
other users or trade them for fiat currency, which is
sent to the users VDC balance for in-store purchases.
Plutons are implemented as a Transferable Fungibles
e.g. sub-currency on Ethereum, using the standard
Ethereum API.

Bi = EBT C  Ti

(3)

where Ti  30.
The rebate reward rate, R, changes every 24 hours according to the previous days aggregate Bitcoin transaction volume, V  , expressed as
V =

Since rebate rewards are only dispersed when converting Bitcoin to fiat money we must utilise the vari-

n
X
i=1

7

Bi

(4)

Finally, we can calculate the total Pluton dispersed
to users for an entire day, Pday , by summation of the
results obtained from equation (3) and equation (7)
and simplifying to obtain the emission equation:

where the symbol, , in the superscript indicates
that it represents data from the previous day. The
previous days aggregate Bitcoin transaction volume
is obtained above by summation of each instance of
equation (3) on the previous day.

n
X
The rebate reward rate is determined by an algorithm
(Pi  Bi )
(8)
P
=
R

day
(Figure 8), where R is a dependent variable to V  by
i=1
adapting and modifying the model of a step function
to a non-Boolean use. The indicator function of R
is defined as the interval expression, IV  , with the 2.4.2 Smart Contracts & Functionality
subscript, V  , of equation (4), which acts as the
interval parameter function of the next days rebate On the Ethereum blockchain, dApps are regulated by
their underlying code, commonly called a smart conreward rate, defined by the expression
tract. Plutus has several types of interacting contract
code, each with an important function. Each instance
(5) can be called via the internal infrastructure, the PluR := IV  (R)
tus web-application (client side), and/or the Plutus
The interval parameter function is defined by the Mobile App. When an instance is called, the result is
variable values of R, which are dependent on the cor- transmitted, asynchronously, as an Ethereum event.
responding range of the previous days Bitcoin transThese events will handle all Plutus transactions beaction volume, V  .
tween traders and users; will register new deposits
of fiat currency; and will regulate the issuance of
IV  (R) := {Ri , mi  V   Mi
(6) new Pluton tokens, earned by users as rebates. Every time a Plutus smart contract is called, a small
The rebate rate, Ri , in the above expression repre- amount of Ether must be payed as a transaction
sents the general structure of the parameters that fee for Ethereum miners. This fee is known as the
describe every possible value. Each daily rebate rate, Gas Price and is paid for by Plutus.
Ri , must differentiate from the previous days rate,
R , by 0.01%, while Mi  mi = 0.1BT C at each Each instance of a Plutus smart contract is explained
step. The maximum rebate rate is set at 3% when in more detail below. Their interactions are illusthe daily volume is 5 BTC or less and 1% when the trated in Figure 9:
daily volume is 25 BTC or more. Thus, each daily
increase in volume of 0.1 BTC will reduce the rebate
 Plutus User Contract: This is created for each
rate by 0.01%, and vice-versa.
user and each trader who register. Users can
register through the Plutus Mobile App. Due to
The PlutusDEX dApp calculates the previous 24hr
Know-Your-Customer (KYC) rules, users must
Bitcoin deposit volume on the network to determine
identify themselves using the Plutus central serthe rebate amount for the following 24hrs on the app.
vice, or through an external service such as
This data is relayed to the Pluton issuer code and the
Uport.
The user contract itself will contain a
change is affected immediately.
limited amount of logic, but it does reference
Now that the rebate reward rate, R, has been found
other smart contracts such as PlutusDEX conabove, we can find the amount of Pluton, Pi , for one
tract and the Pluton token contract.
users single transaction by multiplying the results of
 PlutusDEX Contract: Enables users to exchange
equation (1), equation (3), and the current exchange
Plutons, fiat currency and Bitcoin. Traders
rate, R , to find
can deposit fiat money using the Plutus centralized web-application. After verification by the

P i = EP  B i  R
(7)
Plutus internal infrastructure, users can trade
by directly interacting with the smart contract
The rebate reward rate has the delta in its superscript
through the standard client provided by Plutus,
to indicate that it was calculated using the previous
or by using a custom client.
days Bitcoin transaction volume as expressed in equation (5).
 Pluton Token Contract: Determines the Pluton
balance of every user on the Pluton network and

8

Figure 8: The Plutus Rebate Rate Algorithm

Figure 9: The Pluton Smart Contracts Workflow
9

uses the standard Ethereum API where applicable. Users can view their balance and create
Pluton transactions using a wallet that supports
the transferable fungibles standard, through the
plutons.sol ABI definition. For example: see
Mist Wallet 0.3.5 (Beta 3) release.

 VDC gateway connects to the Plutus app.
 VDC providers API enables users to generate a single virtual debit card token for each
selected currency (GBP, USD & EUR).
 A Plutus app account only allows one VDC
account per currency. Each new deposit
will be added to the same VDC account.

 Plutus Issuer Contract: Regulates the amount
of Plutons issued as rebate rewards for Plutus
users. The contract uses the process detailed in
Section 2.4.1. Rewards are based on the amount
of Bitcoin that a user trades for fiat currency
each day. Only Plutus central can issue rebates.

 VDC gateway connection to NFC device.
 Plutus app user initiates a purchase cycle,
by contacting the merchants NFC-enabled
POS terminal (contactless card reader).

 Name Registry Contract: Holds the addresses
of all active Plutus smart contracts, and allows
other smart contracts to call it to return specific addresses on the Ethereum blockchain. See
namereg.sol for example code.

 The mobile devices built-in NFC capability is used to send the VDC tokenauthorization code to the merchants payment processor or bank.

A more detailed overview of Plutus smart contracts
Trust & Security
and how they interact can be found in Section 3
4. Plutus smart contracts are being actively developed as open source software viewable on the The app user preloads his VDC using Bitcoin. The
Plutus Github. Readers are encouraged to comment request is stored on the Ethereum blockchain, renor supply patches to the source code.
dering it transparent and decentralized. This request
is handled by the DEX, which sends the traders payExample of an smart contract source:
out address to the Plutus Mobile App. The app then
transfers Bitcoin directly to the payout address pro

vided by the trader.










 





Since public addresses of traders are published on
blockchains, and therefore known to the Plutus platform, the Plutus platform can verify that the amount
transferred to the traders accounts is correct before
releasing the fiat balance accordingly. The VDCprovider receives the fiat amount and loads balance
to the customers VDC.

The app is designed for small day to day payments
only. It has a deposit limit for different account types
and a per transaction limit of 30 in the UK (minimum transaction limit changes according to loca2.5 Virtual Debit Card Gateway
tion). Users will be advised to only deposit what they
wish to spend. In case of user error where the deposit
A DEX trader transfers fiat funds to the Plutus es- amount is more or less than the requested amount,
crow account prior to entering trade information. the smart contract will notify Plutus of the anomaly
Only the Plutus virtual debit card gateway applica- and fund the users VDC account accordingly.
tion can release the fiat balance to a virtual debit card
token. This is a secure token used for authorization, Note: Traders receiving deposits have verified identiwhich is sent to the merchants payment processor ties using KYC/AML procedures and have fiat funds
via the NFC mobile device. The fiat amount is re- secured in escrow. There is a minimum balance limit
leased to the merchants bank-account via the debit for traders on the DEX to protect against anomalies
card payment network, once the trade has been com- linking to incorrect deposit amounts.
pleted.
Figure 10: Pluton Rebate Code

10

Table 4: Blockchain Transactions
 


 

 

 

   
 

4

Development Technology &
Smart Contract Stack

 

   

  

  

  

   
   
   
 

Anyone with a contract address will be able to access
data. However, only people with access to certain
Ethereum accounts will be able to modify or enter
data.

Table 5: Implementation

Table 1: Plutus Contracts


 

 
  

 





 



 

 

  



 



 



  

 

   





 

 
 
   




  

  
    

     
       



    

 



    
 



   



  
 



      
     
 

Table 1 Links:
Standardized Currency API
Standardized Name Registry

 

Table 2: Plutus Accounts

  




  



      

    
    

 
 

  



 



     

   

       

    





   

 

      

     



    

  


   



Table 3: Plutus Infrastructure
 



 

         

   

        

    



   



        



 



Table 5 Links:
Windows Phone
Go-Ethereum
Web3.js
Solidity
Bitcoind
Web3 API

     





    

  

11

Glossary
Bitcoin a digital peer to peer currency.
blockchain a permissionless distributed database that maintains a continuously growing list of data records
secured from any tampering or revision.
escrow Bank account to secure fiat deposit from the network.
Ethereum a next-generation application platform based on blockchain technology.
fiat currency National currency issued by a central governing organization such as the European Bank or
the Bank of England or the US Federal Reserve.
Near Field Communication (NFC) Allows a mobile phone to communicate with a payment terminal.
peer-to-peer (P2P) A network in which each computer can act as a server for the others, allowing shared
access to data without the need for a central server.
Plutons Rewarded to users when depositing Bitcoin. Built for instant confirmations and issued on the
Ethereum blockchain as a digital token.
Plutus Internal Infrastructure Central software hosted on servers to provide the platform for traders.
It acts as a bridge between the blockchain and the VDC as well as the mobile application.
Plutus Mobile Application Allows conversion of Bitcoin and Plutons to Fiat currency balance on a
virtual debit card token to pay merchants.
PlutusDEX Decentralized Exchange logic running as smart contracts on the Ethereum network.
smart contract A computer protocol that facilitates, verifies, or enforces the negotiation or performance
of an agreement between multiple parties.
trader Plutus app user who buys Bitcoin in exchange for for fiat currency.
user a consumer with an NFC-enabled mobile device with the Plutus Mobile App installed on their device.
Virtual Debit Card (VDC) A debit card that is issued and usable on a digital device without a corresponding plastic card.

12

ABSTRACT:
This whitepaper describes a comprehensive platform for remote online
real estate transactions using Smart Contracts. Propy is a proposed
implementation of this platform, which intends to reduce reliance on
intermediaries while improving liquidity and security.
CONTENTS
1. INTRODUCTION........................................................................................... 3
1.1 BACKGROUND........................................................................................ 3
1.2 THE PROBLEM....................................................................................... 3
1.3 THE SOLUTION....................................................................................... 4
1.4 BLOCKCHAIN AS A NEW STANDARD FOR PROPERTY REGISTRIES......... 5
1.5 TECHNOLOGY LIMITATIONS................................................................... 6
1.6 SMART CONTRACTS FOR THE EXISTING LEGAL FRAMEWORK............. 7
1.7 TOWARDS A DECENTRALIZED P2P SYSTEM.......................................... 9
1.8 REGULATION CHANGE........................................................................... 9
2. PROPY PLATFORM V.1.............................................................................. 11
2.1 PROPY - ONLINE PROPERTY STORE...................................................... 11
2.2 PROPY REGISTRY - GLOBAL TITLE REGISTRY........................................ 13
2.2.1 PROPY REGISTRY SMART CONTRACTS ARCHITECTURE............. 14
2.3 COMPLEMENTARY SOFTWARE COMPONENTS................................... 17
2.3.1 PROPY EXPLORER........................................................................ 17
2.3.2 API LIBRARIES............................................................................. 19
2.3.3 DATA STANDARDS....................................................................... 19
2.4 TRANSACTION PLATFORM V.1. PROTOTYPE WORKFLOW................... 20
3. PROPY PLATFORM V.2 FOR DECENTRALIZED P2P SALES........................ 23
3.1 OVERVIEW........................................................................................... 23
3.2 SMART CONTRACTS PARTICIPANTS..................................................... 23
3.3 WORKFLOW......................................................................................... 24
4. BUSINESS MODEL..................................................................................... 25
5. PROPY TOKEN (PRO)................................................................................. 26
5.1 INTRODUCTION................................................................................... 26
5.2 REGISTRY FEES..................................................................................... 27
5.3 TOKEN FLOW OVERVIEW.................................................................... 27
5.4 ECONOMIC MODEL............................................................................. 27
5.5 PROPY REGISTRY FEE USAGE............................................................... 28
5.6 NETWORK GROWTH............................................................................ 28
5.7 DONATIONS......................................................................................... 29
5.8 COMPANY............................................................................................ 30
6. CONCLUSION............................................................................................. 31

PROPY WHITE PAPER

2

1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 BACKGROUND
Throughout history, real estate has arguably served as the most stable
store of value. Together with labor, as Adam Smith noted in The Wealth
of Nations, land serves as not only a store but a producer of wealth1. Real
estates popularity over the years has been derived from the fact that not
only is land typically an asset which nearly always appreciates in value, but
also is often an income-producing asset, generating further capital wealth
for its owners. While beneficial for 16th-century nobles to find a safe
place to store value, real estates illiquidity nowadays presents significant
inefficiencies for investors, especially those buying properties abroad.
Despite these inefficiencies, the overseas property market is significant
and growing. Between 2009 and 2016 the demand for cross-border real
estate transactions increased 334% from $65 billion to $340 billion2. We
believe this market should be and can be much, much larger.
1.2 THE PROBLEM
Today, the global real estate market is worth $217 trillion and makes up
more than half the value of all mainstream assets worldwide3. One great
differentiator between real estate and other major asset classes is liquidity.
Compared to exchange-traded securities such as equities and government
bonds, real estate markets are not as organized or efficient as other
markets, with incredibly slow transaction times and less efficient price
discovery mechanisms. As a result, substantial capital is trapped in less
liquid investments, often concentrated in certain geographic areas devoid
of domestic investment opportunities. While many investors with excess
liquidity would welcome the opportunity to invest in foreign real estate
assets, there are currently substantial impediments to such investment
activity.
China is an excellent example of this problem. Currently, Chinese citizens
are among the largest groups of foreign investor in the U.S. real estate

Smith, A. The Wealth of Nations. 1776.
Savills, Around the World in Dollars and Cents. 2017.
3
Savills, Around the World in Dollars and Cents. 2017.
1
2

PROPY WHITE PAPER

3

1. INTRODUCTION

market. Chinese investors own over $28 billion in U.S. residential property4.
However, the total value of the U.S. residential real estate market is over
$29 trillion5. Foreign investment in the U.S. residential sector could be
potentially equal to hundreds of billions of dollars if foreign investors
were properly educated on how to invest and provided with the facility to,
among other things, close real estate transactions online. In the current
market, Chinese who intend to invest in foreign real estate mainly rely on
family and friends to obtain referrals to local brokers, who in turn work with
international brokers in selling a property. This process is time-consuming,
involves too many intermediaries, and often, the property the buyers are
seeking for is sold to another investor before the process is complete.
The core of the problem is the lack of international standards or
comprehensively available platforms for the electronic transfer and
recording of real estate. Each country (and in some cases, as in the
United States, even individual counties) maintains its own registry
and establishes national (or local) rules for property deed registration
and transfers. Moreover, legacy property rights registry systems were
developed to handle local real estate transfers but are ill-equipped to
handle international ownership transfers. As a result, there is an inferior
experience for people on both sides of the marketplace. Additionally, the
informality of procedures prevalent in certain jurisdictions makes them
particularly susceptible to fraud or tampering. There is currently no single
tool available that allows a property investor to research, pay for, and
reliably secure and record ownership of international property online.
1.3 THE SOLUTION
Propy aims to solve the problems facing international real estate transactions
by creating a novel unified property store and asset transfer platform for the
global real estate industry. Initially the Propy Registry will mirror official land
registry records in which transfers of real estate are recorded. Ultimately,
however, Propys vision is that jurisdictions will adopt the Propy Registry as
their official ledger of record such that the transfer of a property on the

4
5

Global elite buys trophy apartments. Financial Times. 2015
How Much is Every Home in America Worth? A Lot. Zillow Research. 2016

PROPY WHITE PAPER

4

1. INTRODUCTION

Propy Registry constitutes the legal transfer of the property and the legal
registration of that transfer. By leveraging Propy Registry and Propys smart
contracts platform, unnecessary delays and impediments inherent to legacy
property rights registrations systems could be eliminated. The Propy platform
seeks to enhance the security of transactions while reducing inefficiencies
through its innovative use of mobile, cloud and blockchain technologies
linking buyers, sellers, investors and registries around the world.
1.4 BLOCKCHAIN AS A NEW STANDARD FOR PROPERTY REGISTRIES
Blockchain technology holds great promise for a range of industries and
use cases, including real estate. A blockchain is a type of shared database,
the contents of which are verified and agreed upon by a network of
independent actors. In order for a new piece of data (such as the new
owner of a transferred property) to be added to the blockchain, the
independent verifiers must come to consensus as to its validity.
Because each new set of transactions (a block) is cryptographically linked
to the previous block, it is extraordinarily difficult to change data stored
in a blockchain and any such change would be readily detectable. Thus
blockchains are widely considered to be immutable and thus can serve as
a record of proof of ownership.
When transacting in a blockchain platform, each user makes use of a public
address (needed for other actors in the network to send a transaction to
that user), and a cryptographically paired private key. Private keys are
used to sign transactions digitally, a form of authentication to ensure that
a given user has genuinely generated a transaction.
Blockchain is a relatively new technology. The first implementation of
blockchain, Bitcoin, launched in 2009. The Ethereum blockchain was
released in 2015. In addition to the distributed ledger capability of the
Bitcoin blockchain, the Ethereum blockchain allows so-called smart
contracts, which are programs stored in the Ethereum blockchain that
can act autonomously to execute sophisticated transactions6.

6

Ethereum Whitepaper, https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper, 2016

PROPY WHITE PAPER

5

1. INTRODUCTION

The rise of Ethereum and other smart contract platforms has allowed the
creation of decentralized applications, or DApps. A DApp is an application
whose entire or partial backend code runs on a decentralized ledger with
a user interface to facilitate interaction with the blockchain code7. Code
written to the blockchain is publically accessible, and since the code is
running on multiple computers, there is no central point of failure.
Blockchain is currently considered one of the most secure technologies for
digital asset transfer due to its distributed nature and use of sophisticated
cryptography. Smart contacts, therefore, offer a potential solution for the
management of real estate transactions via the introduction of a universal,
distributed ledger that does not require trust in a single third party.
1.5 TECHNOLOGY LIMITATIONS
The main limitations of blockchain technology today are:
1.	Transaction time, which is currently ten minutes on average for
Bitcoin (blockchain.info) and seventeen seconds on average for
Ethereum (ethstats.net);
2.	The cost for each transaction/smart contract execution; and
3.	The limited ability of the network to interface with real-world
information.
Despite these limitations, Propy believes that blockchain technology is
well suited as a solution to conduct real estate transactions, because the
number of transactions in real estate trading is relatively low due to the
nature of the sector and the relatively high value of real estate assets. In
addition the current transaction time for recording on blockchain is not a
limitation for the Propys solution because otherwise it requires weeks or
months to acquire a property and complete a transfer of ownership.

7

Your First DApp, https://dappsforbeginners.wordpress.com/tutorials/your-first-dapp/, 2017.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

6

1. INTRODUCTION

1.6 SMART CONTRACTS FOR THE EXISTING LEGAL FRAMEWORK
Propys engineering team has designed a real estate transaction tool
powered by smart contracts, combining solutions from the legal, blockchain
and payments industries. Using blockchain technology, Propy has prototyped
some of the core technology that will become the Propy Registry as a DApp
that allows each party to a real estate transaction  including the broker,
buyer, seller and title agent/notaryto sign off on a transaction for properties
located in California, which is Propys intended first market. The workflow
of the processes has been built to meet the market rules within the legacy
property rights registry systems currently existing in the state of California.
The goal of launching the Propy platform only in California at first is to allow
the current prototype to be narrowly focused on driving consumer testing,
adoption and improvements within a closed test market. Thereupon, Propy
will seek to implement the Propy solution and drive continuous rapid growth
throughout key markets around the world.
Ultimately, the Propy Registry will make it possible for every single step of a
real estate transaction, from the buyers reservation of the property to the
signing of the purchase agreements for the delivery of the title deeds, to be
recorded on blockchain and executed with smart contracts.
However, due to blockchains new and innovative nature, Propy recognizes
the existence of regulatory and infrastructure limitations in the current
technology as applicable to real estate transactions and is in the process of
building a multi-stage solution to be gradually phased in over time.
The first iteration of the Propy DApp (which includes a centralized interface
and decentralized smart contracts) intends to streamline existing real estate
market processes by, among other things, reducing the need to rely on the
multiple intermediaries currently involved in the real estate transactions.
While aspects of the process will be partly decentralized, it will primarily
make the current real estate transfer process easier to manage and more
transparent. As it develops, Propy intends to transition towards a pure
P2P decentralized system that obviates the need for most of the existing
intermediaries involved in real estate transactions today. We note that certain
intermediaries performing physical functions such as property inspection
will remain part of the transaction process at least in the immediately

PROPY WHITE PAPER

7

1. INTRODUCTION

foreseeable future. The final stage in that evolution would be the adoption
of the Propy Registry as the legal ledger of record for real estate title
transfers in a given jurisdiction. Based on the founders many years of crossborder property purchase experience to date, we anticipate that emerging
markets, hungry for investments in real estate and less encumbered by
entrenched special interests, such as bureaucracy, corruption and too many
intermediaries, will see the benefits of a pure P2P transaction model. Propy
has already begun the process of accelerating this transition across multiple
metropolitan markets by talking to governments, local lawyers and local real
estate players. The team has developed a network of brokers in the UAE, UK,
U.S. and a pipeline of international customers from Asia.

FIGURE 1. Development Roadmap.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

8

1. INTRODUCTION

1.7 TOWARDS A DECENTRALIZED P2P SYSTEM
Traditionally, international standards are established via conventions, laws
and regulations enacted by governments. As a result of the lack of standards
with international scope, the current electronic land title registry solutions
function as multiple incompatible sets of siloed data which must be manually
parsed and translated to work with external platforms. The Propy Registry
can solve that problem. In order to do so, and for the Propy Registry to
ultimately deliver on its full promise, it will need to transition from a ledger
that mirrors official land registry ledgers to being the official ledger of record.
For a government to adopt this technology, it would need to recognize the
legality of the electronic deeds and the ledger. Propy is actively engaging
with local and state governments to accelerate the acceptance of the
Propy Registry as a legally valid ledger of record for real estate transfers.
Additionally, Propy is working with the governments of several emerging
countries where, due to systems inefficiencies, corruption and the lack of
regulatory complexity, a transition to a new system is expected to be more
straightforward; the specific countries to be disclosed in due course as
partnerships are confirmed.
1.8 REGULATION CHANGE
There are two possible legislative environments we are currently
preparing for:
1.	The first one would be the current context, where governments
recognize their legacy databases as the exclusive legal evidence of
ownership. In this environment, Propy intends to initially conduct
business and thus, the current development of Propy is geared towards
mirroring government records in the blockchain with the goal of
providing a platform for foreign real estate investors to conveniently
and remotely carry out property transactions. The Propy Registry
acts as a source of fast delivered evidence of property transfer for
brokers and serves as a mirror of the ownership transfers currently
taking place at the title registries of the targeted markets (U.S., UK,
UAE). Brokers who focus on foreign real estate investments, have
expressed the need to have available technology that could allow

PROPY WHITE PAPER

9

1. INTRODUCTION

the online processing of real estate purchases with the additional
layers of security that the Propy Registry intends to provide.
2.	The second legislative environment would arise when progressive
governments start recognizing the benefits of ownership transfers
on blockchain as a more desirable alternative instead of trying
to continue to enhance the existing real estate registries. The
widespread adoption of a blockchain system to manage real estate
titles positions Propy to provide a sole, decentralized source of
validation for real estate transactions.

BEFORE PROPY:
Offline steps

Registry

Bank X

Escrow Agent*
Title Deed

Buyer

Portals

Manual
Processing

Ownership Verification

Title Agent*

Ownership Recording
Land Registry

Seller
Attorney for Title
Delay or Risk

*
Bank Y

Notary

Title insurance and title
agent are relevant for the
US. In some countries the
role of the title agents
is played by others, i.e.
notary and lawyers.

FIGURE 2. Legacy title transfer.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

10

2. PROPY PLATFORM V.1
Propy consists of multiple software components, as further described
below.
2.1 PROPY - ONLINE PROPERTY STORE
Propy is an online global real estate store, allowing buyers, sellers, brokers,
and escrow/title agents/notaries to come together through the utilization
of a suite of smart contracts to facilitate transactions. Propy provides a
network for these actors to connect with each other and conduct real
estate purchases online.
The culmination of the transaction is a digital transfer of ownership on the
Propy Registry. For more information about these processes and smart
contracts, please refer to section 3.
As of the date of this paper, the Propy DApp has been developed to
allow users to find properties and initiate the purchase process. The
current system consists of the following features and primary functions:
	 Web-based platform Propy & iOS App
Propy;
	 Messenger;
	 Localization in site and application is
available in Chinese, Russian, and Arabic;
	 Brokers activity (check-ins, reviews);
	 Module for data aggregation and
standardization of property listings.
Currently works with eight types of data
feeds;
	 Off-market subscription providing access
to locked property listings;
	 Neighbourhood data: air-pollution, walk
score, schools; and
	 Reservation fee payment.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

11

2. PROPY PLATFORM V.1

The existing product uses the following technology:
A.	Server: C# with .NET Web API Service, MongoDB Database with
two replica sets, OAuth authentication, all services hosted on
Microsoft Azure;
B.	iOS Application Client: ObjectiveC, supports all phones with
minimum version of iOS8 - https://itunes.apple/us/app/propybuy-rent-properties/id1017369540?mt=8;
C.	Website, www.propy.com: ASP.NET 4, MVC 5, React.js; and
D.	Web-based Transaction Platform prototype: open Ethereumbased blockchain, Java, web3, truffle.
In the future, Propy intends to use a distributed database to store listings as
an intermediate step along the way to a decentralized solution. The mobile
app and the desktop application would have a digital wallet to store Propy
Utility Tokens (PROs) and users would be able to store in those wallets the
PROs that they collect via the rewards programs that are further described
in Section 5 below.
	

PROPY WHITE PAPER

12

2. PROPY PLATFORM V.1

2.2 PROPY REGISTRY - GLOBAL TITLE REGISTRY
Each property has a unique title that serves as evidence of ownership. The
ownership of properties is usually tracked by the recordation of such titles in
organized property registries which are managed by regional governmental
organizations. As previously discussed, Propy aims to develop the Propy
Registry with the ultimate goal of becoming a global registry for title deed
ownership information, which would be made available to worldwide
entities, similar to a DNS8 system for website domains.

WITH PROPY AND BLOCKCHAIN

Title Deed

Buyers Banks

Payment

Ownership Verification

Buyer
Approve
Unified distributed Ledger
with Smart Contracts

Current Title / Land Registry

Ownership Recording

Payment

Title Deed
Seller

SellersBanks

FIGURE 3. Interaction of transaction participants via the blockchain,
described in further detail in Section 2.4

Domain Name Servers (DNS) are the Internets equivalent of a phone book. They maintain
a directory of domain names and translate them to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.
8

PROPY WHITE PAPER

13

2. PROPY PLATFORM V.1

As the Propy Registry evolves into a system that enables buyers to validate
real estate transactions legally, Propy intends to include a modular system
to allow regional governments to provide country-specific rules and
regulations related to real estate transactions that would be incorporated
into the Propys smart contracts platform. The set of smart contracts
developed to date are able to assist executing a real estate purchase within
the current market and legal infrastructure in California, i.e. in compliance
with rules and policies of escrow and title companies and in compliance
with the California laws governing the recording and purchase process
rules.
2.2.1 PROPY REGISTRY SMART CONTRACTS ARCHITECTURE
Propy Registry consists of multiple contracts interacting with each
other, and follows a microservices architecture approach9. Each
contract is responsible for a single type of record in the system. Each
contract contains functions that allow the creation and modification of
records, contract updates and other administrative functions.
The list of contracts that have been developed to date and a brief
description of their functions are listed below:
A.	Title Contract:
a.	Responsible for storing and updating property metadata
on the blockchain; and
b.	The PROs are used to unlock the services within the
Propy platform that would permit creating and updating
property records.
B.	Deed Contract:
a.	Manages relevant information for Escrow services;
b.	Tracks and initiates the invitation of participants in the
transaction (i.e. title agent); and
c.	 Requires PROs to create and update deed related records.

Microservice architecture is a method of developing software applications as a suite of
independently deployable, small, modular services in which each service runs a unique
process and communicates through a well-defined, lightweight mechanism to serve a
business goal.
9

PROPY WHITE PAPER

14

2. PROPY PLATFORM V.1

SMART CONTRACTS
TITLE
CONTRACT

DEED
CONTRACT

IDENTITY
CONTRACT

Titles

Deeds

Identities

Administrator
Pub. key
(Propy)

Administrator
Pub. key
(Propy)

Administrator
Pub. key
(Propy)

PROPY
WEBSITE & APP
Identity Verification

Registry
administrator
ECDSA private key

ECDSA
Private Key

Title Deed
Recording
Recording Office /
Land Registry

Identity
Data
(private)

Transfer
Notary Office /
Title Company

FIGURE 4. Interaction between the Propy smart contracts and the real
world data.
C.	Identity Contract:
a.	Stores multiple records with identity information for all
users of the system; and
b.	Contains KYC features for verifying legal identity.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

15

2. PROPY PLATFORM V.1

The list of contracts which are currently under development and a
brief description of their functions are listed below:
A.	Agreements Contract:
a.	Stores instances of various legal agreements (purchase
agreements, inspection reports, disclaimers), that need to
be digitally signed for Deed transactions.
B.	Electronic Signatures Contract:
a.	Stores digital signatures for all documents, participating in
the Propy Registry;
b.	Allows to having multiple signatories acting in different
capacities in the same document; and
c.	 Validates digital signatures format.	

IDENTITY

TITLE

ID
Name
Signature

ID
Address
Status
Current Owner

DEED
ID
Seller_ID
Buyer_ID
Status*
Propy_ID
* Status:
	 waiting for deposit
	 security deposit received
	 full payment received
	 payment released

AGREEMENTS
ID
Doc Type
Deed ID

ROLE
WHITELIST

ELECTRONIC
SIGNATURE
Agreement ID
Role
Signature ID
Signature Hash

Person ID
Role

FIGURE 5.
Smart contracts architecture.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

16

2. PROPY PLATFORM V.1

C.	Payments Contract:
a.	Manages the initiation of payment requests.
b.	Tracks status of payment requests.
c.	 Confirms authenticity of payments using variations
of SPV algorithm (Simplified Payment Verification).
Specific implementations will vary depending on each
payment processor.
D.	Escrow Contracts:
a.	Contains Escrow/Title Agent functionality (adding
data about the escrow account number, title transfer
signing).
b.	Allows a verified Escrow Agent to lock and release
payments.
c.	 Individual Parties Contracts: related to a particular real
person. Contains KYC features.
The fig. 5 diagram visualizes the information, roles and interaction
between each of the smart contracts, described above.
The following participants are involved in different capacities in
the smart contracts:
1.	Seller
2.	Buyer
3.	Broker
4.	Escrow/Title Agent (or Notary)
5.	Recording Office (or Title Registry)
6.	Money Transmitter
7.	Real Estate Inspector
2.3 COMPLEMENTARY SOFTWARE COMPONENTS
Propy will seek to develop a number of complementary software
components for the Propy Registry to accelerate the growth of the network.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

17

2. PROPY PLATFORM V.1

2.3.1 PROPY EXPLORER
The contract explorer, Propy Explorer, is an open and extensible front
end which acts as a gateway for accessing information about properties
and transactions in the Propy Registry, as well as Propy Utility Tokens.
For more details about Propy Utility Tokens, please see section 5.
Propy Explorer intends to provide a sleek interface, within which
users can search within the Propy Registry. Propy Explorer receives
data from two locations: Propys central database, and Propy Registry.
Propy Registry only handles real estate title ownership, while more
sizeable data, such as images, property description, purchase
agreement content, come from Propys central database (storage may
be decentralized in the future). Users view transactions within those
databases through Propy Explorer.

PROPY EXPLORER
GLOBAL LISTING
STATISTICS

Search

ACTIVE
PROPERTIES

Properties
Owners
Transactions
Total $ spent
$ spent this payout period

Address
Status Change
Value Estimate
Address
Status Change
Value Estimate

ACTIVE
USERS
Name
Properties
Name
Properties
Name
Properties

RECENT TRANSACTIONS
Address
Status Change
Value Estimate

Ownership
Purchased by:

Name
Properties

FIGURE 6. Propy Explorer UI Mockup.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

18

2. PROPY PLATFORM V.1

2.3.2 API LIBRARIES
Propy is developing API libraries to enable easy access to registry
data for third-party applications. The libraries interact directly with
the smart contracts and do not rely on the availability of the Propy
website or other centralized components.
2.3.3 DATA STANDARDS
Propy plans to develop standards for storing real estate title deeds on
the blockchain, which would consist of a set of metadata such as the
address, owner details, right typology, property typology, coordinates,
property condition. The Propy team has extensive experience and
in-depth knowledge of the real estate market in the U.S., European
countries, the Middle East and China. That experience is intended to
help build universal data standards, constructed from the metadata
enumerated above, that can be adopted globally.
Propy standards and developers APIs are intended to empower an
entire ecosystem of real estate applications.
Propy has undertaken the challenging mission of developing industryaccepted data standards for real estate transactions, being cognizant
of the present obstacles associated with interoperable data and
metadata that have been growing in industries such as for example
geospatial technologies (Open Geospatial Consortium), electronics
(Sematech), medical devices, and other activities.
Typically, interoperability standards definitions proceed most
successfully through a strategic mixture of:
A.	Mapping the ecosystem of stakeholders who generate, use,
analyze and repurpose the data;
B.	Designing a prototype platform demonstrating the economic
and technical costs, risks and inability to reuse or trust data
exchanged in its pre-standardized form;
C.	Identifying early adopters and innovative thinkers across the
ecosystem for whom the costs and risks are a burden, and

PROPY WHITE PAPER

19

2. PROPY PLATFORM V.1

to whom or by whom innovative uses of standardized data
would be of benefit;
D.	Mapping the transactional flow of data, in a typical use case,
in order to see how the data is already defined as standardized
by specific processes as trusted in use;
E.	Extracting the trustworthy data definitions, and creating a
concordance (often via APIs) in order to tag trusted data by
the process that created or used it;
F.	Developing the technical specifications for qualifying the
standardized data and metadata;
G.	Proposing the standard data definitions to the stakeholders
who operate, use or rely on the business process; and
H.	Seeking ISO or other international standards setting
organizational approval of the standards so that ISO-compliant
software, hardware and services can expand the supply,
demand and utility of standardized interoperable data.
2.4 TRANSACTION PLATFORM V.1. PROTOTYPE WORKFLOW
Below is a description of the main flow of activities expected to occur
in the Propy platform as currently envisioned for a real estate purchase
in California:
1.	Buyer finds a property for sale in the Propy DApp.
2.	Buyer provides a flat reservation fee (approximately $5,000) to
ensure that he or she has a legitimate interest in purchasing a
property. Broker sends the notification to seller about the offer
submitted by buyer and invites the seller to get registered in Propy
to close the deal. Seller accepts the deposit, and thus the offer.
Buyer and Seller both provide KYC/AML documentation. The KYC
process is outsourced to a third party provider such as Civic.
3.	Purchase and Sale agreement is generated by Propy and sent to
the parties.
a.	The Title Contract establishes the parameters of the
transaction in order to comply with applicable regional
regulations.
4.	Propy performs ownership verification at Propy Registry via Escrow/
Title agent participation at Propys system.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

20

2. PROPY PLATFORM V.1

5.	Buyer receives notification that ownership has been verified and
signs the agreement electronically.
6.	If the price proposed by the buyer is accepted by the seller, she will
proceed to electronically execute the agreement.
7.	If the buyer in connection with the property purchase opted to
perform a property inspection (and appraisal), then within seven
days, Propy would provide, at an additional cost, an inspection
report prepared by a third-party service provider.
8.	Money is transferred to an escrow account, set by an Escrow/Title
Agent at the dashboard in Propy DApp, either in one transfer or X%
deposit and Y% in installments. Fiat currency will be used.
9.	Propy generates the payment form for Buyer and tracks the
payment with its payment processor partner(s).
10.	Propy marks payment as received on Payment Smart Contract
Status once the wire transfer arrives as per notification by the
payment processor partner(s).
11.	Propy verifies again the ownership at the Propy Registry ledger
and via third parties such as title company and records the asset
transfer on the Propy Registry in Pending mode, notifies the
Recording Office and sends the blockchain hash to the recording
office and to all the other parties involved.
12.	Prepare property for the transaction.
a.	Propy notifies Seller and Buyer that the funds have been
received and ownership is clean and Pending.
13.	Sign electronic Transfer of Title Deed with Escrow/Title Agent.
a.	Propy generates Title form for Buyer and Seller to sign.
b.	Seller accepts and signs a Title Transfer contract at the Escrow/
Title Agents Office (or E-notary in the future).
c.	 Buyer accepts and signs the Title Transfer contract/
d.	E-notary verification takes place or Title Agent signs the deed.
Transferring property ownership.
14.	Escrow Agent submits the sale closing documents to recording
office.
a.	Recording office changes ownership records.
b.	Propy issues own electronic title deed with blockchain hash
and QR code to the buyer (All the documents collected
during the transaction besides the title deed are enforceable.
We believe this will be a catalyst for the Propy title deed to
become enforceable as well).

PROPY WHITE PAPER

21

2. PROPY PLATFORM V.1

c.	 Recording Office issues the physical Title Deed via mail to the
Buyer.
d.	Escrow Agent distributes money to Seller, Brokers and itself
and via the dashboard at Propy notifies about the completion
of this step.
15.	Deed Smart contract after the notification from step 11 marks
the transaction as Completed on the Propy Registry (shows
transaction ID here).
Post conditions: Propertys ownership is changed from Seller to Buyer in
Propy Registry.

RECORDING
OFFICE

PROPY

BLOCKCHAIN

Payment, documents
signing, ect
Transaction
started
Create e-deed
Transaction for title XXX has started

Update title status
to locked

E-deed
is created

Documents
processing
Documents processing completed

Deed is executed, title is finalized

Deed
is approved

FIGURE 7. Propy title issuance and recording within the existing ecosystem.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

22

3. PROPY PLATFORM V.2 FOR
DECENTRALIZED P2P SALES
3.1 OVERVIEW
The following description of technology and processes represents Propys
goals for the future and is subject to change based on regulatory and
market requirements.
As mentioned previously, the ultimate vision of Propy is not merely to
operate within the existing real estate legal infrastructure, but to disrupt
the legacy system by providing a far superior solution. The Propy team has
developed an idea for advanced real estate transaction services, provided
that the legal environment catches up with this disruptive new blockchain
technology. The Propy Registry, Property Store and other services will
achieve its full promise if and when land registries are modernized to
support this technology and recognize the Propy Registry as effectuating
a binding and legally enforceable change in title. Among the things that
need to happen to make this possible are:
1.	Digital signature in public blockchain need to be recognized as
legally binding.
2.	An identity system needs to be adopted, it would associate
individuals with a specific blockchain address (eID cards with
biometry is one of the options).
3.	Each government agency, participating in real estate transaction,
should have a smart contract-based API (especially crucial for
entities in charge of property taxes estimation and collection).
4.	All records from real estate land registries should migrate to the
blockchain.
3.2 SMART CONTRACTS PARTICIPANTS
Below is a list of the participants that need to be involved in the smart
contracts:
1.	Seller
2.	Buyer
3.	Notary or E-Notary or Government Validator
4.	Broker (optional)
5.	Real Estate Inspector (optional)

PROPY WHITE PAPER

23

3. PROPY PLATFORM V.2 FOR DECENTRALIZED P2P SALES

3.3 WORKFLOW
The workflow below gives a high level overview of how a P2P real estate
transaction would work:
1.	Seller lists a property in the Propy DApp.
2.	Buyer finds a property in Propy DApp that matches his criteria.
3.	Buyer submits an offer via smart contract to the registry subject
to minimum legally compliant conditions (including specifying
whether to include an inspection report).
4.	Seller accepts an offer by signing it with their digital signature.
5.	Intermediaries perform their actions (inspection and other
requirements of the smart contract, provided by the buyer).
6.	Once the conditions mentioned above are met a smart contract
triggers the payment system for Buyer to pay in cryptocurrency
(any currency can be supported).
7.	Smart contract accepts the payment and transfer the ownership to
the new owner on the Propy Registry once all terms and conditions
are met.
As mentioned in (3), we are making the system modular and letting Buyers
provide a number of conditions and inspection requirements. In such a
circumstance, the third party involved in satisfying the conditions signs
the smart contract with a digital signature.
System notifies intermediaries
Intermediaries carry out their respective actions, and notify
the system that their actions are complete
4

3
1

Buyer submits offer
for property

Seller accepts offer

2

6
Intermediaries

Buyer
5

Propy Registry on
Blockchain

Seller

Property changes
ownership in propy registry
Cryptocurrency is moved from Buyer to Seller

Figure 7. P2P Transactions in the Propy DApp

PROPY WHITE PAPER

24

4. BUSINESS MODEL
Propy has a very simple and scalable business model. When a property is
purchased on the Propy network, Propy takes a small percentage of the
final purchase price. Propy charges real estate brokers per transaction for
using Propys technology and tools. Payment will initially be made in fiat
currencies, and cryptocurrencies are plan to be added over time in the
jurisdictions where it is possible to do so. With a $340bn market size of all
cross-border real estate acquisitions and dispositions trading annually10,
the addressable market for Propy is significant.
The percentage that Propy takes from the final purchase price can be
smaller than the one currently charged by the existing intermediaries
in the real estate disposition process. Future expansions of the Propy.
com platform plan to eliminate multiple intermediaries, which would
progressively decrease transaction cost over time.

10

Cross-border capital flows to thrive as world grows older, JLL, 2016.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

25

5. PROPY TOKEN (PRO)
5.1 INTRODUCTION
The PRO tokens are designed to be used to unlock a smart contract for
title transfer in the Propy Registry. PRO tokens are built on the ERC-20
token standard, which allows for simple integration into users wallets.
The essential and obligatory steps for a real estate acquisition on Propy
Registry includes the execution of the Deed Contract and Title Contract,
which are necessary for the transfer of property title and the recording
of the change of ownership. The Propy Registry, will require the use of
PROs to pay the associated Registry Fees to record these modification
on blockchain.
Using PROs in the Propy platform is intended to be simple and user
friendly. Users would initiate the writing of new data to the Propy registry
via Propys interface, whether that data would result in the creation of
new title, or transferring a title already recorded in the system.
As such, the use of PROs will be necessary to access the services provided
in the Propy platform, as it would act as:
	 A uniform method of settlement for interacting with Propy Registry,
which reduces time delays and independence from any particular
fiat currency.
	 A decentralized registry requires some barrier to entry to initiate
transactions, otherwise the Propy network would be overloaded
with unnecessary records. The usage of PROs is crucial for the
network in order to prevent spam. If requests to write new
information to the network were free, attackers could repeatedly
send faulty requests; this blockchain bloat would prevent genuine
requests from reaching validators in the network.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

26

5. PROPY TOKEN (PRO)

5.2 REGISTRY FEES
As defined in section 2.2.1, the following contracts will require fee
payment:
	 Title contract  for all operations, that require creation and
updates of title records.
	 Deed contract  for all operations, associated with creation and
updates of deeds.
The company will develop a method to insure that the Registry fees remain
within a reasonable range relative to comparable services priced in fiat.
5.3 TOKEN FLOW OVERVIEW
The specific flow of PROs would be slightly different for users who already
own PROs than for those who do not at the time of the property purchase.
The users who do not own PROs have to buy them in the third party
marketplaces in order to transact.
Below is a description of the basic flow of PROs:
1.	Once a Buyer has selected a property to buy, it will initiate the
transaction via the Propy website/application.
2.	As Buyer goes through the KYC process, an identity record will be
created in Identity contract.
3.	Buyer would then make a Reservation fee payment in fiat and pay
the Registry Fees in PROs (see section 5.2).
4.	Records in the Deed and Title Contracts are intended to be unlocked
and executed as the purchase process occurs.
5.	The collected PROs are intended to be distributed as per section 5.5.
5.4 ECONOMIC MODEL
The PROs have a fixed supply of 100 million. The entire supply of tokens
will be issued at the beginning of the token sale. New tokens cannot be
created and the existing ones cannot be destroyed. Therefore, as demand
rises, there is no corollary increase in supply.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

27

5. PROPY TOKEN (PRO)

The PRO will be necessary to utilize the Propy Registry regardless of
whether it is accessed through the utilization of Propy services or a third
party interface.
5.5 PROPY REGISTRY FEE USAGE
The PROs paid for the Registry Fees would be distributed as follows: 1/3 would
be distributed to the company and 2/3 would be added to the Network Growth
Pool (as defined in section 5.6).
5.6 NETWORK GROWTH
Initially, 35% of the total supply of PROs would
be reserved for network growth. Additionally,
the network growth pool will receive  of
PROs collected from all the transactions as
described in section 5.5. The network growth
pool of PROs would be used to incentivize the
engagement of users in the platform.
Propy users would receive rewards in PROs
when undertaking certain actions on the
platform. For example, when a broker, home
buyer, or home seller joins the platform, they
would receive a reward in PROs for doing so.
This reward system intends to encourage the
adoption of the Propy platform worldwide. As
more users join the platform, there could be
an associated increase in the number of real
estate transactions performed on the platform.
Propy also intends to make distributions of
PROs from the network growth development
pool to governments and other large
institutional actors to incentivize the utilization
of the platform. Propy expects that this would
accelerate the realization of Propys vision 

PROPY WHITE PAPER

28

5. PROPY TOKEN (PRO)

the acceptance of the Propy Registry as a universal, decentralized legal
ledger for real estate ownership.
5.7 DONATIONS
Propy is aware that blockchain technology is not yet mature enough to
handle the load implied by millions of users, or billions of transactions.
While current network performance and infrastructure is predicted to be
sufficient for the future expansion and utilization of the Propy Registry,
Propy recognizes the importance of continued protocol-level development
to help achieve the ubiquitous usage of blockchain technology and to
support the load implied by millions of users and billions of transactions.
In pursuit of our vision, we are reserving 15% of the total supply of PROs
for donations to different organizations within the blockchain ecosystem
to support the improvement of blockchain infrastructure so that it can
also meet the transactional requirements of Propy and the Propy Registry
at scale. As part of this effort, Propy plans to donate to the foundations
such as Ethereum Foundation to support their research and development
towards scalability. Additionally, Propy plans to make donations to
support educational efforts in blockchain. Propy also intends to support
hackathons, Solidity educational programs, and blockchain courses.
The Donation Tokens will be distributed to foundations selected by the
company within three months after the crowdsale end date, on the
condition that the Donation Tokens will be locked for twelve months after
the crowdsale end date. After they are unlocked, the Donation Tokens can
be used by the foundations as follows:
A.	Support of development of blockchain and widespread integration.
B.	Support of research towards blockchain scalability and identity.
C.	Support of education efforts in blockchain technology.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

29

5. PROPY TOKEN (PRO)

5.8 COMPANY
15%, or 15 million of the total supply of PROs is intended to be reserved
for the company unders following conditions:
	 2 million Development Tokens will be immediately available for
use by the company;
	 5 million Development Tokens will be locked for 12 months from
the Crowdsale End Date;
	 5 million Development Tokens will be locked for 24 months from
the Crowdsale End Date;
	 3 million Development Tokens will be locked for 36 months after
the Crowdsale End Date.
Once unlocked, the company reserves the right to use the Development
Tokens for any purposes at its sole discretion. If Company elects to sell any
of the Development Tokens, the Company will sell such Tokens for a price
no less than the Price Per Token, and the company may elect to provide
Bonus Tokens to the purchasers of such Tokens, but the bonus rate will not
exceed 10%.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

30

6. CONCLUSION
Propys vision is to ultimately enable a global real estate market with a
unified real-time purchase interface and a decentralized title registry.
It is being designed to allow real estate assets to become more liquid
while providing users with greater control over the transaction process.
To achieve that goal, Propy intends to further the development of a
new ecosystem of token holders, brokers, governments and end users
incentivized to support the transition to a seamless, secure, and globally
recognized real estate transaction network.
Propy expects that if it succeeds in carrying out its vision the following
will occur:
	 It is anticipated that brokers and real estate corporations will
progressively start using the Propy platform to access foreign
buyers in an easier way and to be able close transactions nearly
instantly and securely online.
	 Governmental entities, notaries and title companies need a system
to transfer data among each other and combat fraud and, in some
cases, corruption in global real estate markets. Propy proposes
that governments could use the Propy platform to improve the
transparency of local real estate markets and therefore improved
attractiveness for foreign investors.
	 Finally, most importantly, the consumers  buyers and sellers 
will be able to buy and sell real estate assets faster, cheaper, and
more securely.

PROPY WHITE PAPER

31

Contents:
1. Synopsis
2. Goal
3. Objectives and visions
4. Project structure
5. Organizations
6. Token
7. Short description of the game:
Goal
Gold
Players account
Worker
Game world
Land parcel
Raw materials
Technology
Material
Building
Product
Alliance
Joint commercial organization
Bank
Store
Transport
Railway
Game processes
8. Assets, their characteristics, and cooperation with game
9. Development and plans for the future
10. Team
11. Conclusion

3
4
4
5
6
6
7
7
7
8
8
9
9
9
10
10
11
11
13
13
13
13
13
13
14
14
18
20
21

The given document is not final and can be edited

Synopsis
Prospectors is the first of its kind economic, multi-player, real-time strategy with real
trading and economic relations. Game events happen in a virtual world that resembles Earth in
the middle of the 19th century, in the epoch of the initial capital formation.
News has spread about rich gold-fields in the uninhabited northern lands. It has intrigued
a huge number of adventurers in search of fast personal gain. Caravans of gold miners are
headed northwards, taking their families with them and leaving their homes abandoned. Gold
dealers, moneylenders, traders, and various gentlemen of fortune are making their way.
However, it turns out that there are not many land parcels with significant gold deposits,
so not every prospector will be able to stake a rich claim. One can grow rich, however, not only
by sifting gravel for gold or finding a goldmine. The north is a land of unlimited opportunities,
covered by thick forests and earth, full of iron and coal.
Besides, one should not forget that miners need tools, which must be produced and sold
to them. From the temporary mining colonies, big towns will grow with time, and they will need
capable hands to build and develop them. Thus, there is a big need for a workforce in the
game. Everyone can find work to his liking: work in the mines, at construction, felling the trees,
or starting industrial development, including the processing of raw materials or manufacturing
tools and transport.
The thing that starts as a gold rush should grow into complex trade and economic
relations with time, so players who have skills in finance and accounting will also be able to
realize their potential.

https://prospectors.io

3

Goal
To create an alternative reality in the form of the blockchain-based economic
strategy with game-time monetization.

Objectives
The primary task before our team is creating a Massive Multiplayer
Online Real- Time Economic Strategy (MMORTES) that will use a game
crypto-currency. The distinguishing characteristic of Prospectors,
which is absent in any other existing online game, will be the
possibility of monetizing the time spent in the game. In other words,
players will be able to not only enjoy the game but also to earn
from it, as well. One will be able to convert the gold made in the
game into real money.
The Prospectors game world will be based on the actual
economic model of the second part of the 19th and early 20th
centuries. To implement the real economic processes and
plausible financial models, our team consulted the leading
experts in the field.
We plan to launch the web version of the game platform and
the mobile apps for Android/iPhone, which will provide the players
with the access to the game anywhere, anytime.

https://prospectors.io

4

Project Structure
The contract will create gold tokens220 million coins in total. This number is not
accidental; it is the approximate amount of all the gold on Earth, which also includes the
unextracted gold. All tokens will be sent to the Fund of New Lots.
The Fund of New Lots is a fund where the gold, hidden in the games land parcels, will be
stored. 33% of the fund balance will be provided to the game server and randomly
distributed among the lots in the game.
Later on, additional game servers will be created, and, correspondingly, the gold will be
provided to them also. The possibility of server cooperation will be created, as well.
The players can extract the gold. With the help of multiple game assets (created personally
or by other players) and workers on the land lots, a player will be able to mine gold. For
registration and further usage, a player will be charged a fee that goes to the State.
The State is a Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO), where the members of
Council are the gold owners. The State has a budget; the Council has the right to influence
its formation and usage. Players taxes fill the budget, and afterward it is distributed
between the following funds: Fund of New Lots, Fund of Development and Expenses,
Fund of Rewards for Voting, and Fund of Destruction.

https://prospectors.io

5

Organizations
Players can unite within the organization. When there is consensus among players,
the game will create an organization that will belong to the players. Through voting and
consensus, players will be able to choose, and afterward change (if necessary) the
management of the organization. They will also provide the management with certain
authorities and some amount of gold. The organization can operate this amount in the game
and divide it as income between the members according to their shares.

Token
Gold (PGL) is a token and also the main currency of the game, necessary for
interaction between players; it can only be earned in the game. The amount of gold is limited
to 220 million coins.
Half of the gold, 110 million of all tokens, is put into the game and can be extracted in
parts.

https://prospectors.io

6

60 million PGL have been allocated to the crowdfunding campaign; another 50 million PGL
tokens have been allocated to the team of developers, pre-sale, and the Bounty program.
The tokens allocated to the team of developers will be frozen for five periods20% in half
a year and the other 80% in four years (20% per year). All the tokens that were unsold
during the crowdfunding campaign will be sent to the fund of the game.
Token-holders will influence the regulation of token inflation, as they will be able to set
tariffs for the range of goods and services from the State, thus providing a balance. Also,
the bulk of tokens collected from the players by the State as a tax will be burnt.

Short Description of the Game
Goal
Get as much gold as possible, which will require different game assets and workforces.
Gold
Gold (PGL) is the main game currency, which serves as a tool for financial relations in the
game.
Whenever a worker extracts gold from a plot, the complexity of extraction increases. With
each subsequent effort, the amount of gold extracted decreases until full depletion of the
field. To increase the extraction of gold, the player must interact with game technologies
that are specially provided for this purpose.
In the game, gold will be needed for improvement of the account, remuneration of outside
workers, trade, and payment of State fees. If the player wants to develop faster, he will
need gold.

https://prospectors.io

7

Players Account
Every player has three workers with some initially specified skills. They can be sent to
work on the players lot, for example, washing gold. Or a player can offer the workers
services (according to his skills) to anyone willing to hire them, or he can attend a labor
exchange, where he can hire additional workers.
A player has a right to stake any claim, anywhere, and with any aim (if this claim is free). 
A player can sell, exchange, or grant any of his own movable and immovable properties to
any other player. To facilitate selling and buying of properties, exchanges will be created.

Worker
A worker resides on the lot. Any workers movements on the map take some time.
Accordingly, the bigger is the distance, the longer it takes.

A worker has:
1. The speed of movement
2. The speed of work.
3. Stamina (the maximal time of work without rest)
n addition, a worker will receive the record of
service (for the time spent for work, a player will
receive certain points). The charged points can be
distributed of the players own accord. A player
can develop two approaches in parallel:
developing knowledge (needed for fulfilling certain
work) and a directly influencing a workers
performance (the speed of movement and
work, the stamina and capacity).

https://prospectors.io

8

Game World
Everything in this world of alternative reality is situated on the map. Every player
can view everything that is happening there: who registers which new lots, what is being
built, etc. In addition, the map can show the location of visible raw materials (wood,
water, clay, and stone).
One can also choose a free lot for registration or check what belongs to whom on the
map.

Land Parcel
Everything that is located on a parcel is a property of that parcel. If nobody owns a
parcel, then everything on it is correspondingly common and can be taken by anyone.
Any player can stake a claim on the map (if a lot is free) and use it as he wishes by virtue
of rental and tax payments. In the case of non-payment, a lot can be restricted (all works
on the lot are forbidden), and sanctions can be imposed. And in the case of failure to pay
the penalty, the lot will be confiscated. (It lapses to the government if the penalty is equal
to the approximate value of the lot and all the immovable property on it) and will be sold
on the real estate exchange.
One can construct a building on a lot and work in various approaches according to the
tenants wish and the technology available.

Raw materials are situated on the lot. If one has the right to the land, he automatically
has the right to extract raw materials. In addition, raw materials can be processed for
further usage in other branches of industry.

https://prospectors.io

9

At the moment, the following kinds of raw materials are known, divided into visible and
invisible:
Visible:


wood



stone



clay



water

Invisible:


gold



ironstone



coal

Fields of work:


Extraction



Building



Production



Commerce

Technology  is knowledge that a worker can possess to fulfill a particular work. A
worker must possess certain skills to fulfill some kind of work. Some knowledge is built-in
by the system, and everything else a player can choose at the beginning of the game.
During the game, a player will be able to additionally develop his workers.

Material is a product of the treatment and processing of raw materials needed to
construct buildings and make products. The processing is carried out in particular buildings
with the use of the workers labor.

https://prospectors.io

10

Buildings  can be built only on a land lot that has a required size and is possessed by
a player himself. Every building has a certain size. Buildings can be divided into several
types: extraction, processing, production, etc. To carry out building works, the workers
must possess builders skills. They need a diploma, which can be received in the Academy
(from the State). Players must have a project for the building they want to erect.

Products are the result of the workers labor, produced in a particular building of certain
materials. A product allows a worker to fulfill a certain type of work or to work more
efficiently.

https://prospectors.io

11

PRODUCT MANUFACTURING

https://prospectors.io

12

Alliances

 are associations of people, united by some conditions for ommunication,

acquaintance, or further creation of commercial organizations.
There are two types of alliances:
Closed  entry only by invitation
Open  free entry.

Joint Commercial Organizations are organizations that belongs to several
players. They can have a head, gold, and any other movable and immovable properties.
They can hire workers, rent land lots, erect buildings, etc


The management is chosen by voting.



The creation of organizations happens by achieving consensus among players.



The income of organizations will be divided between the players according to the
percentage of gold (or other property) contributed to the organization.

Banks are buildings (technology) that can be owned by players or organizations. Banks
can provide loans (with or without the security of any property), take deposits, and pay
interest to depositors.

Stores are buildings (technology) that can be owned by players or organizations. The
owner can sell implements or raw materials from his lot. The price of the wares will be set
by the store owner himself.

Transport
For the effective movement of materials through the map, transport is needed.


Hand-barrows can carry a few materials or anything else.



Carts can carry larger amounts of materials or anything else.



A big cart can carry plenty of materials or anything else.

The transport concept can be improved or changed.

Railways are a kind of transport that can convey great amounts of materials or
anything else at very high speed. The only drawback of this kind of transportation is that
a railway can deliver wares only to the railway stations. However, for the long distance
transportation, it is very profitable and economically effective.

https://prospectors.io

13

A railway consists of:


land parcel



Rail





ties



rail-track

Locomotive

Cars


Rail cars



Coaches

A train burns coal to move.

Game processes:


Gold mining



Building



Production of goods

Assets, their characteristics, and cooperation with
the Game

https://prospectors.io

14

Account
1. An account in the game can co-own several organizations.
2. It has:


Workers



rights to use a location

3. It can cooperate with another account:


hire workers from other accounts



offer the services of his workers to other

accounts


pass/sell/give something for rent



transfer the rights for location



enter an alliance



create an organization

Land (map section)
Rented lot:


Requires money for registration.



Requires constant taxation for usage.



Is protected by the State from thieves.



In the case of non-payment of taxes, the State makes an assessment of the
property located on the land and grants a reprieve in a form of credit, which must
be paid off by a certain time. If this doesnt happen, the State nationalizes the
property and sells it. The lot is then rented by a potential buyer.



At the moment of registration, all the property located on the lot goes to the
tenant-buyer.

Free lot:


Does not require fees and taxes.



Does not guarantee the safety of the things left on it.



Cannot have buildings.



Extraction can be carried out only by personal workers of the player.

https://prospectors.io

15

Additionally, a lot:


Has a certain size.



Can have resources.



Is used for building and/or extraction of resources.

Resources
Type:


Above-ground (The remaining resources and their locations are visible on the

map.)


Underground (The remaining resources are invisible, and one should carry out

investigations.)

Materials are the resources after the processing.
Immovables:
1. Types or buildings (according to their purpose):


Extraction



Production



Commerce

2. To erect a building:


Work force, knowledge, implements, and time are required.



Material is required.



Land lot is required.

Industry activities:
Extraction


Land with resources is required.



Work force, knowledge, implements or building, and time are required.

Production


Knowledge, resources/materials, work force, implements, and time are required.

Construction


Technology, work force, resources/materials/products, land lot, and time are

required

https://prospectors.io

16

Commerce


Possibility of selling or passing any object to any player.

Worker:


Is owned by account, cannot be sold. Everything that interacts with a worker

cannot be lost.


Can move through the map on his own or with transport



Operates products and implements



Has skills:


Skill  speed of going



Skill  stamina



Skill  capacity



Skill  speed of work

Product:


Is a part of technology



Has a purpose (fields of activities)



Time of usage



Efficiency



Speed



Weight



Capacity



Can be used together with certain other things.

State:


Is a governing body in the game



Acts as a guarantor of safety of the rented lots



Sets a price policy and sells technologies



Gathers land taxes

Diploma:


Is issued during the development of the worker



Is required to interact with industry activities

https://prospectors.io

17

Technology:


The technological processes of receiving, processing, treating, assembling, or
building, and their descriptions include a form of instructions, technical rules,
and requirements

Alliance:


The association of accounts with noncommercial purpose

Organization:


An account that can be accessed by several players



Doesnt have its own workers



Is governed by co-owners



Organization entry and walkout by separate players is defined by the coowners in mutually beneficial terms

https://prospectors.io

18

Development and plans for the future
The initial idea was to develop the server part of the game based on the Ethereum
platform, but today we understand that this is not economically expedient; also, this
platform is not fast enough to perform the intended tasks. It is unacceptable to require the
player to pay for each action in the game and then make him wait for this action. The
player should be able to play for free and enjoy the process as much as possible, so the
lions share of money will be allocated to such things as graphics, music, and interface.
At the first stage, we will develop a web client for the gaming platform and mobile apps for
Android and iOS. We also plan to use the Unity platform. The server part at this stage will
be centralized and will be developed in the GO programming language.
The second stage is migration of the server part of the game to a decentralized platform,
based on third-party technologies. As we look to the future implementation of these plans,
we consider several options such as:

IOTA

EOS

Bitshares

The selection of a decentralized platform will be decided later.

https://prospectors.io

19

Team

Andriy Maslievich

Nazar Chervinskiy

Max Karkach

Co-founder of Prospectors. A
leading developer and smartcontract developer. Co-founder of
Coinews - the magazine about
crypto-currencies and blockchain
technologies.

Co-founder and initial creator of
the Prospectors idea. Co-founder
of Coinews  the magazine about
crypto-currencies and blockchain
technologies.

Co-founder of Prospectors.
Developer. Designer and
illustrator.

Oksana Vasylytsya
Co-founder of Prospectors.
Expert in economics. Leading
developer of the games economic
model.

Taras Yeserskiy
Co-founder of Prospectors.
Author and chief editor of
Coinews - the magazine about
crypto- currencies and blockchain
technologies.

https://prospectors.io

Sergiy Chervinskiy
Co-founder of Prospectors.
Author and illustrator.

20

Conclusion
In the end, one should mention that our team devotes the biggest part of our time to
creating the economic model for the game balance supply. We use real instruments to calculate
the game assets, taking into account the number of materials used and time spent for their
creation. A team of developers uses real data and adapts them to the game. Our game is very
extensive, and not all of its aspects are covered in detail in this document. However, we clearly
understand the directions of development and the limits of our capacities.

https://prospectors.io

21

POLYBIUS PROSPECTUS
A Project of a Regulated Bank for the Digital Generaon

Table of contents
Polybius Prospectus table of contents
Introducon

1

What is Polybius?

2

ICO Structure

3

Polybius Milestones Plan

6

Polybius Bank and Payment Instuon Incremental Structure

7

Authorized Payment Instuon

8

Electronic Money Instuon

10

Commercial Bank

12

Digital Pass

14

Small and Medium Enterprise Financial Marketplace

17

Core Team

18

Regulaons

20

Appendix 1: Preliminary Organizaonal Chart and Key Enes

21

Introduction
Digitalizaon of our daily lives is now an undisputed phenomenon, which is here to stay.
According to studies made in 2015 and 2016, over 80% of developed countries populaon have
some access to the Internet. Furthermore, over 60% of European cizens own a smartphone. It
implies them being near constantly online.
With the world geng more connected, an increasing number of companies strive to oer their
services and soluons online. Finance, educaon, healthcare, commerce and leisure providers are
acvely moving towards digizaon in an aempt to serve the exisng and nd new customers
worldwide.
European Parliament, along with other regulatory authories across the globe are now acvely
outlining new rules and principles for e-services. The legal framework removes regulatory
uncertainty serving as a catalyst for the business migraon online. Weve undertaken a thorough
analysis of the latest trends including rules around eID, QES and Trustee services as well as the
Aggregaon of Payment Services within the scope of the PSD2. And this is where Polybius steps
in.
Polybius Foundation, a team of nancial, security, legal and technical experts is raising funds for
its project Polybius Bank. Our goal is to capitalize on the broader digitalizaon trend with a
parcular focus on:
1. Financial services which is at the core of all business interacons;
2. Digital ID and wallet concepts needed to serve as gateway to the eCommerce market.
With the success of the ICO, Polybius Bank will become a fully digital bank accessible everywhere
at any me. It will have all the funcons of a classical bank, but will not host any branches nor
physical front-oces and will rely fully on the latest digital technologies.
This will enable Polybius Bank to be among the least expensive banks to operate in the world, with
a very ecient cost/revenue rao and granng its backers with higher returns.
The Polybius Bank project is aimed to establish an online scalable nancial infrastructure for
businesses and individuals, provide electronic identy and trustee services across the EU, and
create a user authencaon and payment processing gateway for not only online merchants, but
also commercial, corporate and governmental services.
This prospectus covers business, technical and regulatory details of the project, our step-by-step
milestone plan and the technologies which will be developed as the basis of Polybius
infrastructure.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

1

What is Polybius?
While starng o as primarily a nancial instuon, the Polybius project is meant to grow into
your daily servicer and companion ecosystem. It will aim to enable secure and seamless
connecons between life and the things we love and use every day.
The key elements of Polybius ecosystem are the Polybius Foundation and the Digital Pass.
Polybius Foundaon is the subject fostering the Polybius Bank or Polybius Payment Instuon
(P.I.) at the start. Its customers will not only get access to a variety of nancial services, but will
likely be among the rst to get the PolyID that will plug them into the Digital Pass environment.
Digital Pass is an independent environment as a service, which will serve as a storage for
encrypted individual informaon. The security of access to the informaon will be enabled by SSL
cercates, dynamic PINs and, to some extent, by biometrical data. The security will be compliant
with the PSD2 RTS requirements issued by the EBA Authority on 23.02.2017.
Among other planned features are scoring and sensivity systems for credit and insurance
businesses, asset and currency trading systems, seed & VC investment tools, eID and Trust
services and other features described in this Prospectus.
Polybius is being designed as a highly scalable plaorm targeted at simplifying our daily lives.

PolyID prototype
The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

2

ICO structure
The Polybius Foundation is raising funds to support the establishment of the Polybius Bank or the
Polybius Payment Institution and to deliver the respecve technologies. For that reason, Polybius
Foundation is issuing Polybius Tokens (PLBT) through the smart contract system operated by
Ethereum (ref to Annex 1). The funds raised by the sale of tokens will be retained by the Polybius
Foundation unl they will be used.
Polybius Foundation is a public registered body with legal responsibilies and is subject to audits.
This will ensure the transparency of operaons and the secure custody of the funds.

Polybius Token symbol

Token name: PLBT Token - Polybius Prot-Share Smart Contract
A Polybius Token represents the right to receive a part of distributable prots of Polybius P.I. or
Polybius Bank. All tokens in aggregate will have the right to receive 20% of such prots.
The Tokens will be assigned pro-rata to the funds provided to the Polybius Foundation during the
ICO.
Payout Structure:
According to the Bylaws, at the end of a nancial year, 20%1 of distributable prot of Polybius
Payment Institution or Polybius Bank is transferred to the specic Ethereum (ETH) wallet. The ETH
is then redistributed to all holders of Polybius tokens according to smart contract condions (i.e.
the stake of prot is received pro-rata the share of tokens owned).
Token supply:
The total supply is not locked, as we will need to be able to add tokens before the end of sale and
revoke the unsold amount.
Inial Rate:
Price per token is locked on 10 USD per 1 Token.

1

May be adjusted in accordance with clause 18 Round A Conversion as outlined in the Terms and Conditions

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

3

ICO structure

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

4

ICO structure
Token Distribuon:
 Distributed to users - 93%;
 Founders - 5%;
 Bounes - 2%.
Bonuses:
 Day 1  25% token bonus;
 Day 2-7  20% token bonus;
 Week 2  15% token bonus;
 Week 3  10% token bonus;
 Week 4  5% token bonus;
 Week 5  0% token bonus.
Bounes:
 Facebook campaign  10.00% of bounty pool;
 Twier campaign  10.00% of bounty pool;
 Bitcointalk signature campaign  15.00% of bounty pool;
 Polybius thread support  10.00% of bounty pool;
 Bitcointalk translaon campaign  15.00 of bounty pool;
 Exclusive support  40.00% of bounty pool.

Bounes are provided aer the crowdsale ends. At the end of the crowdsale all sold tokens are
considered to be 93% of the total supply. The remaining 7% are then distributed among founders
and bounes receivers according to the informaon above.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

5

Milestone Plan
Polybius Milestone Plan
The road to creang a bank involves many dierent aspects, such as licenses, compliances,
technologies, consora and creavity.
Below you can see the milestone roadmap that covers the most signicant levels of nancial
acvity that we will be achieving with our ICO. Every step milestone is meant to be incremental to
the preceding one and to be implemented according to the market response to the proposals.
ICO proceeds are intended to be spent mainly, but not exclusively on acquision of licenses,
building out the systems, hiring the team and markeng.

At Polybius Bank or P.I., we will rely on a set of public and private licenses instrumental to comply
with many regulaons, exisng in the nancial eld. Among them are the public EMI and banking
licenses, the parcipaon in Card Schemes, the creaon of regulaon-compliant idencaon
mechanisms and other technical condions to meet.
Every milestone step is an advancement to a broader set of services at Polybius customers'
disposal. While our in-house Digital Pass service and technology will serve as a plaorm at the
core of the Polybius Bank or P.I., other features may be developed independently. During this
process, the ecosystem will be formed and Digital Pass will start its primary day-to-day
operaons.
As for the customer base, Polybius strategic partners will provide an inial base of users for the
Polybius Bank or P.I. disposal. We expect access to ca. 500000 users at incepon. This will give us
a strong base for growth and a quicker path to building revenues and to protability.
The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

6

Incremental Structure
Polybius Bank and Payment Instuon Incremental Structure

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

7

API
Authorized Payment Instuon

During the inial step for a viable Polybius operaon, a set of condions needs to be met. Among
the minimal requirements are licenses (small Electronic Money Instuon (sEMI) or Payment
Instuon (P.I.) licenses) and mechanisms to comply with the law and nancial regulaons (such
as Know Your Customer (KYC), An Money Laundering (AML), Combang Financing of Terrorism
(CFT), etc).
At this step, instead of the sEMI license, we, at Polybius, aim to apply for a license for the Polybius
Authorized Payment Instuon (A.P.I.) for the sake of lowering the inial investment
requirement. A.P.I. license is required to store clients money and organize payment processes.
The me required to acquire the license is 3-9 months.
At this milestone, Polybius Payment Institution, or Polybius A.P.I., will be legally considered a
non-banking nancial instuon (NBFI-ND) and will not take deposits unl acquision of the
banking license.
SWIFT membership is also required as one of the key elements for banking procedures. Joining
the SWIFT network enables a bank to receive a Business Idener Code (BIC), and to be able to
communicate with other nancial organizaons via SWIFT messages for electronic money
transacons. It may take up to 3 months for the applicaon to pass through.
Polybius Payment Institution will adhere to the EPC Rulebooks to use them in the European
payment and messaging network for the Euro zone. The EPC Rulebooks dene principles of
money transfer in Euro according to the European Union Regulatory Framework. The me
required to join and to operate the EPC Rulebook network is expected to be 6 months.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

8

API
Compliance with specic rules, laws and regulaons is of uer importance in banking
environment. A banking instuon is obliged to set and follow high standards of operaons in
order to protect its stakeholders. Besides that, the reputaon of a bank can also be severely
damaged by poor processes including KYC and AML/CFT techniques and soware. We will use
exisng tested technologies to comply with the standards and the requirements.
In KYC, for example, modern banks are sll playing by old rules due to the sensive nature of the
procedure importance. Up unl now, most KYC and AML procedures require front-oce presence
of a customer. While automac biometric devices sll have to prove their acceptability, eciency
and security in fully digital banking, players like SEB are evaluang opons of using Skype for
customer vericaon.
P2P loans are a new model in credit systems, which allow organizaons to establish a plaorm
that links those looking for loans with those looking for small investments and prot. Such
systems are a great way for nancial instuons that match the lenders with the borrowers to
generate a capital-ecient, credit risk free revenue stream on processing (e.g. plaorm
maintenance, customer due diligence, scoring). We see a parcular opportunity in cross-border
P2P lending while most of todays plaorms are locked into a single jurisdicon.
According to researches done by Deloitte, the Compound Average Growth Rate (CAGR) of the
market is over 104% in the period from 2011 to 2015, with almost double the growth during the
period from 2014 to 2015. Studies also suggest that by 2021 the total P2P loan market will be over
$500 billion, with European marking being over $35 billion.
However, as all traction is to be created by customers, Polybius aims to set high standards to
ensure the security of the procedure and comfort of all parties involved. This means that our P2P
loan platform may also adopt scoring and convenient authentication mechanisms to make the
bid/oer phase transparent and trustworthy, as well as being competitive and compliant with the
regulations.
Investment features for Polybius Payment Institution customers will include creang investment
porolios, managed by a Polybius strategic partner company.
The porolios are meant to be an investment product with a customizable risk/liquidity proles.
The role of Polybius P.I. will likely be limited to a referral and funds transfer payment agent to the
said strategic partner.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

9

EMI
Electronic Money Instuon

Upon reaching our second milestone, Polybius will be eligible to qualify for a broader range of
instruments that will increase the nancial services oered reaching more sophiscated and
funconal banking. At this stage, Polybius complete Electronic Money Instuon (EMI) license
will allow us to issue electronic money  something we would not be able to do with a limited P.I.
license.
According to the article 2.2 from directive 2009/110/EC of the European Parliament and Council,
electronic money means electronically, including magnetically, stored monetary value as
represented by a claim on the issuer which is issued on receipt of funds for the purpose of making
payment transactions [], and which is accepted by a natural or legal person other than the
electronic money issuer.
In XIX century, gold was used as money. In XX century, we moved on to cash for both historical and
praccal reasons. In XXI, money went digital, and it was rare to meet a person with a bank account
not holding a debit card. For a bank to have the right to issue cards, it must either apply for a card
scheme membership (like MasterCard, Visa or American Express), or join an already exisng
member of a scheme, namely BIN Principal Member A BIN Principal Member will issue the cards
for Polybius and will be communicang with schemes on our behalf, taking fees for processing.
Not only do bank clients need to send money, but they also need to receive it, whether to their
personal or corporate accounts. A BIN Principal Member is also responsible for money acquiring,
creang a seamless both-end payment transacon service. It may be required to have a
prefunding account on the side of a BIN Principal Member and it might take up to 6 months for
negoaons and nal agreement.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

10

EMI
At this milestone, Polybius Payment Institution will likely implement currency exchange services,
allowing corporate customers to keep a variety of currencies inside a single bank account,
exchanging them at their discreon and making payments with less spending and volality risks.
The deployment of the exchange may take up to 3 months.
By being in the middle of an online nancial transacon we expect to gather a lot of insight into
consumer's behavioural paern as well as income and liability prole. This will drive our scoring
models allowing to oer loans. We expect these loans to be extended predominantly to nance
purchases from online merchants we'll be working with. This will enhance the value of the membership of PolybiusDigital Pass biosphere through driving the sales for our merchants and
providing a dierenated oering for the consumers. Last but not least, it will also be benecial
to Polybius as we will maximize our return on investment by supplemenng interest income with
the consequenal transacon revenues.
Similarly to our consumers, we would like to be in a posion to oer nancing to our merchants.
This will most likely take the shape of working capital nancing whereby we could either (a)
nance their stock or (b) allow them to provide consumer nancing by extending them a loan to
bridge a receivable. Parcularly in the case of receivable nancing, our deal appete will likely be
driven by the credit scoring as well as the merchant's trade volume through Polybius. Such posive reinforcement will encourage the transacons through our plaorm and drive value for all
Polybius stakeholders.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

11

Commercial Bank

The strategy upon reaching this milestone greatly advances, and so do Polybius ambions and
requirements. At this stage, Polybius will be eligible to reach the potenal of a fully funconal
bank with a complete set of features. Along with classical banking services, Polybius Bank will
deliver applicaons and instruments required in the market. Our aim is to provide Banking as a
Service, more commonly known as BaaS.
But before the development of APIs, Polybius may apply for a card scheme (Visa/MasterCard)
Principal Member License. With such membership, no BIN sponsors would be required for card
issuing, simplifying the card payment processing and reducing the costs. The licenses allow card
issuing in all European countries. It may take up to 6 months to receive the membership.
At the same me, Polybius will rally to become a bank, applying for an all-inclusive banking
license. This is one of the most serious licenses and requires Polybius to undergo many lengthy
audit sessions. The process may take up to 2 years, but as a result Polybius will be authorized to
provide deposit services, issue debit and credit cards and oer savings accounts (e.g. rerement
savings).
The digitalizaon of commerce is the ulmate requirement for modern merchants to stay
compeve across the market. This, however, makes the merchants dependent on third party
payment service providers to issue the services and the infrastructure for payment iniaon and
account informaon services. The oering of a classical bank is oen regarded as limited and
inexible. We therefore see a signicant opportunity to gain strong market share across electronic
merchants by oering a nimble soluon.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

12

Commercial Bank
With the PSD2 in place, banks will have to adapt and oer just the specic services required for
e-Commerce, as well as provide tools for TPPs which will come with help of new direcves. The
mission of Polybius Bank is to not only provide the Account Servicing Payment Service Provider
(ASPSP) services on an open plaorm for merchants, but to also make sure that the
implementaon and integraon of such services comes seamlessly through the role of Polybius as
a TPP, i.e. Account Informaon Service Provider (AISP) and Payment Iniaon Service Provider
(PISP) plaorms in the frame of the PSD2.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

13

Digital Pass
The infrastructure of Polybius Bank project will rely on reputable exisng core soluons along
with technologies meant to digize and automate operaons and communicaon.
Digital Pass, the product of our development, is a standalone technology and service aimed to
standardize system-to-system communicaon, and enable trust through the integrity of records.
It is designed to facilitate individuals and businesses to get access to, and to keep encrypted
personal & corporate data in a privately accessible decentralized ledger. The data will later be
used in a secure, open and non-discriminatory manner to increase the scope of Polybius Bank or
P.I. procedures, as well as to build an ecosystem for businesses in strict accordance to regulaons
issued by the European Parliament and outlined by the European Commission.
Digital Pass employs the experience of the trusted and eld-tested Estonian e-Residency
idencaon system and its uses. The main principles of security, adaptaon and potenal
appliance are outlined below:
Protecon of personal data
The rst and most important aspect of Digital Pass features is related to the processing and
storage of data referable to the personal idencaon (sensive), as well as anonymous and
pseudonymous informaon. The classicaon, storage, analysis, processing and accessibility of
data will be compliant to the direcves set by European Commission, i.e. the General Data
Protecon Regulaon (GDPR) and others.
Decentralised Ledger Technologies
Due to the crical importance of informaon security, the data requires an undeniable, highly
secure and redundant storage environment that will also allow private access to and exchange of
informaon between Polybius Bank or P.I., its customers, trusted enes and law organisaons.
Being compliant with the European Union direcves and regulaons, Emer blockchain technology
will be adopted as a basis for further development. Among its key features, Emer oers mul-level
permission-based access to data via SSL cercates. Enes and organizaons using the trusted
environment may include, but are not limited to: nancial, health and government instuons
along with trust-businesses. The access to data entered and retained in the trusted environment
will be provided on the individuals discreon or by a request from legal authories.
While the Emer blockchain stays as a trustable environment for data storage and access to
services and entries is covered by independent soware soluons (such as the Authorizer), there
are other DLTs (such as the Tangle) that are designed to allow an ecient transfer of low batches
of data. This is a tool useful in processing data generated or required by small IoT devices.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

14

Digital Pass
Internet of Things
With the expansion of smart devices, smart cars and smart houses, more types of transacons
will eventually appear. For the IoT to funcon seamlessly, specic standards of micropayment
processing and message delivery have to be adopted for convenient M2M communicaons and
billing.
While not being a focus area at the earliest stages of development, the potenal and the
requirements of the eld is the reason to keep it in mind. As the technology starts to gain mass
recognion and adopon, Polybius Bank or P.I. will look forward to develop and provide
instrumental payment services based, or employing currently exisng soluons.
Big Data
Digital Pass is designed to collect and store a handful of data, which will be used to enable
individuals and enes to receive both high quality services and informaon about the Market in
general. The informaon may be anonymously collected by trusted, licensed and regulated
enes and then processed, providing regional data regarding the requirements of local industry.
The data may also be used for the development of new procedures or services required in
dierent areas of human life. Due to the sensive nature of the data stored in Digital Pass, such
analysis will be done in the strictest regulatory condence and in full compliance with European
regulaons.
Applied AI
Although in its infancy, arcial intelligence is already used as a tool of data analysis. Weak AI or
Narrow AI is complex combinaon of algorithms able to analyze big clusters of data and give
"answers" accordingly to preset logic. In nancial environment, such tool is used in scoring and
sensivity systems. To remove any chance of private selshness in the processing of sensive
informaon, and to increase trust between customers, trusted enes and Digital Pass, it is
crucial to ensure the correct usage of data. Along with the development of Polybius Bank or P.I.
and related services, the overall capacity, operaonal speed and costs will be improved with the
implementaon of applied AI soluons within the Digital Pass and other funconal features.
For backers and Polybius Bank
The real value of Digital Pass lies not only within its design principles, but also within the scope of
recent regulaons set forth in the European Union to advance the European Single Market.
By following the latest regulaons, nancial instuons and merchants will require secure digital
idencaon, authencaon and authorizaon tools to provide their customers an entry point in
the Digital Single Market.
Digital Pass is the soluon to sasfy compliance with the eIDAS Regulaon and may generate
revenue on its related services, e.g. data processing and analysis. Our inial goal is to create a
single cross-European credit scoring system together with our strategic partners who are among
the leaders in the credit industry in Europe. Those enes interested in using the features and
tools provided by Digital Pass will be subject to royalty and maintenance fees as to ensure the
validity and connuity of the service as well as protability.
The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

15

Digital Pass
Basic technical principles of operaon:
Digital Pass combines user SSL cercates, blockchain-based infocards and a widely acceptable
OAuth2 technology. Current methodology of registraon is the following:
1. User creates an infocard with private informaon (name, address, contact details), encrypts
it and sends it over to the ledger;
2. User generates a SSL cercate including the infocard data, sends the info to ledger and adds
the *.p12 le to the browser;
3. User authorizes on the Digital Pass website using a cercate in the dashboard. User can also
use other means of authorizaon such as an ID card, a bank or a governmental services website.
If the infocard data corresponds to data from other sources, the user is considered valid. In any
other case the data is veried by a moderator. This is a way to connect a user cercate with
real user data;
4. Implementaon of Digital Pass into websites (banks, exchanges, merchants, etc) is done via
the standard OAuth2 protocol.
An illustrative use case example for a credit organization (CO):
1. User presses "authorize via Digital Pass" on a CO website;
2. The CO website redirects the user to Digital Pass website, where it authorizes using own SSL
cercate, receiving a User Authorizaon Token;
3. By a following Digital Pass request, a CO website receives user's infocard data along with
vericaon data, for example:
{verified=true;verified_type:id_card}
4. Next, a CO provides a loan to a user, informing Digital Pass without disclosing any of the user's
PII.
5. Digital Pass publishes a blockchain entry with such parameters as:
name:
value:

credit_info:SSL-id
credit_org
=
"Credit Organisation Name"
credit_summ =
"Loan amount"
credit_expiration = "Loan expiration date"

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

16

Financial Marketplace
Small and Medium Enterprise Financial Marketplace
The Financial Marketplace will be the environment for ntech companies and nancial experts to
present and provide the services and technologies as the product of their experse and development. There is a reason for such soluons to be in high demand - many small and medium enterprises oen require addional tools for their business to be successful and convenient, and the
market will be especially ready for such tools in the scope of the PSD2. Venture capital, seed and
angel investors also require plaorms for their daily operaons, so with the development of the
Digital Pass analysis & scoring technologies accompanied by ntech soluons we foresee the
employment of such plaorms and instruments in the marketplace as well.
The tools will vary by purpose and mechanics, ranging from tradional single market analysis
instruments to cung-edge nancial aggregaon plaorms for loan, brokerage, insurance and
investment needs.
e-Commerce & m-Commerce services along with online merchants have to rely on third party
processors to cover their money remiance, compliance or logiscs requirements. Polybius
Financial Marketplace will be designed to connect the developers and the consumers of such
technologies.
Decentralized Autonomous Organisaons or DAOs can be considered a new tool for Venture Capital investors as it provides secure funding mechanics using smart DLT contracts.
Same mechanisms of smart contracts and DAO tokens can also be employed in development of
smart crowdfunding plaorms. The Inial Coin Oering (ICO) itself is an example of a tool for the
Polybius Financial Marketplace.
With data collected in Digital Pass and analysed by third party scoring and sensivity systems, the
marketplace will aract insurance companies, credit agencies and those willing to provide access
to their informaon. We believe that companies working with nancial risks would benet from
having a greater data input and therefore a beer analycal output due to higher scoring precision. For the customers, it will mean that such services will be able to provide lower-than-usual
prices for services to compliment the readiness of individuals to share their data and ensure the
nancial and operaonal safety.
Foreign exchange can be more than just a tool for internaonal money remiance  it can become
a trading plaorm. Corporate and individual brokers will be able to provide their services or technologies within the marketplace, while big and medium investors will access the database of
startups and established companies in need of venture capital.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

17

Core Team
The Polybius project is driven by a number of expert groups of with common vision. Below is a list
of the core day-to-day team at this stage. These are acvely involved in the key strategic decisions,
project planning and development. The team is regularly drawing on the experse of the deep
bench of the advisors aliated with the project.
Addional tech and nance professionals have commied to join the project upon ICO closing.
They are not yet acvely involved nor listed below due to their arrangements with current
employers and conicts of interest.
Sergei Potapenko
Polybius vision and inspiraon
CEO and co-founder, HashCoins O
Sergei is a seasoned execuve with a rich team building and leadership experience. Out of his 11
year work experience, he had spent 4 working with Blockchain technologies and over 7 years in
managing posions across several internaonal trading enterprises. With main focus on
engineering and business administraon, Sergei has a deep percepon and understanding of the
direcons of modern technological development and capabilies.
Sergei is a pragmac professional driving the project execuon, making the Polybius vision a
reality.
Ivan Zahharenko, MBA
Polybius nancial products
Independent nancial advisor
Ivan has 10 years of nance industry experience, having worked with both corporate and private
clients within Swedbank and Citadelbank. He has held the posions of Corporate Business
Development Director at Expobank AS, Senior Private Banker at Balkums Banks and Private
banker at Parex Bank. Ivan excels in partner relaons and also holds an MBA in economics. His
clients have praised him for his ability to make quick and raonal decisions, priorising on the
delivery.
Ivan Turygin
Polybius Business Development
Chairman of the Board, HashCoins O
With a decade of internaonal entrepreneurship experience and several successful businesses
across the EU, Ivan is responsible for connual acvies of the companies and its projects. He
studied Manufacturing Technology and Finance, Banking & Business Administraon at the Tallinn
University of Technology. This ulmately led him to invesng in Tech projects, among which is
HashFlare and Polybius.
The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

18

Core Team

Nikolay Pavlovskiy
Polybius Technology
CTO, HashCoins O
Nikolay is a physicist by background. He had spent the rst ve years of his professional career
working at Fakel construcon bureau in Kaliningrad as a research engineer. He relocated to
Estonia in 2010 and joined HashCoins in 2014. Aside from his CTO responsibilies at HashCoins,
he is one of the drivers behind Emercoin advancement team.
Vitali Pavlov
Polybius DigitalPass Lead
Chief Product Ocer, HashCoins O
Vitali has a background in cybernecs and compung, holding a masters degree from Tallinn
Technical University. Hes held a variety of posions in tech companies, most recently the CEO of
DonateIT before joining HashCoins. Vitali is also one of the founding members of The Estonian
Cryptomoney Union, a non-prot organizaon focusing on popularizing cryptocurrency and
related technology.
Edgar Bers
Polybius Communicaon
Product Development & Communications, HashCoins O
Edgars educaonal background spans across linguiscs and psychology. His most recent
professional background, before joining HashCoins, was in Distribuon Management at Top
Connect, telecom soluon provider. Edgar is an avid blockchain and cryptocurrency enthusiast, he
has presented at a numerous technological conferences and other public forums.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

19

Regulations
Due to the sensive nature of banking business and PII processing, here is the (indicave,
non-exhausve) list of standards, regulaons and legislaons we will to comply with:
1. ISO/IEC 27000 family of standards  denes requirements for PII storage, processing and
distribuon. More details can be found on the ocial website of the organisaon;
2. GDPR  the General Data Processing Regulaon species the core principles of working with
the PII. The full descripon of the direcve can be found on the ocial website, while a shorter
version can be reviewed here. The most recent publicaon by the European Commission can be
found here;
3. eIDAS  a set of standards for eID and Trust Services for electronic transacons in the
European Single Market. The informaon regarding specicaons are published on the ocial
website of the European Commission;
4. ISO 20022  a standard of communicaon and messaging between nancial enes. Its
purpose is to reduce "misunderstanding" in general terms by creang a unied diconary for
businesses. For more informaon, visit the ocial website of SWIFT or the ocial website of
the ISO itself;
5. PSD 1 & PSD 2  the direcves that are set by the European Commission to regulate payment
services within the European Union. These direcves, among other things, are meant to
improve security and customer protecon and can be viewed in greater detail on the ocial
website of the European Commission;
6. SEPA regulations  meant to set an outline of rules and condions for cashless payment
within the EU, has its legal basis outlined in PSD 1. More informaon can be reviewed on the
ocial website;
7. AML/CFT legislation  a list of principles meant for or An-Money Laundering and
Countering the Financing of Terrorism. More informaon about specic regulaons is available
here and here, while other informaon can be found on the ocial website of the European
Banking Authority.
It is also important to keep in mind that most direcves are applicable for the EU zone only. During
the company's expansion period, appropriate regulaons will also be met accordingly to
jurisdicons.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

20

Appendix 1
Appendix 1: Preliminary Organizaonal Chart and Key Enes

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

21

Appendix 1
Polybius Foundation is a nancial company, established in 2017 and registered in Estonia with the
main oce located in Tallinn, Estonia.
The main focus area of the Foundaon is outlining and execung the projects behind or related to
the Polybius infrastructure; selling Polybius Tokens to cover Polybius products; execuon of
PolyTrust Trustee services; product development of the PolyID plaorm and promoon of
Polybius Bank project.
Polybius Foundation will be the trustee promoter and holder of licenses for Polybius Bank,
PolyTrust, and PolyID, and is legally accountable for PolyTrust trustee services.
Polybius Token or PLBT is a prot-share smart contract. The token is issued within an eToken
contract and is wrien using Solidity programming language by Ambisafe company. The system
architecture is outlined in a dedicated document.
PolyID  has (or will have) the opon of being an eIDAS compliant funcon, as an eID Scheme
authorised as a valid European eID and owned by Polybius Foundaon. PolyID funcon is to
authencate individuals as valid customers of Polybius Bank or P.I. and to provide access as users
of the Digital Pass and PolyTrust services.
PolyTrust  eIDAS compliant Trustee Service acng on behalf of customers authencated by the
PolyID eIDAS compliant funcon, allowing access and storage of crical data (such as related to
nance or health). PolyTrust is owned by Polybius Foundaon.
HashCoins O is an IT company, registered and established in 2013 in Estonia headquartered in
Tallinn. The main focus areas of the company are development of authencaon and security
systems; creaon of decentralised and distributed ledger (DLT) soluons; and provision of cloud
compung services.
HashCoins O will inially be the servicer and the provider of cloud and DLT storage, security,
servicing and redundancy soluons for Polybius infrastructure including the Digital Pass services.
Digital Pass is the codename for an environment encompassing Polybius eIDAS compable
idencaon and authencaon of its users and authorizaon of payment and other services
implemented into the service proposals of Polybius Bank or P.I.

The tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securies Act of 1933, as amended (the Securies
Act), and may not be oered or sold in the United States or to or for the benet of US persons (as dened in Regulaon S under
the Securies Act) unless they are so registered, or an exempon from the registraon requirements of the Securies Act is
available. One such exempon allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by
investors who (i) are not otherwise aliated with the Polybius Foundaon, (ii) have been exposed for some me to the economic
risks that ownership of tokens entails, and (iii) are not part of the distribuon of the tokens.

Polybius Prospectus

22

Polybius Foundaon OU
Company number 14202836
Tartu mnt 43, Tallinn, 10128, Estonia
Email: info@polybius.io

Phone: +372 58 738 066

Rivetz Intl.
A wholly owned subsidiary of Rivetz Corp.
White Paper

June 29 th, 2017

Ver 1.02

Cybersecurity for decentralized systems

Prepared by:
The Rivetz Team

Thanks to
The global communities of trusted computing and blockchain who have provided the foundations for our
work.

NOTE: This white paper is a work in progress and defines the intent of the company to develop and market
certain capabilities for the product. The implementations of these technologies are built on new models
for computer science and security, and it is expected that significant changes will be continually required
to meet evolving requirements.

Contents
Executive Summary ....................................................................................................................................... 4
Rivetz Background ......................................................................................................................................... 6
The Problem .................................................................................................................................................. 8
Cybersecurity is failing in a mobile and distributed world ......................................................................... 8
Regulatory Compliance.............................................................................................................................. 8
Internet of Things ...................................................................................................................................... 9
The Global Attestation and Identity Network powered by the RvT ............................................................. 10
Rivetz Global Attestation and Identity Network ...................................................................................... 10
Architecture ................................................................................................................................................ 11
Attestation is a core capability of the service .......................................................................................... 11
A simple process provides a powerful solution: ...................................................................................... 11
The protection model with TEE ........................................................................................................... 11
Putting Tokens and RvT on the device ................................................................................................ 11
There are three different phases of operation .................................................................................... 11
The Second Phase  Verifying cybersecurity controls ......................................................................... 13
The Third Phase  Proving the state of the device for a competed transaction .................................. 14
Enterprise/ Individual Ownership of a RvT will generate transactions: ................................................... 14
OEM Ownership of a RvT will generate transactions: ............................................................................. 15
Service Provider ownership of a RvT will generate transactions: ............................................................ 15
Cyber checkpoint operators will generate transactions: ......................................................................... 15
Building a future of utility micro-payments for devices .......................................................................... 15
The application of the Rivetz solution ......................................................................................................... 16
Multi-factor authentication with provable cybersecurity controls .......................................................... 16
Assured transaction Instructions for e-commerce transactions .............................................................. 16
Assured instructions for online and offline cryptocurrency wallets ........................................................ 16
Token project protection of client private keys and process ................................................................... 16
Machine multisig ..................................................................................................................................... 17
A global market for the services powered by RvT tokens.............................................................................. 18
Putting RvT to work  the next 6 months .................................................................................................... 21
The business model for security .................................................................................................................. 22
The Cybercontrols Marketplace .......................................................................................................... 22

2

Property of Rivetz Intl.

The Global attestation and Identity network ...................................................................................... 22
The Cybersecurity controller ............................................................................................................... 22
The application provider ..................................................................................................................... 22
First generation RvT use ...................................................................................................................... 23
The use of promotional RvT tokens ............................................................................................................. 24
Detailed use cases ....................................................................................................................................... 25
Two-factor Authentication with Cybercontrols ....................................................................................... 25
Machine Multisig with Integrated Cybersecurity Controls ...................................................................... 26
Appendix 1. Token sale model ..................................................................................................................... 27
Appendix 2 Trusted computing and attestation .......................................................................................... 28
Appendix 3 Blockchain a general description .............................................................................................. 32
Appendix 4 About Rivetz ............................................................................................................................. 33
Rivetz Corporation................................................................................................................................... 33

Revision History
1.0
1.01
1.02

First Version published
Minor revisions
Minor revision

3

Property of Rivetz Intl.

Executive Summary
Rivetz is building a Global Attestation and Identity Network, powered by the Rivetz Token (RvT), in order
to improve the security of the devices on which we rely. Cybersecurity Ventures anticipates that
cybersecurity damages will total more than $6 trillion globally, up from $3 trillion in 20151. The rising cost
of cybersecurity reflects a failure of the security field to offer a solution that is both simple enough to
warrant adoption by industry and government, and secure enough to protect our most valuable secrets
and data.
Merely increasing spending without changing the way we think about modern security is insufficient. The
existing tools: firewalls, virtual private networks and passwords all assume that the edge of the network
is the network perimeter. This makes it too easy for non-authenticated users to probe and hack systems.
Rivetz is developing technology to push the edge of security to the screen of the device. Rather than a
password being the last line of defense, individual devices can be deputized to broker access to valued
online assets. The Global Attestation and Identity Network is intended to record and verify the health and
integrity of the device using an RvT and blockchain technology. This new service builds on the last three
years of work by Rivetz in creating the platform and tools to simplify a developers access to the Trusted
Execution Environment (TEE), a dedicated and impenetrable hardware platform that exists in every device.
Protecting data created and consumed by devices is an ever-growing challenge. Estimates peg the number
of Internet of Things (IoT) devices to exceed 200 billion by 2020.2 IoT devices are the foundational layer,
where data is created. The IoT industry assumes you can trust the data from the device, but in most cases,
this is not true. Rivetz, working with TEE, can create the much-needed trust.
The mobile devices of today are essential to decentralized data processing, but that processing can be
easily corrupted. By focusing on the device identity, continuously measuring the state of the device, and
enabling a new token based business model, Rivetz is constructing a new decentralized approach to
cybersecurity and transaction assurance.
The Rivetz solution for the Global Attestation and Identity Network is built on a foundation of combining
two global technologies. The first is the investment by industry of billions of dollars in trusted computing
and global platform standards and the billions of devices that have been delivered with these capabilities
embedded. The second is the revolutionary technology of blockchain that provides the decentralized key
management, immutable storage and micropayments on a decentralized basis. Rivetz is combining these
two technologies to demonstrate that provable cybersecurity controls are required to improve the
quality, value and trust of data processed, shared and stored on the internet. Equally important, the
Rivetz solution is intended to provide the economic model for devices to securely request and securely pay
providers or other devices for health and integrity services.
The Rivetz solution takes advantage of the TEE, which provides Rivetz with an isolated execution
environment within the main processor to execute code that cannot be observed or altered by the
operating system. This vault on the processor enables Rivetz to store and process sensitive data, and
1
2

Cybersecurity Ventures infographic http://cybersecurityventures.com/cybercrime-infographic/
Intel Infographic https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/internet-of-things/infographics/guide-to-iot.html

4

Property of Rivetz Intl.

assure that policy and controls are executed as expected. The TEE is a measured environment that can be
verified and proven to be operating in a reference condition. TEE capabilities have been available on both
ARM and Intel architecture processors world-wide for many years.
Rivetz intends to introduce the RvT, a cybersecurity token that can enable the registration of devices and
attest to their cybersecurity controls. The RvT is i n t e n d e d t o b e integral to delivering automated
device-to-service or device-to-device payment for the consumption of the cybersecurity service and
eventually other permissioned services. It is planned to assist the owner of the device to forensically
prove verified cyber controls are in place when a transaction is executed.
The key to increasing the utilization of trusted computing technology is a business model that supports
an ecosystem for security as a service. The Rivetz network is designed to support secure procurement of
services, with a trusted mechanism for inexpensive automatic micro-payment. Rivetz plans to show how
the RvT could bring these new business models to the device for the delivery and consumption of modern
machine-to-machine procurement of services. The goal is to provide a source of payment (the RvT) that
is bound by the owners policy assuring that only approved service providers are paid.
The RvT model provides an operational role and a business role. The operational role will be intended
to evolve as the technology moves from simple use to full integration into Bitcoin and Ether. The
technology to efficiently integrate the solution has been prototyped, but some of the core capabilities
used are still only on the mainstream blockchain roadmap. Rivetz plans to invest in the technology to
operate and integrate the RvT into critical use cases. The goal is that every token and chain can take
advantage of the cybersecurity controls that Rivetz enables. Note that no guarantee can be made that
the goal will be achieved, based on factors including competition with other solutions and changes in
technology.
The Rivetz team brings years of experience and leadership in trusted computing and blockchain
technologies. Rivetzs established team has secured over a million dollars in contracted revenue from the
U.S. government for other projects. Rivetz has operational technology currently compatible with over 500
million mobile phones as well as existing non-blockchain capabilities for multifactor authentication,
embedded authentication, file encryption and secure messaging. The company leadership was part of the
founding of the Trusted Computing Group in 2000 and has been an active blockchain cybersecurity
contributor since 2013.
Every single day cybersecurity software proves unsuccessful in stopping attacks. Malware, malicious users,
and targeted attacks create massive risk. For industry, government and consumers to realize cybersecurity
success, they must begin with a foundation built on trusted hardware execution. The Rivetz plan is
intended to monetize and implement solutions that deliver cybersecurity from the birth of the device to
the confirmation of transactions for any service or IoT device.
Today, dozens of new token-enabled services are being developed; Rivetz is working to provide a secure
automated mechanism to support micro-payment for m a n y o f those services. Metered access to
services and capabilities could generate new revenue streams and new markets to serve the forecasted
future 40 billion dollar IoT device market.
Blockchain has created a new foundation for value transfer on the internet. Trusted computing has created
the foundation for protected execution on a device. Rivetz is building the network to put it all to work,
empowering a new market and new revenue for a decentralized network of secure devices and services.

5

Property of Rivetz Intl.

Rivetz Background
Rivetz is a first-mover with patent pending cybersecurity services and capabilities that leverage the
Trusted Execution Environment (TEE). By providing a vault to isolate and protect keys and encrypted
material from apps, malware, users, and hackers, Rivetz is focused on providing a truly safe experience for
accessing all digital services  maximizing the quality and value of the provider-to-subscriber relationship.
Rivetz has been building this technical foundations for 3 years and has existing contracts with the U.S.
government. The technical models for attestation have been part of global standards from the European
Union to OASIS to NIST for many years but the economic model has been missing to support this
ecosystem. Rivetz leadership has been part of the governance in this industry for the last 20 years, driving
the adoption of trusted computing hardware and developing the technology services and economic
models to put trusted computing to work.
Rivetzs existing platform provides a unique set of market-leading solutions that have already generated
over a million dollars in recent contract awards. Rivetz services and solutions can be leveraged by
application development partners and service provides to enhance the value of subscribers on their
systems. The company has a strategic relationship with Trustonic, giving it access to over a billion devices
already in the field. Rivetz has also initiated discussions with major, established technology companies to
support their commercial TEE solutions and potentially add billions more of devices that can utilize the
Companys capabilities.
Rivetz has invested over 3 years in executing a well-thought-out and novel strategy to create the market
and capitalize on this substantial opportunity. In Q1 2017 the company was awarded a US Government
contract and in Q2 it was further awarded an SBIR contract by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
Science and technology (S&T) directorate. By simplifying the user experience and assuring that
information is delivered as intended, Rivetz has designed a solution that could unlock new models and
services and provide value to users for years to come. Rivetz believes it has the short-term tactical plan
to quickly engage customers to drive revenue, and the long-term vision to unlock the full potential of the
technology which will produce a game changing market opportunity.
One of the great challenges in trusted computing is providing the proof that the TEE is what it says it is.
The purpose of this paper and the launch of the RvT is to put the last 15 years and hundreds of millions of
dollars of research to work by leveraging blockchain technology to prove the measured portions of a
device have not been altered.
Rivetzs existing solutions and application enable protection of keys and protection for messages, and
provide a solid starter platform to deliver the real cyber security control attestation of the health and
identity of the device that creates a secure message or instruction. The Rivetz solution contemplated with
the RvT is further intended to provide cyber security based on math that can prove that measurements
made have not changed over time. There are no silver bullets in cyber security, and everything is vulnerable,
but these tools represent simple integrated cyber controls that Rivetz believes are world-class and military
grade.
Rivetz's founders have played a critical role in the creation, development, and adoption of Trusted
Computing. The innovation of blockchain, when combined with the innovation of Trusted Computing, could
enable a transformation to a new paradigm that delivers a safe, secure and private experience for digital
services. Rivetz is building the platform, tools, and services in order to enable this distributed and
6
Property of Rivetz Intl.

decentralized cybersecurity control and a microtransaction model to meter its use as core infrastructure
for the digital future.
In 2016, Rivetz built a reference architecture to validate the health and integrity of the device as an
integral part of the transaction on a blockchain, delivering a decentralized cybersecurity control providing
proof that the device internal and external controls were in a reference condition prior to the completion
of a specific transaction. https://youtu.be/XUG7-UCmZjY The following discussion explains how Rivetz
intends to use a new token to enable the administration and operational security required to accelerate
the use of these solutions by the global market, ushering in the new paradigm for cybersecurity
architecture. The Global Attestation and Identity Network has the potential to accelerate the transition
from the existing network security solutions to a new model built on the assurance that the connected
and measured devices are performing transactions the user intends. In Rivetzs view, this is not only
essential for a bold new world utilizing crypto currencies, but transforms data and network security as
well.

7

Property of Rivetz Intl.

The Problem
Information assurance, or confirmation that information on a device has not changed, is one of the biggest
challenges in modern computer science. The evolution of the network, common access and the use of
services has changed rapidly over the last 10 years. Cybersecurity protections have struggled to keep up.

Cybersecurity is failing in a mobile and distributed world
With rapidly evolving computer and mobile systems cybersecurity, the old models of software only
security software is always one step behind the bad guys. Antivirus solutions built for enterprises and
personal computer networks cannot address the rapidly growing mobile and IoT markets.


Legacy security systems developed for desktop PCs and in-house networks were not designed for
a real-time, mobile device driven world where sensitive information flows across public network
systems to largely unknown devices outside the conventional network boundaries of enterprises,
organizations, and government agencies.



Cybersecurity and privacy are often at odds. Strong trust in the device provides the safe place to
tokenize services and dramatically enhance the privacy of transactions and data.



Cybersecurity has failed to keep pace with evolving threats caused by the increasing use of mobile
devices, blockchains, smart contracts, IoT and cloud computing.



Blockchains and smart contracts require a new model for cybersecurity to protect private keys
and instructions.



Software-based security models focused on monitoring and detection have added complexity,
frustrating users, while failing to prevent cyber-attacks.



Cyber-attacks have been pervasive and have diminished the value and quality of services that
could otherwise be delivered, thus hindering growth in the digital services market and limiting the
value of subscribers to service providers.

Ginni Rometty, IBM's chairman, president and CEO, said, "Cyber-crime is the greatest threat to every
company in the world." And she is right. During the next five years, cyber-crime might become the greatest
threat to every person, place and thing in the world.
Adm. Mike Rogers, commander of the Cyber Command and director of the National Security Agency, said
"There are only two types of organizations: those that know that they've been hacked and those that
don't yet know."

Regulatory Compliance
Another growing challenge is regulations. For example, The European Union GDPR General Data
Protection Regulation can fine companies up to 4% of their gross revenue for a data breach. GDPR goes
into effect on May 25, 2018, giving businesses around the world a chance to prepare for compliance, review
data protection language in contracts, consider transitioning to global standards at least as compliant as
the GDPR, update their privacy policies, and review marketing plans, efforts which will continue long after
the GDPR effective date.
The reach of Californias data protection law, SB1386, has been extended such that it is not only important
to prove that encryption was enabled on a lost device but also that its credential systems have not been
compromised.
8

Property of Rivetz Intl.

The measurement of the capabilities and integrity of the device assures that only known devices, with
known capabilities and known users are consuming or creating provable data. Existing guidance from
many NIST publications require these capabilities on future systems (NIST SP800-147, NIST SP 800-63.3,
NIST Cybersecurity Framework, and others).
The global ecosystem of trusted computing devices and specifications has been deployed to meet the
challenge but lacks an economic model that facilitates implementation.
Rivetzs Global Attestation and Identity Network (GAIN) assures the identity and integrity of the end
device and assures the device cannot lie about its capabilities. Rivetzs proposed solution will be intended
to automate one of the hard problems in information assurance, namely proof that a control was in place
at the time it was required. Equally important, the Rivetz solution is designed to include an economic
model of micro-payments driving adoption.

Internet of Things
The Internet of Things (IoT) is projected by many to represent one of the fastest growth areas of new
global commerce for the next 20 years. Forecasts estimate $4 trillion in revenue by 2020, linking 25 billion
things with perhaps a trillion sensors. The exciting thing about the IoT forecast is the next five years
are only the beginning. Indeed, forecasters believe growth will rapidly accelerate shortly after 2020 as
companies recognize the huge benefits from IoT.
Today there is virtually no provable security for the end-point device being used in IoT. The end-point is
critical because it is most vulnerable, it generally operates without human intervention, and, importantly,
is the source for decisions by the rest of the system. The entire IoT system assumes the end-point is
truthfully reporting accurate data.
Rivetz's proposed solution creates a compelling business case for the manufacturer of the IoT device to
include security in the box. This supplies a major element that is missing from IoT today.

9

Property of Rivetz Intl.

The Global Attestation and Identity Network powered by the RvT
The innovations in devices and the addition of Trusted Computing has attracted a huge commitment of
time and resources by industry and provides a critical component of the solution. The revolution of
blockchain and the decentralized controls and keys combine to make a new infrastructure for trust built
on math and signatures and not human promises. Together these technologies provide the platform to
enable a new paradigm for cybersecurity.
The RvT token is designed to explore the full value of the paradigm, in order to deliver not only the
cybersecurity controls to assure a known device in a known condition with a known user produced
or consumed provable data, but also to assure that the device can be trusted to follow the policies of
the owner and procure services automatically.
The RvT token has the potential to play a role in providing a core infrastructure component for provable
cybersecurity controls. The merging of trusted computing and blockchain can change how modern
business models and capabilities are delivered by automating the continuous validation of cybercontrols
as part of authentication, secure messaging and secure instructions. Higher utility services can be created
and delivered if the device is prevented from lying and stealing. The evolution of technology is alive and
well and AI, bots, big data, IoT, and other big ideas will benefit from better cybersecurity and a utilitybased business model.

Rivetz Global Attestation and Identity Network
Rivetz has a vision of a global ecosystem of cybersecurity checkpoints
empowered by a blockchain microtransaction model. The decentralized
network of cyber-checkpoints enforces the policies the owner of the device
specifies, assuring only known devices in a known condition are allowed to
access and process sensitive information. The decentralized network of TEE
enabled devices supervises and enforces the owners policies for utility service
microtransactions assuring only the services requested are settled in RvT.
The decentralized systems of the world need provable cybersecurity controls
to assert that certain data is real and reliable. The RvT is intended to provide
operational security and enable the business model for integrity validation
and attestation of transactions in real time. RvT is a utility token used by the
owner of the device and service providers to assert that a transaction was sent
by a measured system in a reference condition. The spend of an RvT token can
be locked by a TEE enforced policy on a device and can only be used according
to the rules the owner sets, dramatically reducing the risk of theft or misuse.

What is Health of a Device?

The trusted execution environment
provides isolated execution of code
on the main processor. When the TEE
is powered on, the code that is
executed inside the TEE is signed and
the signatures are verified before any
code executes. Each step verifies the
signature of the next step before it
runs. As designed, this chain of trust
guarantees the integrity of the
code is verified. The last signature
the health of the device can be
checked assuring nothing has been
changed.

The RvT token is purpose designed to integrate with the data structures and methods that are required
by the Trusted Computing Group and Global Platform standards to assure that devices have provable
capabilities. These technologies are standards-based, have been developed over the last 20 years, and
have been shipping on new devices globally for over 10 years. The systems are based on hashes and digital
signatures but like any technology have their unique models as well. Blockchain technology provides a
great fit and many of the capabilities have already been fully integrated simplifying the level of resources
required to support different solutions. More data on the details of Trusted Computing is included in
Appendix 2.

10

Property of Rivetz Intl.

Architecture
The Rivetz architecture is designed to deliver provable cyber-controls for the owner of the devices ranging
from PCs to smartphones to "Things". The solution operates on a decentralized trust model providing the
proof the owner needs without having to trust third party services or sites to back the claims made. The
solution provides an embedded utility token to provide secure settlement for services from known
provable service providers. Different devices have the potential for varying levels of assurance. The Rivetz
architecture is designed to flexibly adapt to these variances.

Attestation is a core capability of the service
RvT tokens provide a new approach in the blockchain market designed to assure attestation and policy
are fully integrated into the process. The TEE provides the policy enforcement on the device to assure
the rules are followed. The processing of the token is designed to verify the integrity of the TEE assuring
the policy was in place. It is a symbiotic linkage that is intended to embed the information necessary to
prove that a known device in a known condition with a known user produced a provable instruction
with strong privacy controls. A primary goal is that privacy is protected and all device-controlled
transactions will only occur between parties known to the owner of the device. The identity information
is tokenized in order to seek to assure tracking of transactions on a chain is not bound to a specific service.
However, the RvT token will require that all parties are identified to the owner of the device reducing the
risk that malware can extract value from the automated systems.

A simple process provides a powerful solution:
The protection model with TEE
The TEE provides the protected application of policy that governs the use of a key or a RvT token. Once
an RvT is passed to the TEE protected private keys it can only be transferred if the device owners
instructions meet policy. The owner of the device is the administrator of the Rivetz policy controls in the
TEE and defines the process the owner expects to be followed. To reduce the risk of compromised
instructions, the process integrates an attestation test and prevents a transfer of RvT if the health of the
policy is violated or its enforcement cannot be verified.

Putting Tokens and RvT on the device
The device is provisioned with RvT tokens and the owner of
the device determines the policies that are in place and
required before the TEE can use any of those tokens. The TEE
policy can be altered by the owner of the device locally or
remotely at any time depending on the requirements for
compliance The TEE will always follow policy to transfer the
tokens and such instruction will always include a verification
that the TEE is in a reference condition. This prevents any
tokens from being transferred by the machine without the
owner-approved policy being applied.

There are three different phases of operation

11

Property of Rivetz Intl.

The First Phase Registration of a reference health

Step 1 The device is paired with the Cybercontrols Marketplace
Step 2 The device calculates its internal health and integrity hash and prepares to have the manufacturer
signatures for the core root of trust verified by the Cybercontrols Marketplace
Step 3 The Cybercontrols Marketplace executes an owner-provided script to validate any external
controls, Enterprise or cloud. It also verifies the manufacturer core root of trust signatures are valid for
the Internal device tests. The external health hash is returned to the device. The RvT will be used to obtain
these services as required.
Step 4 The device uses an RvT token to seal the combined internal and external health hash and record
this reference health measurement on the Global Attestation and Identity Network. There is a
microtransaction required to perform this service. The device records the location of the health hash for
later use.

12

Property of Rivetz Intl.

The Second Phase  Verifying cybersecurity controls

Step 1 The user selects a service that requires a health check and the device creates a unique transaction
ID.
Step 2 The device performs an internal real-time test and an external real-time test and calculates a
combined real-time health.
Step 3 The device seals the combined real-time health hash with the reference health hash locator with
an RvT token and transmits the request to a Cybersecurity Controller for verification of a match.
Step 4 The Cybersecurity Controller retrieves the reference health hash and compares it to the real-time
health hash. If they match, the device can be said to be in a reference condition.
Step 5 The Cybersecurity Controller delivers the logged event with a transaction ID to the global
attestation and identity network and the results of the verification to be logged by the application as
appropriate.

13

Property of Rivetz Intl.

The Third Phase  Proving the state of the device for a competed transaction

Step 1 A request is made to audit a transaction.
Step 2 The transaction ID is used to locate the logged event and verify the test was true
Step 3 The reference health hash is received.
Step 4 The owner provides the Cybercontrols Marketplace the hash and the transaction ID that was used
to create the external hash and the process executed to calculate the internal hash. The Cybercontrols
Marketplace will verify the math and generate a transaction report for the owner proving the controls
that where measured prior to the execution of the transaction.
There are many capabilities that may provide future expansion for service delivery and enhance the
functionality of the network and the utility of the RvT token in turn.
The RvT could be used by many members of the network, and it is expected that services will grow over
time.

Enterprise/ Individual Ownership of a RvT will generate transactions:


Register owner account



Register the identity of their devices from 1 to thousands



Record reference integrity measurements



Manage policies on the device for access to and use of services



Administer access to logged compliance and encryption data



Update and remove devices
14

Property of Rivetz Intl.



Manage and make global micropayments for service



Have access to use the Rivet Network

OEM Ownership of a RvT will generate transactions:


Record and secure a reference core root of trust for the health measurement (i.e., a device birth
certificate)



Establish identity for settlement



Manage micropayments for device supply chain validation

Service Provider ownership of a RvT will generate transactions:


Route traffic to public a Cyber Checkpoint



Prepay for validations as a perk to users



Manage cloud encryption as a service

Cyber checkpoint operators will generate transactions:


Operate a Cyber Checkpoint



Collect micropayments for service



Enable secure logging of data



Offer new services

Building a future of utility micro-payments for devices
The RvT token is intended to provide a device with a mechanism for obtaining decentralized services.
Devices need such a strong mechanism for automated access and for a use-as-you-consume model for
extremely small transactions. The RvT token is designed to cooperate with the TEE to provide the security
and transaction models required. History has shown that metering-based models are easily abused and
fraud is hard to detect. To realize the incredible future of billions of devices as an Internet of Things, the
Internet will need a mechanism for ensuring that devices can be trusted. Rivetz believes that the GAIN
achieves the unique balance between privacy and security or control.
The RvT token enables a device to initiate automated microtransactions that are supervised and verified
by the TEE and the Cyber Checkpoint. The token is designed to have multiple controls embedded by the
owner, the device, and the checkpoint as part of the end-to-end recording of the settlement. These
controls provide a foundation for a broad class of utility payments that devices might require from storage
to processing to replacement. The attestation capabilities developed by Rivetz are a core building block
to enable automated transactions.

15

Property of Rivetz Intl.

The application of the Rivetz solution
Rivetz has developed several internal services that leverage the attestation architecture and a generalpurpose developer environment that will enable integration of these capabilities into any third-party
applications. The Rivetz solution is designed to operate across the market and support isolated execution
on both ARM and Intel architecture devices. Simple applications provide the foundation that will enable
more advanced solutions in the future.
Rivetz expects to partner with several the existing and emerging token projects to assure cybersecurity is
built-in from the beginning. Most token projects have a private key that could benefit from new models
of protection from theft or misuse. The clear benefits for the services are stronger protections of private
keys and critical functions within the trusted execution boundaries and a new model for integration of
enterprise controls for decentralized networks.
Following are descriptions of a few general-purpose use cases.

Multi-factor authentication with provable cybersecurity controls
Many companies have implemented multifactor authentication as part of their projects. Rivetz provides
the tools to enhance these solutions using provable hardware security. The attestation services will enable
integration of external checks such as geolocation and enterprise status to be verified before
authentication is confirmed to the service. Rivetz supports a 2FA capability today and this will be the initial
service to support the RvT token capability with full attestation support.
A more detailed description is included at the end of the document

Assured transaction Instructions for e-commerce transactions
Rivetz is participating in the NIST NCCOE for retail e-commerce. Attestation can assure that the advanced
cybersecurity controls in the device that are used to protect an e-commerce instruction are working
properly and configured according the requirements of the owner of the platform. The RvT health and
integrity validation of the users confirming device is a check that could be required to be performed as
part of every e-commerce transaction.

Assured instructions for online and offline cryptocurrency wallets
The fundamentals of a secure crypto-currency transaction of secure display, secure PIN entry and
protection of private credentials can be accomplished with the TEE for both online and offline
transactions. Attestation that these controls are in a known condition can be integrated into the
processing of the pay to script process. The result is the data recorded on the chain would have
mathematically provable cybersecurity controls assuring the data recorded was intended, enhancing the
quality and integrity of the data written to the chain.

Token project protection of client private keys and process
Recent projects for identity, storage and networking are using the blockchain protocol for innovative
purposes. However, in general if you can steal the private key you can steal the service. Rivetz provides a
model that will enable hardware protection of the private key and an embedded multifactor
authentication. These cybersecurity controls can dramatically enhance the quality and simplicity of many
of the token services. If the services integrate support for the RvT token, then attestation can become
part of the provable claims the services can make, thereby increasing their utility. Custom development
can further integrate the capabilities and bring a whole class of provable owner managed enterprise
controls to the decentralized token solutions.
16
Property of Rivetz Intl.

Machine multisig
Most token systems will support a multisig wallet for better protection. Rivetz intends to deliver support
for machine multisig. Once tokens are placed into a multisig wallet the conditions must be satisfied to use
the tokens. The user will use their favorite service but before the token transaction can be submitted it
will need to be cosigned by a Rivetz Cybersecurity Controller (RCC) in the TEE. The RCC will receive the
partially signed request and a RvT token with a real-time health test and the locator for a reference health
hash. The cybersecurity controller will process the RvT transaction and use the resulting data to authorize
the users transaction with their favorite token and deliver it to the service for execution. This will be a
simple way to integrate support for the cybersecurity protections offered by a trusted execution
environment with little to no integration. It is not suitable for small microtransactions where the RvT
solution should be fully integrated.
A more detailed description is provided at the end of the document.

17

Property of Rivetz Intl.

A global market for the services powered by RvT tokens
The market for the services and functionality of RvT Tokens is potentially vast and could
be utilized by both currently shipped devices and future security chip and device sales. Driven by
global cybercrime, regulations and the mushrooming IoT market, there is a mandate for a better
solution to security.
A growing demand for improved cybersecurity is crystal clear in Cybersecurity Ventures recent
report. Cybersecurity Ventures, a firm that delivers cybersecurity market data, insights, and
groundbreaking predictions to a global audience of CEOs, CIOs CSOs, venture capitalists, and
government cyber defense leaders, predicts cybercrime will continue rising and cost businesses
globally more than $6 trillion annually by 2021. The firm forecasts that global spending on
cybersecurity products and services will exceed $1 trillion cumulatively over the next five years, from
2017 to 2021. In 2017, Cybersecurity Ventures expects the global cybersecurity market to be worth
more than $120 billion, having grown roughly 35 times over 13 years. The firm further expects 12-15
percent year-over-year market growth through 2021.3
The current mobile market with Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) capability is over one billion
shipped devices. Combined with an estimated one billion enterprise grade personal computers
deployed, this creates a potential market of a significant portion of over two billion devices with the
ability to upgrade to Rivetz improved security.
Looking ahead, the opportunity grows even more rapidly when the explosive IoT market is added to
PC and mobile device sales. The RvT Token business model encourages chip manufacturers like
Intel and Infineon to include the RvT Token when selling their chips or device to manufacturers like
Lenovo, Dell, and Samsung, to include it in the PC or mobile phone. (Note that these are mentioned
for illustrative purposes; such commercial arrangements have not yet been established and there is no
guarantee that any particular one will be.)

3

Cybersecurity Ventures infographic http://cybersecurityventures.com/cybercrime-infographic/

20

Property of Rivetz Intl.

Gartner, one of the worlds leading information technology research and advisory companies,
forecasts that 20% of all enterprise endpoints will use Trusted Execution (that is, TEE-like) technology
by 2020. Currently, over 400 million devices are shipped every year that contain Trustonic s TEE
capability.4
Rivetz believes that the market for distributed cybersecurity controls can not only be additive but
can disrupt a portion of the trillion dollars in planned spending over the next five years. The creation
of RvT as a strong token, with a business case, could create demand for the Rivetz new transaction
based service model for device health and integrity. Combining the 2 billion devices already deployed
with Trusted Computing and the emerging market of blockchain has tremendous potential. The global
adoption of IoT is expected to require attestation for all IoT devices to assure that critical
infrastructure is powered by known devices with provable capabilities and trusted data. From simple
sensors to advanced automotive and industrial networks, attestation will be a critical cybersecurity
control.
One of the primary drivers for attestation is to prove compliance / audit after an over-the-air update
of firmware / software. Not only do you get positive confirmation of the success of an update,
but you receive proof for compliance/audit purposes. This is becoming more important since more
devices are including in-the-field update capabilities to address newly discovered vulnerabilities.
The Rivetz Global Attestation and Identity Network has the potential to deliver improved and
provable security to a number of major global markets, including:
Internet of Things
 Strong device identity and registration prevents cloning or rogue devices


Peer-to-peer provable encryption and assured messages



Verifiable condition to detect and prevent tampering of distributed devices



Enabling a global social network of machines



Trusted data

Cloud Authentication and Access
 Tamper-proof identity protected by measured trust hardware


Secure display assuring what you see is what you send



Secure multifactor authentication anchored in provable hardware



A simpler safer user experience. (Logging on is like pushing the send button) secure, simple
and
protected by hardware in the device

Machine Automated Money with Policy
 Secure source of funds that can be autonomously used by the device


Assurance that transactions are only executed according to the owner's policy for the device



Secure model for on demand services and instant access to capabilities as required
20

Property of Rivetz Intl.



Simplify new models for on-demand access to cloud capabilities and services.



Provide an extendable economic model for secure transaction on IoT

Cybersecurity Controls for Smart Contracts and Blockchain
 Provable/measured protections of the private key and transaction data

4



Embedding proof that a specific device with measured controls requested a specific
blockchain transaction



Enabling privacy on the chain or in contracts by tokenizing recorded data and personal
information



Securing oracle data for smart contracts

Gartner Group Innovation Insight for Trusted Execution Environments on Mobile Devices March 2017

20

Property of Rivetz Intl.

Putting RvT to work  the next 6 months
The Rivetz strategy provides a logical go to market plan that is not dependent on others to launch, yet
i s i n t e n d e d t o provide a strong fabric for partners of all sizes to benefit from the evolution of
the network and the marketplace. Cybersecurity is a great first utility for a device to consume and offers
clear benefits to the owner of the platform. The application of utility services to devices is only limited
by the human imagination as billions of devices will need services.
Proof of compliance reduces the cost of audit and exposure for every global enterprise. Compliance is a
top reason for investing in cybersecurity controls and as the network becomes more distributed,
compliance has become more difficult. Rivetz's approach is based on years of research, and the new
models of smart contracts and blockchain provide the technical framework for global compliance. The
proof of compliance is for the benefit of the owner of the platform, but it also increases integrity of the
entire system.
The business model of microtransactions requires devices have access to a settlement model. But, devices
are like small children. They are easily parted from their tokens. The leveraging of the hardware security
within the device will be intended to assure that transactions are executed with known service providers
and the owner controls the policy the trusted hardware will enforce. The attestation protocols provide a
strong integration with transfers of RvT that assures only known services will be able to transact with the
device. The ability for a device to control access to services and to provide a microtransaction model
could open new models for service delivery and assure every device may need an allowance from the
owner.
Rivetz believes that the majority of the Blockchain and token based projects will benefit from integration
with Rivetz capabilities. Hundreds of new companies are being built on the revolutionary change that
blockchain brings to the market. The protections that a token and blockchain offer to the market are
tremendous but only as good as the protection of the private keys and the instructions sent to the chain.
Bitcoin spawned a market for hardware wallets but they are not the solution for the new token models
from storage to networking and cloud services. Rivetz cybersecurity solution is designed to bring a strong
model that will enhance the value and simplify the use for many of the existing proposed token projects.
The RvT token will provide a disruptive business model and decentralized cybersecurity controls to deliver
greater utility and a simpler and safer experience. The RvT token model is intended to assure the
distributed control and resilience that may reduce the central failures that cloud security creates.
Innovation in blockchain, IoT and cloud development is limited by the cybersecurity risks. The global
attestation and identity network powered by the RvT token and its partners intends to address these
global challenges.

21

Property of Rivetz Intl.

The business model for security
As we have seen there are billions of devices with TEE-capable hardware, a growing number of services
that can provide attribute validation, and hundreds of thousands of services and billions of users that are
demanding better cybersecurity. What is missing is a network and an ecosystem that can:
1. Deliver near-real-time, Internet-scale registration, attestation, and verification of cybersecurity
controls
2. Preserve user privacy
3. Provide economic incentives for hardware, software, and service providers to offer cybersecurity
controls of ever-increasing quality
4. Provide a micropayments model for delivery of these services
5. Allow for Coasian bargaining in allocation of the costs of preventative cybersecurity measures
The Global Attestation and Identity Network solves these problems.
The RVT token is essential to the operation of this network.
Simple interfaces and protocols provide an ecosystem that will invite players small and large to support a
new utility model for security. Each component provides a unique connection point into the service and
each will provide services to the owners of the billions of devices we use every day. Providers of any of
the services will be responsible for setting their own requirements for their business models

The Cybercontrols Marketplace
The owner of the device will have the opportunity to configure and select the services they wish the device
to verify in order to achieve the external reference measurement. These controls can vary from free
components to connect to existing enterprise services, extensions to commercial products to verify
controls or cloud service that could provide anything from time of day to location. The services and
business models will vary and the RvT token will be one of the mechanisms for settlement.

The Global attestation and Identity network
The owner will configure the device to use their preferred service provider to store and manage the
Reference health measurement and the logging of results from verification performed by the
cybersecurity controller. The system is built around a simple unique locator to enable any service provider
that supports the protocols to offer a service. These services will be supported by the RvT token.

The Cybersecurity controller
The process of verification is very simple and it is expected that this control will exist standalone and be
built-into many services over-time as the ecosystem matures. The verification process will require an RvT
token to operate.

The application provider
The Rivetz service is designed to be used by any application provider and the RvT token can be used to
reward and promote security by any of the partners. The goal is to assure any partner can use RvT as part
of the business model for their service if they choose. Cybersecurity needs to be built-in and there is a
benefit to the business model integration as well.
22

Property of Rivetz Intl.

First generation RvT use
It is expected as the business models mature and the technology matures the exact operation of the RvT
token will mature as well. The ERC20 tokens sold in the sale will be used by their owners to supply and
store RvT tokens in their device and protected by the TEE. The owner can at any time remove the tokens
they put in the device or the tokens can be used by the device to obtain services that also meet the policies
the owner has set. Value that is received for service will then be in RvT and the service provider can use
them as they wish an or load them into their devices and request services of others. Everyone has a device
that needs security services.

23

Property of Rivetz Intl.

The use of promotional RvT tokens
Rivetz will set aside a portion of the RvT tokens to be used to incentivize the adoption of the system. The
bootstrapping of the environment is a core component of the strategy and the long- term success of the
system. It is expected that tokens may be used to:






Support third-party developers and other third parties that support expansion and promote
adoption of the ecosystem.
Distribute to users to promote and incentivize use and adoption of the ecosystem by users.
Distribute test tokens that will support expansion of the ecosystem.
Support marketing and strategic partners who market and promote the tokens and the ecosystem.
Reward service providers for early adoption of the ecosystem.

In the long term, it is expected the manufacturers and services will supplement this promotional supply
with the tokens that are earned by their services. It is expected that these tokens will be used to incentivize
participation in the system by users, services and manufacturers. The RVT token should incentivize
partners to build services that provide advance capabilities and enhance the quality, security and utility of
the network over time.

24

Property of Rivetz Intl.

Detailed use cases
Two-factor Authentication with Cybercontrols
Rivetz has developed an operational two factor authentication (2FA) capability that supports the FIDO
standards and is interchangeable with Google Authenticator. This app performs all the processing for the
generation of a One-Time Passcode within the trust boundary of the TEE and if the platform supports it,
TUI it is fully utilized. The following video link provides a simple demonstration.
https://youtu.be/KyZqWjqZJFU
Upon completion of the Token Sale Rivetz proposes to integrate a health and attestation test into the 2FA
capability. The i n t e n d e d result is that the TEE could verify the health and integrity of the device and
its external controls assuring that the measured cybersecurity controls are in place prior to execution of
the One-Time Passcode creation for the user.
The benefit
The system will assure that the controls specified by the owner are measured and are in reference
condition on every use. This will simplify compliance with regulations that require certain controls to be
active prior to connecting to sensitive services such as financial data or healthcare. For example, California
Data protection laws require assurance that access credentials have not been lost and devices are
encrypted. This would enable the owner to specify that the device can only generate a passcode after
verifying that the device generating the code was externally checked by the Cybercontrols Marketplace to
pass the Google attestation test. Other conditions could also be scripted into the system such as, is the
device on the local WIFI or is the user is still an employee. The system will provide proof these checks
where measured as the owner intended.
How does it work
Step 1 The device is provisioned with the Rivetz two factor authentication application and the RvT wallet.
Step 2 The owner determines what external controls will be verified by the device and configures those
controls. For example: the validation of the Google SafetyNet service that will verify if the whole phones
operating system meets googles attestation tests.
Step 3 The device is requested to record a reference health hash and the owner of the platform funds the
wallet with RvT
Step 4 The user pairs the device to the 2FA enabled service
Step 5 The user connects to a remote service
Step6 A 2FA is requested
The device automatically creates a real-time health and integrity hash of the internals
The device automatically creates a real-time health and integrity hash of the external data from the
Cybercontrols Marketplace
The hashes are combined with the reference heath hash locator and other data the owner wises to be
collected and the message is sent for verification by the network.
25

Property of Rivetz Intl.

The verifier uses the locator to retrieve the reference health hash and then compares the results returned
to the Reference hash location for archiving and the result is returned securely to the device.
Step 7 If the result is positive, then the 2FA is allowed to continue within the TEE if the health reference
is declined, then 2FA is terminated.

Machine Multisig with Integrated Cybersecurity Controls

The goal of this capability is a simple machine multisig for a device that any of the tokens that support
multisig capabilities can use. The capability is currently estimated to be launched in the fall after a
successful token sale. The assumption is that a normal app using a token can work as designed with
no modifications but the configuration of a multisig. Rivetz has developed support for signing a token
transaction within the Rivetz TEE and intends to add support for the Ethereum multisig protocol as well.
The Rivetz app will validate the health and integrity of the device and then authorize the private key to be
used to sign the multisig on the user- controlled device. This assures the device was in a measured
condition when the transaction confirms. The owner of the device can set rules and limits around the TEE
that will limit the exposure to the device robo-signing unintended transactions.
Benefit
Many services are being built to provide utility to the user and are being designed to be automatically
activated. The level of automation and convenience is always a tradeoff with the level of security. The
Rivetz solution provides a unique approach by holding a portion of the transaction within the device and
leveraging a multisig protocol to assure it is part of the transaction. The intent is that the solution can be
provisioned by the user and not the service if the service support native multisig capability. The result will
be a forensic proof that this device in this condition was part of permissioning the transaction.
Step 1 the user configures a service to use a multisig wallet by funding the multi sig wallet and establishing
the connection to the Rivetz Wallet as the second of 3 signatures. The third key is protected using standard
methods for backup in case the device is lost.
Step 2 The user executes a transaction from their normal app
Step 3 the user requests the Rivetz app to cosign
The Rivetz app verifies a real-time health HASH
Request the Rivetz Cybersecurity Controller (Verifier) to provide a health test and Verifier logs the
transaction
Verifies local Policies set by the owner are met
Permissions use of the private key to cosign the transaction The
transaction is submitted to the multisig process.

26

Property of Rivetz Intl.

Appendix 1. Token sale model
Details of the token sale will be provided when the tokens are minted

27

Property of Rivetz Intl.

Appendix 2 Trusted computing and attestation
Trusted Computing Concepts
Trusted Computing concepts emerged from Rainbow Series security standards and guidelines originally
published by the US Department of Defense in the 1980s and then later by the National Computer Security
Center. The primary standards better known as the Orange Book, the Trusted Computer System
Evaluation Criteria (TCSEC) standard addresses requirements for assessing computer security controls in
a computing system and was eventually replaced by Common Criteria international standards. Modern
Trusted Computing is an approach to building computing systems that allow us to remotely make
informed decisions about the level of trust to invest in their proper operation. From the Trusted
Computing Group: An entity can be trusted if it always behaves in the expected manner for the intended
purpose.
The computing security industry has found it extraordinarily difficult to secure commercial computing
systems using software-only approaches  especially when the sources of software components are
disparate and often independent entities. Recognizing the limitations of software-only approaches,
standards organizations instead leverage and rely upon immutable hardware-based roots of trust as the
foundation of trust in computing systems. By leveraging roots of trust in a platform, the primary goal of
system architects is to provide computing environments with strongly isolated execution environments
utilizing protected capabilities and confidentiality and integrity protected data storage facilities. These
combined capabilities provide system architects with a trusted computing base that can be leveraged for
confidence in the operation of a limited set of system functions.
While the Trusted Computing Group (TCG) has led the industry in defining specifications and standards
for trusted computing requirements, APIs and systems and GlobalPlatform (GP) has led industry in
defining specifications and standards for trusted execution environments requirements, APIs, and
systems, trusted computing requirements are increasingly being included in other protocols and
standards. The OASIS Key Management Interoperability Protocol (KMIP) and PKCS #11 include support for
attestation as do numerous current IETF standards and drafts (e.g. Trusted Execution Environment
Protocol  TEEP).
Roots of Trust
In order to provide the security capabilities required to instantiate a trusted computing base, a computing
system requires a set of foundational security elements called Roots of Trust. The combination of Roots
of Trust in a computing system is the foundation of assurance of trustworthiness. They are composed of
hardware, firmware and software that together provide security-critical functions. Hardware-based roots
of trust have advantages in consumer and commercial platforms since they are immutable, have smaller
attack surfaces, and are generally more reliable; i.e. they can be relied upon to perform their functions
with higher assurance.
In order to provide device integrity, isolated execution, and protected storage in a protected execution
environment, a system should implement a Root of Trust for Storage, a Root of Trust for Measurement,
and a Root of Trust for Verification. And in order the system to provide remote confidence in its
configuration and status, a process called remote attestation, it needs to utilize a Root of Trust for
Reporting in tandem with a secure and immutable device identity.
28
Property of Rivetz Intl.

Root of Trust for Storage (RTS): provides a confidential and integrity-protected repository to store and
manage cryptographic keys, critical security parameters and any configuration data, measurements and
policies which are critically necessary to support the operation of a trusted computing base.
Root of Trust for Measurement (RTM): provides trusted measurement functions used to reliable measure
the integrity of software components and configurations utilizing signature algorithms and is the root of
the chain of transitive trust for subsequent software measurement agents. In order to minimize the
possibility of subversion of measurements, a RTM should be invoked as soon after initialization of a
computing system; the later a system invokes the RTM, the greater the opportunity to subvert the
measurement trust chain.
Root of Trust for Verification (RTV): provides an engine to verify digital signatures associated with a
software/firmware component and generates assertions of the verification result. The RTV executes a
signature verification algorithm and compares signatures against reference expected values known as
Reference Manifests.
Root of Trust for Reporting (RTR): provides a protected capability to generate and sign assertions for the
purpose of remote attestation of a computing systems assurance properties. The RTR must leverage a
strong device identity to protect against system impersonation and nonrepudiation. The RTR heavily
leverages the capabilities provided by the RTM, RTS, and RTV.

Secure Boot and Transitive Trust Chain
Secure boot is the process of measuring the integrity of platform components by leveraging a RTM and
verifying measurements against authorized reference measurements to enforce system policies for the
purpose of booting a trusted computing base. By interleaving measurement operations with verification
operations, a boot process can self-validate according to security policies in effect on the computing
system. This process combines trusted boot (capture of measurements) with local verification of
measurements to secure the boot process of the system. If a component is out of security policy
compliance at any time during the measure / verify process, the system may choose to boot a valid
remediation image or other safe alternate boot path with the intent of preventing out-of-compliance
machines from ever executing malware or unapproved code and presenting compromised services.
The measure / verify process allows the computing system to successively load more measurement and
verification agents during the initialization process of a computing platform. The coherent set of
measurements and assertions during this process whereby all components are evaluated prior to
execution is called the transitive trust chain. When implementing secure boot, these measurements may
be discarded immediately after use by the local system. However, if the system needs to convince a
remote relying party of its integrity and configuration, it is crucial to protect the transitive trust chain
measurements and assertions against unauthorized modification or augmentation until they are reported
to the relying party by leveraging the RTR in a process called remote attestation.

29

Property of Rivetz Intl.

Remote Attestation
While it is possible to secure many kinds of processes, with a limited set of resources it is never possible
to secure a process with 100% certainty and this is especially true in commercial and consumer platforms
that have significantly fewer resources afforded to them than military systems. Thus, a basic tenet in
system assurance evaluation is to Trust but Verify. No matter how well a system is secured, having
visibility into how a system evolves due to system updates and potential authorized and unauthorized
changes and additions provides a relying party with a mechanism to evaluate the current status of a
computing system. As an example, though NIST provided a specification to secure the BIOS of a computing
system (NIST SP 800-147), NIST immediately followed up with a specification to report on the current
measurement and status of the BIOS (NIST SP 800-155).
The process of remotely verifying the measurements and configuration status of a computing system, and
providing a mechanism to evaluate its expected behavior, is called attestation. This process is crucial for
providing confidence in the integrity of a system and allowing a relying party to decide to trust a
computing system is the basis for trusted computing.
Attestations are reports of system integrity provided in a manner that allows the remote relying party to
evaluate a transitive trust chain and to determine the platforms trusted computing base is in a state that
is acceptable for the relying party to have confidence the system will operate as expected. Inherent in an
attestation is the expectation that a specific system is currently in the state reported, thus combining the
identification of a specific device with a mechanism to ensure that an attestation report is fresh and not
a replay of a previous report is crucial. In an effective attestation protocol, the remote verifier provides a
freshness nonce for the device to include within an integrity report that includes a signature over the
attestation to verify the identity of the system and the integrity of the attestation data.

Trusted Execution Environment (TEE)
System architects have included roots of trust and trusted computing capabilities into a large number of
products currently deployed in industry. In the personal computer, the Trusted Platform Module (TPM)
has been leveraged to provide secure cryptographic key storage and use. This protects secret and private
keys from observation and disclosure attacks to which they are susceptible when in shared system
memory. PCs that leverage the TPM can load a trusted computing base known as a secure kernel to vastly
improve the information assurance properties of the system and provide remote attestation capabilities.
Instead of relying upon a TPM, smartphones and IoT devices utilize the hardware isolation and security
capabilities embedded and inherent in modern microprocessors to offer an isolated execution and storage
environment. Examples of this capability are ARM processors which include TrustZone and Intel
processors with Software Guard Extensions (SGX); similar capabilities have and are being included in
processing environments from large server platforms to tiny IoT devices embedded in systems that
require secured operations and remote visibility.
By leveraging TrustZone and SGX low-level capabilities as roots of trust, information security standards
organizations such as GlobalPlatform have published numerous standards for a Trusted Execution
Environment (TEE) which acts as a trusted computing base and an isolated environment to execute small
trusted applications. Smartphones and IoT devices implement secure boot utilizing roots of trust (RTM,
30

Property of Rivetz Intl.

RTS, and RTV) to instantiate a TEE that protects the execution of Trusted Applications (stored and
executing in TEE) from observation and alteration from the device operating system, services, and
applications. The secure boot process allows the local system to have confidence and trust that it is
operating in an approved configuration and supplies authorized services to the rest of the software
components of the computing system.
However, just as we might trust other computing systems instantiated using a secure boot process, we
also need to verify continued compliance, operation, and updates to establish remote trust in those
platforms. These systems can also leverage the RTM, RTS, RTV, and RTS (the roots of trust of the system)
to implement remote attestation with remote parties who must rely upon the correct operation of the
platform. The integrity information provided in remote attestation reports needs to provide coherent
measurements and configuration information to allow a remote verifier to have confidence (trust) that
the TEE environment itself was instantiated utilizing the hardware security capabilities inherent in the
system and using authenticated and authorized components. Similarly, once instantiated, a TEE needs to
be able to attest to its internal configuration and to the integrity and current status of trusted applications
executing within the TEE.
The coherent combination of measurements of the initialization of a computing system, the instantiation
of a trusted execution environment, and the current state of trusted applications executing within a
trusted execution environment is the transitive trust chain of integrity measurements of the trusted
computing base of the computing system. Attestation provides the mechanism to report the state of the
device to a remote relying party with confidence.

31

Property of Rivetz Intl.

Appendix 3 Blockchain a general description
A blockchain is a distributed database consisting of a list of records. Each record has a secure timestamp
and a cryptographic link to the previous record. The records are called blocks, and the cryptographic links
make it easy to read the database and to verify its accuracy, but make it extremely difficult for an attacker
to alter or change the order of records. Because of these properties, a blockchain is a machine-readable
unalterable historical record, which makes it especially suitable for security applications.
The best known blockchain is the Bitcoin blockchain. Bitcoin uses the immutable historical record to
record irreversible monetary transactions. Another well-known blockchain is the Ethereum blockchain.
Ethereum uses the blockchain to store smart contracts as well as the data those smart contracts need to
operate.
The existence of an unalterable historical record is essential to the functioning of the RvT token. When a
device is manufactured, its birth certificate is stored on a blockchain. The birth certificate associates to
that physical device a health quote, which may include information such as a hash of firmware. If a device
is compromised, its real-time health quote will change. An adversary who wishes to hide the compromise
will have to rewrite the entire history of all transactions on the blockchain back to the time of manufacture
of the device, which virtually impossible. Moreover, if the device is configured to write a health quote to
the blockchain regularly, then the blockchain will not only record that the device is compromised but also
when it was compromised.
The RvT token is flexible and can store many other types of information in the historical record. For
example, a shipping company might use RvT in combination with beacons to prove that a piece of cargo
was always refrigerated, or always in proper custody.
The idea of blockchains goes back at least to the early 1990s, but the first major practical application was
Bitcoin, starting in 2009. The mathematics are relatively straightforward. The core idea is that of a linked
list where each record or block points to the block that precedes it immediately in time. A "pointer" here
is a cryptographic hash rather than a memory location. A version of this idea is familiar to many developers
as the basic structure in the source control system Git. Given the blockchain in its entirety, anyone can
verify the integrity of the blockchain by iterating over it and computing hashes of all the blocks.
The hard part of blockchains is not the structure itself, but rather deciding who gets to write to the
blockchain and how to secure the timestamp. This was the problem first solved in Bitcoin, which uses
economic incentives to control writing to the blockchain. Other chains, namely permissioned chains, solve
the problem by specifying certain entities or agents who have exclusive authority to write to the chain.
Several other solutions also exist.

32

Property of Rivetz Intl.

Appendix 4 About Rivetz
Rivetz Corporation
Rivetz Corporation (Rivetz or the Company), the parent company of Rivetz Intl., is a First-mover
with patent pending cyber security services and capabilities that seeks to leverage the Trusted Execution
Environment (TEE) already available on hundreds of millions of existing devices. By providing a vault
to isolate and protect keys and encrypted material from apps, malware, users, and hackers, Rivetz seeks
to ensure a truly safe experience for accessing all digital services, thus maximizing the quality and value
of the provider-to-subscriber relationship
Rivetz is at the forefront of this dramatic shift from users employing dozens of user names and
passwords to a device-based identity and capabilities model for connecting the online subscriber,
which will increase the value, trustworthiness and quality of the subscriber to the service provider
by recovering the lost value stolen by fraud, while at the same time eliminating the complex and
frustrating user experience created by software-based security measures. Rivetzs proprietary technology
leverages the Trusted Execution Environment capabilities built into devices to hide and process secrets in
complete isolation from the risks inherent in the operating system. Rivetzs TEE-based products and
services, leverage built-in hardware capabilities currently embedded on 2 billion devices. Almost all
smartphones, tablets, laptops, and personal computers already contain the necessary hardware to
enable a Rivetz vault for securing user access, privacy and safety. The Companys technology replaces
unsecured storage of credentials and the cumbersome annoyance of multi-factor authentication with a
safe space to hold and process sensitive data and secrets, assuring that only a known device in a known
condition with a known user can connect to a network or service. Rivetzs simple and flexible platform
brings world class security into the reach of any application developer or service provider by allowing
them to quickly and cost-effectively exploit the built-in security protections contained on the latest
generation of hardware.
Every enterprise and service provider can benefit from a stronger connection to the customer, which
Rivetz facilitates by delivering a new model for access and data protection. The Rivetz platform of services
and tools seeks to enable individual users to leverage next generation security services as part of a multifactor solution. The Company also empowers entities to build great security directly into their apps with
simple to integrate capabilities. Market demand for multi-factor authentication grows every quarter and
Rivetz is executing on a novel tactical approach to supply the market with state of the art security
technology. The Company supplements the built-in authentication everyone needs with patent pending
integration of an enterprises legacy cybersecurity controls, along with the services to help the user
manage their collection of devices as their identity.
Rivetzs platform services seek to provide a unique set of market leading solutions that have already
helped the Company generate over a million dollars in recent contract awards from the Department of
Defense and the Department of Homeland Security. The Company plans to now rapidly commercialize its
products and services on a large scale, and establish itself as the leading solutions provider for trusted
cyber security designed around the TEE. Rivetz expects that its services and solutions can easily be
leveraged by application development partners and service provides to enhance the value of subscribers
on their systems. The Company has a strategic relationship with Trustonic, giving it access over a billion
devices already in the field. Rivetz has also initiated discussions with major, established technology
companies to support their solutions and add another billion devices that can utilize the Companys
capabilities.
33

Property of Rivetz Intl.

Rivetzs patent pending attestation service seeks to deliver a market changing security model that
integrates legacy enterprise network security tools with the cloud access model of computing by
leveraging the trusted device, thus providing a new cyber security control that forensically proves a
known device in a known condition with a known user created or consumed sensitive content. The
Trusted Agent in the device reliably verifies legacy controls prior to allowing access to critical keys and
credentials, delivering proof of those controls to the cloud for real-time verification as part of any
transaction. This model for distributed cyber security controls seeks to deliver a critical capability to assure
the security of transactions from the enterprise to the Internet of Things (IoT) to the Blockchain.
Rivetz also empowers the users collection of devices to become their identity rather than just a single
device. This attempt to assure the users online identity is not just a single smart phone, but instead
represented by their collection of devices, allowing the user to access their cloud services from any of their
known devices. Rivetz helps the user manage their collection of devices and the services they subscribe
to and ensures that access can only be achieved from any of their known devices when in a known condition
with a known user.
Rivetz believes in the need to integrate cyber controls on a distributed basis and the tremendous value of
connecting the users collection of devices. The Companys tactical strategy will build a foundational
relationship with the household or small businesses through their collection of devices by providing the
ultimate secure connection to the services they use. Rivetzs anticipates its vision for a modern network
will emerge conceptually as a social network of devices and services that will ultimately replace the old
model of the local area network (LAN), along with the firewalls, network security tools and passwords
that come with it.
Importantly, Rivetzs innovative business model contains technology to measure usage of the Companys
Trusted Agent within a client device, assuring that service providers who deploy the Rivetz capabilities
pay for using them. The embedded microtransaction/metering model attempts to provide the flexibility to
meet the requirements of application developers and service providers. The Companys unique, state of
the art model brings a cloud based approach to cyber security services that is consistent with
enterprise, organization, government agency, and user demands, and the new Presidential cyber security
directive.
Rivetz has invested over 3 years in executing a well thought out and novel strategy to create the market
and capitalize on this substantial opportunity. The Companys revenue producing contracts with the
Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security validate and demonstrate the market
value and leading-edge capabilities of Rivetzs technology. By simplifying the user experience and assuring
that information is delivered as intended, Rivetz has designed a solution that seeks to unlock new
models and services and provide value to users for years to come. Rivetz has the short term tactical plan
to quickly engage customers to drive revenue and the long-term vision to unlock the full potential of the
market.

		

WHITE	PAPER		
FOR	SOLOMON	EXCHANGE	ICO	LISTING		

						
OFFERED	BY	SOLOMON	EXCHANGE	LLC	WHICH	WILL	BE	LAUNCHED	ON			
TH
MAJOR	PLATFORMS	ACROSS	THE	GLOBE	ON	THE	28 	AUGUST	2017		
		

FOR	MORE	INFO	PLEASE	ENQUIRE	AT	
WWW.SOLOMANEX.INFO		

	

2		

2  CONTENTS
3  ABSTRACT
4  INTRODUCTION TO SOLOMON EXCHANGE
5 ...CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGES
6 ... WHY SOLOMON EXCHANGE
7 ...HOW SOLOMON EXCHANGE DIFFERS FROM OTHERS
8 WHAT ARE SOLOMON EXCHANGE GOALS?
9 ...WHAT ARE SOLOMON EXCHANGE OBJECTIVES?
10 WHAT ARE SOLOMON EXCHANGE INNOVATIONS?
11 NEED OF CROWDSALE FOR SOLOMON EXCHANGE
12 .SOLOMON EXCHANGE FEATURES
13 TOKENS & CROWDSALE
14 ..TOKEN PRICE AND SUPPLY
15 ..SOLOMON EXCHANGE BUDGET
16 ....WHAT IS THE FUTURE OF SOLOMON EXCHANGE?
17 ...EARLY CONTRIBUTION BONUS
18 ...PROFIT DISTRIBUTION
19 ...WHY SOLOMON EXCHANGE
20 ..FEATURES OF SOLOMON EXCHANGES
21 ROADMAP OF SOLOMON EXCHANGE
22 CONCLUSION

	PG.	2		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

3		

CONTENTS
				 ABSTRACT	
				 SOLOMON EXCHANGE INTRODUCTION	
				 CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGES
				 WHY SOLOMON EXCHANGE		
				 SOLOMON EXCHANGE OBJECTIVES
				 SOLOMON EXCHANGE INNOVATIONS	
				 NEED OF CROWDSALE FOR SOLOMON EXCHANGE
				 SOLOMON EXCHANGE EXCHANGE FEATURES
				 TOKENS & CROWDSALE
				 TOKEN PRICE AND SUPPLY
				 FUTURE OF SOLOMON EXCHANGE		
				 EARLY CONTRIBUTION BONUS
				 PROFIT DISTRIBUTION
				 WHY SOLOMON EXCHANGES
				 CONCLUSION

	PG.	3		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

4		

ABSTRACT
	 FIRST CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE WHICH OFFERS BUYING AND SELLING
OF BITCOIN USING BANK ACCOUNTS. CRYPTOCURRENCYHAS BEEN
RENOWNED AS ONE OF THE LEADING TECHNOLOGY IN FINANCIAL SECTOR
TODAY AND WITH THE SUCCESS OF THIS TECHNOLOGY MOST FINANCIAL
SECTORS START ADOPTING THE BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY TO
SMOOTHEN THEIR FINANCIALTRANSACTIONS. AFTER THE SUCCESS OF
BITCOIN, SEVERAL OTHER CURRENCIES CAME INTO THE MARKET AND
WITH THEIR OWN BLOCKCHAIN AND FILLS THE GAP BETWEEN OTHER
COMPLEXITIES OF BLOCKCHAIN.
	 THIS IS A NEW EMERGING MARKET WHERE INVESTORS ARE SEEKING FOR
A UNIQUE AND BETTER OPPORTUNITY AS IT ISEXTREMELY ATTRACTIVE
MARKET FOR START-UPS. THOUGH THE MARKET OF THE CRYPTOCURRENCY
IS NOT COMPLETELY UNDER CONTROL BECAUSE OF IDENTIFICATION AND
SECURITY FACTORS, SO MANY USERS CONSIDER IT AS A BURDEN FOR
THEMSELVES.
	 MANY EXCHANGES IN THE MARKET OFFERS TRADE FACILITIES AMONG
CRYPTOCURRENCY BUT MOST OF THEM ARE LIMITED TOSPECIFIC
GEOGRAPHIC REGIONS, BECAUSE EVERY COUNTRY HAVE THEIR OWN
REGULATIONS FOR CRYPTOCURRENCIES. TO OVERCOME THE
GEOGRAPHICAL BARRIER AND FIAT CURRENCY TO CRYPTOCURRENCY
TRADING, WE ARE DESIGNING A NEWPLATFORM WHICH IS FULFILLING
THE PRESENT MARKET NEED OF ALL BITCOIN TRADERS.
	 HAVING EASY-TO-USE, ROBUST CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE
TECHNOLOGY THAT ENABLES P2P EXCHANGE BETWEEN FIAT &
CRYPTOCURRENCY, SECURE CREDIT CARD TRANSACTION CAPABILITY, AND
SECURE WALLET STORAGE OF USER DIFFERENT CRYPTOCURRENCY FUNDS
WHILE OFFERING NOVICE USERS A UNIQUE TECHNIQUE TO ENHANCE
THEIR SKILLS IS THE MAIN AIM OF SAFE & SECURE TRADING PLATFORM
WHILE OFFERING USERS A BONUS ON GROSS PROFITS THROUGH
EXCHANGE WOULD BE AN ADDITIONAL POINT.
	 WE ARE SOLOMON EXCHANGE WITH A SUCCESSFUL TRADING PLATFORM
AT WWW.SOLOMONEX.COM AND WE ARE PRESENTING ANOPPORTUNITY
FOR INVESTORS TO PARTICIPATE IN A TOKEN CROWDSALE FOR OUR NEW
SOCIAL TRADING PLATFORM  SOLOMONEXCHANGE.
	PG.	4		
WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

5		

INTRODUCTION TO SOLOMON
EXCHANGE
	 SECURE WALLET, USER FRIENDLY APPLICATION AND SECURE TRADE
IS THE MAIN AIM FOR SOLOMON EXCHANGE. IN ADDITION TOTHAT
WE ARE ALSO ALLOWING USERS TO EXCHANGE THEIR
CRYPTOCURRENCY INTO FIAT CURRENCIES AND BANK SETTLEMENT
THROUGH IDENTITY VERIFICATION SYSTEM.
	 BUYING/SELLING YOUR CHOICE OF CRYPTOCURRENCY INSTANTLY
AND SECURELY AS SOLOMONX IS BACKED BY STRONG ALGORITHMIC
MECHANISM TO GIVE USERS A CHOICE AMONG BEST
CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGES IN THE WORLD.
	 WITH SOLOMON EXCHANGE, ACCESS AND SECURITY ARE THE NEW
FACTORS AND WILL BECOME THE UNIQUE STANDARD BECAUSE WE
AT SOLOMON EXCHANGE BELIEVE EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE GLOBAL
ACCESS TO TOP TRADING AND TOP RANKING CRYPTO CURRENCIES.
	 WE HAVE A UNIQUE EXPERTISE IN CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE
WITH PROFESSIONAL TEAM OF EXPERTS, LETTING US TO OFFERTO
THE WORLD A NEW PLATFORM FOR CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE
WHICH WILL BE OPERATED GLOBALLY BE IT IN ASIA
PACIFIC,EUROPE, SOUTH AMERICA OR NORTH AMERICA, WHERE
USERS WILL BE ABLE TO CONVERT THEIR CRYPTOCURRENCY TO
THEIRLOCAL FIAT CURRENCIES.
	 WE STRONGLY BELIEVE IN THE PLATFORM WHICH IS BUILT USING
THE LATEST BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY ENABLING USERS ASECURE
TRADE AND WALLET WITH 2FA METHODS. IDENTITY TRACKING AND
VERIFICATION SYSTEM IN ORDER TO AVOID FRAUDULENT
TRANSACTIONS OR THEFT OF IDENTITY. MOREOVER ALLOWING
USERS CONVERSION OF TOP 5 RANKING ALTCOINS INTO
FIATCURRENCIES AND MAKING BANK SETTLEMENTS.
	PG.	5		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

6		

CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGES
			 TOTAL EXCHANGES: 85	
			 INACTIVE EXCHANGES: 39	
			 ACTIVE EXCHANGES: 46	
			 BEST PERFORMING EXCHANGES: 10

	PG.	6		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

7		

WHY SOLOMON EXCHANGE
			 AUDIT	
			 RELIABILITY
			 SECURITY
			 MONITORING
			 FINANCIAL STABILITY
			 SECURE WALLETS
			 PAYMENT OPTIONS
			 CROSS PLATFORM TRADE

	PG.	7		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

8		

HOW SOLOMON EXCHANGE DIFFERS
FROM OTHERS
CONS OF EXISTING EXCHANGES TODAY:
1. NOT AVAILABLE WORLDWIDE
2. SUPPORT TAKES TIME.
3. ACCOUNT VERIFICATION PROCESSING TIME TAKES SEVERAL HOURS
TO 2-3 DAYS.
4. HIGH TRANSACTION FEES. TO OVERCOME THESE CONS WE HAVE
MADE SOLOMON EXCHANGE, WHICH CAN BE ACCESSIBLE
WORLDWIDE WITH INSTANT SUPPORT FACILITY

	PG.	8		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

9		

WHAT ARE SOLOMON EXCHANGE GOALS?
	 WHILE MAINTAINING THE PRINCIPLE OF DECENTRALIZED
TECHNOLOGY, WE AIM TO BRING UNIQUE AND INNOVATIVE
FEATURES IN SOLOMON EXCHANGE WHICH HOLDS THE
CRYPTOCURRENCY STANDARDS.
	 OFFERING A UNIQUE PLATFORM TO A LARGE NUMBER OF ACTIVE
CRYPTOCURRENCY TRADING COMMUNITY WHERE THEY CAN
EXCHANGE BETWEEN FIAT CURRENCIES AND TOP RANKING
CRYPTOCURRENCIES WITH P2P SYSTEM.
	 WE AIM TO BRING LISTING OF NEW CRYPTOCURRENCIES IN THE
MARKET WITH VOTING SYSTEM THROUGH GLOBAL COMMUNITY.
	 MONITORING PERFORMANCE OF NEWLY ADDED COINS SO AS TO
MAINTAIN THE STANDARDS OF SOLOMON EXCHANGE PLATFORM.
	 SOLOMON EXCHANGE OFFERS LISTING OF NEW ICOS TO GLOBAL
COMMUNITY WHICH IS A UNIQUE PLATFORM FOR CROWDSOURCING
ALLOWING USERS TO LIST THEIR ICO AND GET SECURE WALLET
THROUGH ICO.
	 ESTABLISHING BANK SETTLEMENTS WITH VARIOUS ASIA PACIFIC,
AMERICA AND EUROPEAN COUNTRY BANKS ALLOWING USERS TO
CONVERT THEIR CRYPTOCURRENCIES INTO FIAT CURRENCIES.
	 ALLOWING SECURE AND SAFE TRANSACTIONS AMONG SEVERAL
CRYPTOCURRENCIES WITH LOW TRADING RATES ALLOWS US TO
MAKE UNIQUE CHOICE AMONG CRYPTOCURRENCY TRADING
COMMUNITY.

	PG.	9		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

10		

WHAT ARE SOLOMON EXCHANGE
OBJECTIVES?
	 AT THE INITIAL STAGE SOLOMON EXCHANGE WILL BE INTEGRATED
WITH THE ETHEREUM PLATFORM WHICH IS WIDELY ACCEPTED BY
USERS WORLDWIDE AND WITH EXISTING USERS HAVING
CONFIDENCE ON ETHEREUM TRADE.
	 BUYERS AND SELLERS CONFIDENTIALITY AND TRUST CAN BE
DETERMINED BY THE TRADE RATING, USERS CAN SEE THE RELIABLE
BUYER OR SELLER FOR THEIR REQUIRED CRYPTOCURRENCY.
	 OUT OF EVERY TRADE WE ARE GOING TO GIVE CERTAIN AMOUNT OF
BONUS TO OUR TRADERS ENABLING THEM TO TRADE MORE AND
EARNMORE.
	 OUR MAIN OBJECTIVE IS OUR CUSTOMERS SATISFACTION AND
REMOVING OUT ALL THE CONS OF THE EXISTING EXCHANGES
GLOBALLY.
	 OUR INVESTORS CAN GET PROFIT EASILY WITH THIS UNIQUE
PLATFORM AS DEMAND OF TRADING INCREASES WITH TIME AND THE
PROFIT WILLBE GENERATED.
	 EVERY INVESTOR CAN SEE THE PROGRESS OF THE PROJECT AS PER
THE ROADMAP AND WE ARE DEDICATED TOWARDS BRINGING THIS
EXCHANGE A GLOBAL PLATFORM AND TO MAKE IT TOP RANKING
CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE IN NEXT 2-3 YEARS.

	PG.	10		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

11		

WHAT ARE SOLOMON EXCHANGE
INNOVATIONS?
	 CLOUD TRADING  OUR SOLOMON EXCHANGE PLATFORM WOULD BE
INTEGRATED WITH TOP 30 LEADING CRYPTOCURRENCIES ALLOWING
USERS TO GET MAXIMUM PROFIT FROM THE STABLE
CRYPTOCURRENCY MARKET.
	 SECURE WALLET - AS WE ARE GOING TO MAKE OUR PLATFORM
HIGHLY SOPHISTICATED IN TERMS OF SECURITY, OUR CUSTOMERS
CAN EXPERIENCE THE SAFETY OF THEIR CRYPTOCURRENCY AND FIAT
CURRENCY WITH UNIQUE ENCRYPTION TECHNOLOGY.
	 USER FRIENDLY PLATFORM - WE ARE GOING TO DESIGN OUR
SYSTEM WITH EASE OF FUNCTIONALITIES SO ANY BEGINNER CAN
LEARN TRADING EASILY. MOREOVER THEY CAN GET EXPERIENCE
FROM EXPERIENCED TRADERS BY USING SPECIAL GLOBAL
COMMUNITY FORUM ON TRADING METHODS.
	 AUTO-PILOT TRADING - WE INTEGRATE THE OPTION ON OUR ENTIRE
LIST OF CRYPTOCURRENCIES WITH BIDDING OPTION ON EITHER
BUYING OR SELLING PLATFORM WHICH WILL CONTINUE TO GIVE
NOTIFICATION ON TRADING STATUS TO USERS, AND TRADE
AUTOMATICALLY ON THE BASIS OF PREDEFINED BIDS.
	 BUYING TOP 10 CRYPTOCURRENCIES WITH PAYMENT GATEWAY LIKE
CREDIT CARD, COUPON REDEEM, PERFECT MONEY, PAISA AND
SOLIDTRUST WHICH IS NOT ONLY LIMITED TO BITCOIN OR
ETHEREUM.
	 REFERRAL PROGRAM - TRADERS WILL HAVE UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY
TO GET BONUS FROM THEIR REFERRALS TRADING PROFIT. IT CAN
BE GIVEN BY MEANS OF REDUCED TRADING FEE OR ANY ADDITIONAL
BONUS.

	PG.	11		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

12		

NEED OF CROWDSALE FOR
SOLOMON EXCHANGE
	 AS SOLOMON EXCHANGE PLATFORM IS GOING TO BECOME WORLDS
TOP RANKING CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE IN COMING 2-3 YEARS,
WE HAVE DECIDED TO BRING A UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY FOR
INVESTORS TO CREATE A PROFIT OUT OF THEIR INVESTMENT
REGULARLY, BECAUSE IN THE COMING YEARS, CRYPTOCURRENCY
MARKET IS GROWING IN LARGE SCALE AND DAILY THOUSANDS OF
NEW USERS ARE ADDED IN THE CRYPTOCURRENCY TRADING. SO WE
WANT EVERYONE TO TAKE PART IN THIS INNOVATIVE PLATFORM.
			 EXCHANGES ARE MADE FOR PEOPLE AND TODAY, MORE THAN 10
MILLION BITCOIN HOLDERS EXISTED IN THE MARKET AND ALWAYS
LOOKING FOR LOW FEE TRADING PLATFORM WITH NEW & IMPROVED
TECHNOLOGIES INTEGRATED WITH IT.
	 WE TAKE CARE FROM SMALL TRADERS TO BIG TRADERS AND GIVE
EVERYONE EQUAL OPPORTUNITY GET MAXIMUM PROFIT OUT OF
TRADINGCRYPTOCURRENCIES IN A CLOUD NETWORK.
	 THERE ARE SEVERAL OPTIONS THAT WE WILL BE TO PUTTING IN
THE COMING TIME TO MAKE USERS OF SOLOMON EXCHANGE A
UNIQUE CHOICE AMONG ALL CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE AS WE
ARE GOING TO IMPROVE ALL THE CONS OF EXISTING
CRYPTOCURRENCY TRADING PLATFORM IN THE MARKET.

	PG.	12		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

13		

SOLOMON EXCHANGE FEATURES
FEATURES OF SOLOMON EXCHANGES INCLUDE:		
			 POOL TRADING OF THE TOP 25 CRYPTOCURRENCIES AND FIAT.
	 ABILITY TO USE VIRTUAL CRYPTOCURRENCY TO GAIN EXPERIENCE
AND UNDERSTANDING OF TRADING.
			 FULL HISTORY OF EACH TRADER (OPTIONAL FOR TRADERS).
			 ABILITY TO AUTOMATICALLY FOLLOW UP TO FIVE TRADERS.
	 FULL RANGE OF PROFESSIONAL ANALYTICAL TOOLS AND TRADING
TOOLS.
	 MULTIPLE LEVELS OF THE USER INTERFACE  SIMPLE, INTERMEDIATE
AND PROFESSIONAL.
	 TOKEN REWARDS FOR HIGH VOLUME TRADERS.  TOKEN REWARDS
FOR NEW SIGN-UPS.

	PG.	13		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

14		

TOKENS & CROWDSALE
	 THE SOLOMON EXCHANGE TOKEN IS A TYPE OF CURRENCY USED TO
PAY FEES ON THE SOLOMON EXCHANGE LOCAL PLATFORM (FOR
EXAMPLE TO BUY/SELL BITCOIN, ETHER AND OTHER
CRYPTOCURRENCIES).
	 SOLOMON EXCHANGE TOKENS CAN ALSO BE USED TO DISTRIBUTE
DIVIDENDS TO INVESTORS. IF YOU HOLD SMNX TOKENS, YOU HOLD A
PORTION OF OUR PLATFORM, AND BY HOLDING A PORTION OF OUR
PLATFORM YOU ARE ENTITLED TO YOUR SHARE OF A DISTRIBUTION
OF 40% OF THE PLATFORMS PROFIT.
			 THE DIVIDENDS WILL BE PAID ON A QUARTERLY BASIS.
			 A TOTAL OF 15 MILLION TOKENS WILL EVER BE IN EXISTENCE AND 9
MILLION TOKENS WILL BE SOLD. THE FINAL NUMBER OF SOLOMON
EXCHANGE TOKEN CREATED WILL BE DETERMINED BY HOW MANY TOKENS
ARE SOLD IN THE TOKEN CROWDSALE.
	 15 MILLION TOKENS WILL BE SOLD DURING THE CROWDSALE AND
ALL UNSOLD TOKEN WILL BE DESTROYED
	 50% OF TOKENS SOLD WILL BE USED TO DRIVE THE PLATFORM
SOLOMON EXCHANGE
	 25% WILL BE USED FOR MARKETING AND PR PURPOSES AND 5% FOR
LEGAL PURPOSES
			 20% WILL BE UTILIZED FOR OPERATIONS PURPOSES.
	 ITS EASY TO GET STARTED USING AN ETHEREUM SMART CONTRACT
AND ETHER.

	PG.	14		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

15		

TOKEN PRICE AND SUPPLY
TOKEN SUPPLY
				NAME OF TOKEN: SMNX		
		
				TOTAL SUPPLY: 15 MILLION SMNX TOKENS		
		
				PRICE PER TOKEN: 1.00 (ONE) USD		
		
				PURCHASE MODE: ETH (ETHEREUM) / XBT (BITCOIN)		
		
			 EXCHANGE RATE: POLONIEX BUY RATE ETH/USD
				DURATION OF ICO: 1 MONTH		
				PRE-RESERVED TOKENS: 6 MILLION		
			 INVESTORS: 9 MILLION

TOKEN	SUPPLY	
6	MILLION	
TOKENS	

9	MILLION	
TOKENS

INVESTORS							 COMPANY	
	PG.	15		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

16		

SOLOMON EXCHANGE BUDGET
THE BUDGET OUTLINED HERE AND IS AVAILABLE TO PUBLIC, OUT OF 9
MILLION TOKEN THROUGH TOKENSALE THE USAGE ARE GIVEN AS BELOW:
SOLOMON EXCHANGE CORE DEVELOPMENT: 50% 		
IT WILL INCLUDE DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT OF SOLOMON EXCHANGE
PLATFORM WHICH WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR USERS WORLDWIDE AND IT
INCLUDES COSTING FOR INTEGRATION OF PAYMENT GATEWAYS, SUPPORT
SYSTEM FOR USERS AND THIRD PARTY SERVICE ACCESS.
OUTLINED BUDGET MARKETING: 25% 		
THIS WILL HELP THE COMPANY TO BUILD A COMMUNITY OF SOLOMON
EXCHANGE USERS AND ALLOWING THEM REGULAR FEEDS AND
CONNECTIVITY THROUGH ONLINE PROMOTION CHANNEL BY VARIOUS
GLOBAL COMMUNITY FORUMS AND MEDIA CENTERS.
OPERATIONS: 20% 		
IT INCLUDES OFFICE SETUP FOR BACKEND OPERATIONS, 24*7 SUPPORT
SYSTEM FOR USERS SO AS TO ENSURE DAY TO DAY OPERATION FOR
TRADERS AND USERS, HIRING OF STAFF AND THEIR SALARY AND OFFICE
EXPENSES.
LEGAL & LICENSING: 5% 		
IN ORDER TO ENSURE EXCELLENT RATING SERVICE TO OUR TRADERS AND
TRUSTED EXCHANGE, WE FOLLOW ALL LEGAL ASPECTS FOR RUNNING
EXCHANGE SMOOTHLY THROUGH ALL LEGAL AND VALID PARAMETERS IN
EVERY COUNTRY, IT WILL INCLUDE ALL SERVICES RELATED TO EXCHANGE

	PG.	16		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO		

17		

WHAT IS THE FUTURE OF
SOLOMON EXCHANGE?
	 OFFERING SERVICES TO WORLDWIDE BANKS FOR BITCOIN BUY/SELL
IN EUR/BTC AND USD/BTC PLATFORM.
	 ETHEREUM PURCHASE USING BANK ACCOUNT, CREDIT, DEBIT
CARDS.
				REDEEM VOUCHERS OF SEVERAL BIG E-COMMERCE GIANTS.		
		
			 SEVERAL UTILITY SERVICES ATTACHED WITH SOLOMON EXCHANGE APP.

Outlined	Budget	

Core	Development							 Marketing							 Operations							 Legal

	PG.	17		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO		

18		

EARLY CONTRIBUTION BONUS
	 THERE WILL BE FIVE STAGES FOR STAKEHOLDERS TO EARN
DIFFERENT BONUS PERCENTAGES FOR THEIR TOKENS PURCHASE.
	 THIS BONUS REFERS TO THE AMOUNT OF SOLOMONX TOKENS THE
STAKEHOLDER WILL RECEIVE, AND WILL BE DIRECTLY
PROPORTIONAL TO THEIR VOTING POWER IN THE COMMUNITY.
	 THE PERCENT OF THE BONUS WILL BE GIVEN INSTANTLY AS PER THE
DURATION IN TERMS OF TOKEN ONLY.

	PG.	18		

DURATION

BONUS

FIRST 3 DAYS

20%

NEXT 7 DAYS

15%

NEXT 7 DAYS

10%

NEXT 7 DAYS

5%

LAST 7 DAYS

0%

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO		

19		

PROFIT DISTRIBUTION
	 PROFIT DISTRIBUTION WILL BE CALCULATED ONLY AFTER ICO SALES
WILL END.
	 AFTER ICO ENDS SOLOMON EXCHANGE WILL RELEASE ETHER FOR
PROFIT DISTRIBUTION.
	 TOTAL PERCENT OF OWNERSHIP CAN BE CALCULATED ON TOTAL
NUMBER OF TOKEN SALE.
	 FOR EXAMPLE, IF ANY USER BUYS 2 MILLION TOKEN AND TOTAL SALE
OF TOKENS LAST FOR 200 MILLION TOKEN, SO THE USER HAS NOW
1% OF TOTAL TOKEN. ONCE SOLOMON EXCHANGE RELEASE FOR EXAMPLE
1000 ETHER, SO 1% WILL BE 10 ETHER FOR USERHOLDING 1% OF
TOTAL TOKENS. IT WILL BE RELEASED INSTANTLY.
			 PROFIT DISTRIBUTION WILL BE DONE ON QUARTERLY BASIS.	
			 UNSOLD TOKENS WILL BE DESTROYED ONCE ICO SALE WILL FINISH.

SMNX RELEASE PROFIT DISTRIBUTION 		

ETH IN EXCHANGE

USER REQUEST AND RECEIVE

PERCENT OF ETH USER RECEIVE =PERCENT OF TOKEN USER HOLDING

	PG.	19		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO		

20		

WHY SOLOMON EXCHANGE
	 A REGULATED CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE WHERE USERS CAN
TRADE EASILY AS IT IS DESIGNED FOR SECURE AND COST EFFECTIVE
TRANSACTIONS AND TRADES.
	 AIMS TO BECOME ONE OF THE LARGEST CRYPTOCURRENCY
EXCHANGE WORLDWIDE HAVING EXCELLENT FEATURES AND
STRONGTRADE PLATFORM.
	 PROVIDING A SAFE PLATFORM TO TRADE AND EXCHANGE BTC TO
OTHER FIAT CURRENCIES AND HAVE MULTIPLE WITHDRAWAL AND
DEPOSIT METHODS.
	 EXCELLENT MARKETPLACE, EXCHANGE SERVICES AND A SUPPORT
FRAMEWORK FOR EACH COIN LISTED.
			 LARGEST DECENTRALIZED MULTI-CRYPTO EXCHANGE.

	PG.	20		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

21		

FEATURES OF SOLOMON
EXCHANGES
	 INNOVATIVE EXCHANGE STARTING FROM ASIA PACIFIC EXPANDING
TO EUROPE, USA AND LATIN AMERICA WITH SAFE &SECURE
PLATFORM TO BUY AND SELL BITCOIN THROUGH LOCAL BANK
ACCOUNT.
			 ALLOWING TRADE WITH SEVERAL CRYPTOCURRENCIES WORLDWIDE.
	 LOW EXCHANGE RATE AS COMPARED TO OTHER EXCHANGES
RUNNING WORLDWIDE.
				USER FRIENDLY TRADING PLATFORM WITH EASE OF ACCESS.		
				DESIGNED FOR PROFESSIONAL BITCOIN TRADERS.		
				ROBUST TRADING ENGINE.		
		
			 EXCELLENT MARGIN TRADING, ORDER PLACING, PROFIT LEVERAGE

	PG.	21		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

22		

ROADMAP OF SOLOMON EXCHANGE
		
				 AUGUST 2017: ICO STARTS		
		
				 SEPTEMBER 2017: DEVELOPMENT OF SOLOMON EXCHANGE
	 OCTOBER 2017: USD VOUCHER CODE REDEEM OPTIONS FROM SEVERAL
EWALLET MERCHANTS.
				 NOVEMBER 2017: BETA VERSION OF SOLOMON EXCHANGE WITH FEATURES
1.
REGISTERING NEW USERS
2.
BUY BITCOINS USING CREDIT CARD/DEBIT CARD.
				 DECEMBER 2017: OPTION TO LIST NEW COINS WITH VOTING SYSTEM.
				 JANUARY 2018: TRADE OF BITCOINS WITH TOP 10 CRYPTOCURRENCIES.
	 FEBRUARY 2018: TRADE MONITORING APPLICATION FOR USERS TO
MANAGE THEIR TRADES.
				 APRIL 2018: OPTION FOR LISTING OF ICOS IN EXCHANGE.
				 JUNE 2018: BANK SETTLEMENT OF BITCOINS IN ASIA PACIFIC REGION.
				 JULY 2018: BANK SETTLEMENT OF BITCOINS IN EUROPEAN COUNTRIES.
	 AUGUST 2018: BANK SETTLEMENT OF BITCOINS IN LATIN AMERICA AND
PORTUGUESE AND SPANISH VERSION RELEASE.
				 SEPTEMBER 2018: BANK SETTLEMENT OF BITCOINS IN USA & CANADA.
	 JANUARY 2019: BANK SETTLEMENT OF TOP 3 ALT COINS IN LOCAL BANK
ACCOUNTS WORLDWIDE.

	PG.	22		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO	

23		

CONCLUSION
	 SOLOMON EXCHANGE IS ONE OF THE INNOVATIVE COMPANY GOING
TO LAUNCH ITS FIRST GLOBAL CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE WHICH
HAS FACILITY FOR BANK SETTLEMENT TO SEVERAL COUNTRIES.
	 SOLOMON EXCHANGE IS LAUNCHING ITS ICO FOR CROWD FUNDING
SO AS TO GIVE INVESTORS A UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY TO GET STAKE
HOLDING IN SOLOMON EXCHANGE TOKEN SALE.
	 SOLOMON EXCHANGE IS SUPPLYING 15 MILLION TOKENS OUT OF
WHICH 60% IS RESERVED FOR INVESTORS AND REST 40% IS
RESERVED FOR CORE TEAM.
	 SOLOMON EXCHANGE AIMS TO MAKE THIS EXCHANGE AS WORLDS
TOP RANKING CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE WHICH HAS A TIE UP
WITH MAJOR WORLDWIDE BANKING SYSTEMS THAT ENABLES BANK
SETTLEMENTS OF TOP 10 CRYPTOCURRENCIES WHICH IS NOT
LIMITED TO BITCOIN.

	PG.	23		

WWW.SOLOMONEX.INFO		

1

Token sale
Whitepaper
| Whitepaper
V3.04
| www.SilentNotary.com
| 09/30/2017

SilentNotary is a blockchain-based service for
confirmation of event existence, recorded in digital
format. Communication in messenger, image,
video file, and e-mail can be an event. SilentNotary
converts an event into a legally significant evidence,
excluding the possibility of falsification.

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

2

Content
Introduction

Our Product
Use Cases
User Interfaces

Development of the System
The Roadmap

Token Sale
The Future
Conclusion

3

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

Introduction
Just a few years ago, a solution was found to build a Trust Machine  blockchain
was a fact. The first thing that people began to write down in the blockchain were
records about financial transaction, which everyone would trust, and so Bitcoin
was born.
We live in a world full of distrust. And in case of misfortune, we must prove that
certain facts were in intact.
We use blockchain technology for its intended purpose, trust.
Data about the events that occurred are recorded. There is no more a need to
prove anything, blockchain solves the problem of distrust.
Suddenly we have a way to make the world better and our lives safer, with a
global system of confirmation of events existence!
Blockchain is a sophisticated technology. Bridges are needed between the user
and the technology. These bridges are user interfaces, allowing users to transfer
data to the system about events recorded in any form - photos, videos, chats,
audio recordings or documents.
Now, we have developed all the main interfaces possible for you.

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

4

Our Product
SilentNotary is an ecosystem, which develops around Smart
Contracts, ensuring the evidence of existence and permanence
of certain events.

To achieve the goal of a global solution,
various user interfaces have been
developed, which are as follows:

To promote the product in the global
market, it was necessary to adapt it for
different categories of customers:

1. 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

1. 	
	
	
	

B2C (Business to Consumer): The
simplest interface, understandable to
the common user and can be
integrated with social networks.

2. 	
	
	
	
	
	

B2B (Business to business): License
scheme, corporate accounts
(available in beta version), access
delimitation, and API for integration
with corporate document
management systems available.

Chatbots for Facebook messenger
and Telegram bots are developed
to record information and available in
production and beta-versions.
Chatbots are installed on almost
all smartphones. They are convenient
and common for users. They allow
us to record video, send files, and
communicate with many users in real
time. Obviously, a chatbot with
protocol writing and record of
evidence to prove the existence of
information, obtained during a dialog,
supports the solution of event
proving problem.

2. 	 Web interface (developed and
	
available in beta-version).
3. 	 Mobile applications for Android and
	
iOS Apps are being developed and
	
will be available soon.
4. 	
	
	
	
	

5

Mail-bot has been developed and is
available in production-version. It
is used to certify e-mails and records
written communication with any
number of counter agents.

SilentNotary worldwide market capacity:
B2C: 2,3 billion users.

B2B Sectors:
Insurance companies

11,388
Online media

1,371
Banking insurance

7,987
Construction

43,347

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

Use Cases
During what cases do we need SilentNotary and what can it do
to help? Lets study several examples of legal relations, which
may require delivery of evidence:

1. Performed work, rendered services
It will be easy to record the results at each stage of the process. Just launch the messenger
and send images or video files of the results to the SilentNotary chatbot. You can share the
received link with the employer. By doing so, you will be able to prove the fact that, at that
moment, the work was completed. If the work was not finished within the agreed timescale
or there were deficiencies detected, the employer can do the same and record the problem
in the format of certified images or video. Certified records may be used for preparation of
acceptance, certificates for work performed, or objections to quality and timescale claims.
2. Communication via e-mail
Letters of critical importance can be saved and certified by just adding the SilentNotary
address into the list of recipients. The system certifies the letter content and data from the
mailing servers (RFC-title of the letter). It means that the list of recipients, the fact of dispatch,
delivery, and email routing will be recorded.
3. Offers are made in a digital format
Any company, selling anything via the Internet, makes a public offer to its clients. In this
case, the text of the offer is just published on the website. This text may be changed at any
time. There are many cases that require confirmation of the offer content and the fact of
its publication on the website. Both the seller and the buyer may need it. You can use the
SilentNotary website to certify the documents and the pages, where it was published. Just
send a link to the page, and order a certification of the page content.
4. Website content copyrights
Almost every website shows the users a  symbol. As a matter of fact, placement of the
copyright protection symbol is a meaningless ritual. It is very hard to prove that some
content was present on the website at some time in the past. Just certify the websites
content using SilentNotary if you must need to protect your rights and fight against
plagiarism. Just send a link to SilentNotary, and order a certification of the websites pages
and content. That will be enough. Afterwards, you can publish a link of the certified content,
next to the notice of copyright protection.

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

6

5. Priority of authorship
Code text, picture, story, music... Any intellectual property item, which can be represented
in digital format, is subject to legal protection. SilentNotary cannot replace a patent solicitor,
but it helps to prove precedence in the case of dispute. To certify the item, just send a file
via email to the SilentNotary address, certify it by yourself on the website, or share it in a
message to the chatbot.
6. Agreements
You can record any negotiation and decision taken. Just conduct negotiations through the
multi-chat feature in our chatbot. The chatbot will prepare and certify the conversation
protocol on your command.
7. License agreement
How many times has each of us agreed to the terms of use of some software program? That
said, the text of the agreement is only a text on the website page, which can be replaced
at any moment. If a user violates the terms of the agreement, it is hardly possible to prove
which text was published at the moment the user agreed to it. Send a link of the page with
the agreement to SilentNotary. We will record the fact of publication at a specified address,
date of publication, and content of all the published documents.
8. Whitepaper and other types of public statements
Oftentimes, to refer to someones statement, we should prove that this exact text that
existed in the past, during a certain action was performed. For example, to participate in an
ICO, you should record the whitepaper content and the fact of its publication at the moment
of the transaction. Just send a link of the published document to the SilentNotary website,
and certify the fact of publication, date of publication, and document content.
9. User guides
Financial success of a product manufacturer depends on the accuracy of the user guide and
the fact of its publication on the website. You can certify the page with the publication via the
SilentNotary website by just sending a hyperlink to the page.
10. Evidence gathering from an accident site
In case of an incident (for example, a car crash), an acute need for records of the incidents
circumstances often arises. Just launch the SilentNotary chatbot and send images and video
files of the relevant circumstances.
11. Verbal agreements
It is very hard to prove a verbal agreement in court. Do not risk it. During conclusion of the
agreement, launch the SilentNotary chatbot and record your conversation. The audio file will
be recorded and certified for you.
Usage of SilentNotary service is not limited to the mentioned examples. There may be
a need for evidence in all situations, resulting in rights and duties. We believe that the
users will find a lot of new ways to use our service.
Important! Warning! Usage of SilentNotary service should not contradict local norms, rules and laws. In
case of wrongful use of the service, responsibility for its usage lies with the user.

7

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

User Interfaces
As stated in the previous section, the user interacts with the
service using the following interfaces: chatbots, web, mobile
apps, and email. The working schemes of these interfaces are
presented in this section.

Chatbots
The capabilities of the chatbot are determined by the functionality that the messenger
provides. In addition, during the development of the messenger, these opportunities may
change. Our development plan involves working with all popular instant messengers. For
implementation in the demo version, the Telegram and Facebook messenger have been
selected. At the launch time of the chatbot, the Facebook messenger did not support group
chat. To solve this problem, we implemented a synthetic multitask, allowing the participation
of an unlimited number of users and an unlimited number of simultaneously running multichats. Each of the users communicates only with the chatbot, the chatbot collects two-way
communication in the common multi-chat. The user can now switch between simultaneous
conversations.
Chatbot
Conv 1..k

Prot 1..k
Smart
Contracts

Conv k+1..l

Prot K+1..I

Conv l+1..N

Prot I+1..N

Certified
Protocols 1..N

The service allows the conversations participants to assure the protocol in the blockchain
and store it in the SilentNotary Vault. Archives will be available to users in their own personal
account.

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

8

Web
The scheme of working with SilentNotary through the web is the following: The registered
user drags (drag & drop feature) the file to the appropriate area on the SilentNotary website
or places the link of the file to the webpage that he wants to certify.

www.silentnotary.com
Smart
Contracts

When you save a file or page of a site, an archive is created with the content of the file or
page, the hash value is calculated, user confirmation is requested, the service is paid, the
hash of this archive is deployed into the Ethereum blockchain, and the archive is saved in
the vault. The archive with the hash and the block number is available for downloading in the
users own personal account.

9

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

Mobile applications. Lightstamp technology
During the development of the SilentNotary, it became necessary to determine the time
range of a certified event. Using the hardware capabilities of the smartphones, a solution was
found and the Lightstamp (tm) technology was developed to determine the time interval of
the event recorded with the smartphones video camera and flashlight.
The Lightstamp technology allows the following:
1. 	 Counteracts forgery and any modification of the recorded video facts;
2. 	 Records the time interval of the event (the time of beginning and end of the video); and
3. 	 Provides evidence of a real video-shooting event.
More information about LightStamp Technology will be provided soon as we are registering a
patent.

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

10

Email
The scheme of working with SilentNotary via e-mail is the following: The user sends an email
directly to our mailbot address (go@silentnotary.com) or adds the mailbot address in cc
(carbon copy). SilentNotary creates an archive with the emails details, RFC-title, content, and
attached documents. The hash of the archive is calculated, and then the user is required to
confirm the saving by replying to a message.

To: a@gmail.com

CC: go@silentnotary.com

Smart
Contracts

After the document is saved and payment
for the service is confirmed by the user,
DApp SilentNotary records data hash in
the next block of blockchain Ethereum.

The user then receives a link for the hash transaction. The archive is stored in the repository.
(In the demo version, Google cloud storage is used, and in the main version, the possibility of
using decentralized systems will be considered.) After the operation is completed, the user
will be able to access the saved history in his/her personal account.

11

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

Technical description of the product
The scheme of operation of the service is quite simple. In accordance with various
interactions with the user, an archive is formed, including the date of the event, details of the
document, and the document itself (it can be a file and a protocol of correspondence, among
others).
Web

Chatbot

}

Smart
Contracts

Block
ID

Block
TxHash;0x156..

Hash sd89qn..

Input Data:
Hash sd89qn..

Email

{

Cloud
Storage
Hash sd89qn..
Tx-Hash 0x158..

Next, the hash of this archive is calculated by the algorithm SHA-256, with the help of a
Smart Contract written into the Ethereum blockchain. The archive itself is saved in the cloud
storage. The user receives a hash, which is the result of computing the hash function on the
users archive. The TxHash of the transaction in the Ethereum blockchain and a link to the
document in his/her personal account are then made available.

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

12

Given the known technical features of the Ethereum
platform, we are planning to launch a duplicating
system based on the Universa platform. This
platform should provide high speed and low
transaction costs, which is critical for a service with
micro-transactions.

13

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

Development of the System
The main directions of development
The main problems for the development of the system are the indefinite legal status of the
record in the public stable blockchain and low awareness of potential customers about
the new product. Accordingly, the following strands of work are planned for the successful
development of the system:
1. 	 To develop legal opinions, perform technical and legal expertise, create instructions
	
and ways of using the system, and legal support in case-based litigations with leading
	
legal companies;
2. 	
	

To promote use of the blockchain notary in everyday life, develop recommendations,
and collect and generalize judicial practices;

3. 	
	

To create an ecosystem around the main application. This ecosystem would consist of
service provider organizations, end users, and decentralized applications;

4. 	 We have planned to include public notaries in the ecosystem to organize a remote
	
notarization of the existence of online and electronic documents to cover the
	
maximum range of needs for notary services. For this purpose, it is planned to create
	
a distributed ledger of notaries and organize interaction within the ecosystem. World
	
distributed ledger of public notaries will allow the users to remotely verify the existence
	
of electronic documents in a classical way, but with a more convenient user interface;
	And
5. 	

To advertise and promote services that use the SilentNotary Smart Contract.

These activities are financed by the sale of the system tokens.

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

14

SNTR tokens
The system tokens (hereinafter referred as SNTR or tokens) are issued in a limited number of
1*1012 tokens and are used to organize the interaction among the ecosystem participants.
The main contract for its operation is required by SNTR. Only the SNTR token holder can use
the services of the contract.

The number of SNTR tokens needed to execute the contract are as follows:
Main contract
requirement in SNTR

Rate ETH/USD

Price of witness,
$ USD

Since the service is aimed at rendering its facilities in the real economy, the cost of services
shall be denominated in fiat currencies. However, calculations within crypto-economics are
made in crypto currencies. Compared to crypto currencies, the cost of fiat currencies is
marked by high volatility. The following solution is proposed to resolve the issue of regulating
the cost of services and linking it to the fiat currency: Control the SilentNotary contract
execution costs by changing the basic cost for document certification (serves for recording
the market conditions and competitive environment). Coefficients USD/ETH rate and
certification costs are published on the webpage SilentNotary.com.
For example, as per the calculation formula, if a basic cost of certification equals to 0.5 USD
and USD/ETH exchange rate is 300, the requirement of the contract will be 1 667 SNTR.
For the service of the ordinary user, it is planned to support the creation of independent
service providers and commercial organizations that are acting as intermediaries between
the end customer and the SilentNotary service. To render services, the providers must buy
the SNTR tokens.
These tokens can be obtained in the following two ways:
1. 	 During the token sale, by exchanging ETH for tokens in accordance with the
	
rules of the sale.
2. 	 Exchange from the existing owners in a transaction.

15

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

Lets consider a case were the Smart Contract of SilentNotary is used by a service provider.
License
agreement

Blockchain

Terms &
Conditions

general
Smart contract
Service
provider

Client

Crypto
exchange

The service provider, a company rendering commercial services to end users, submits an
offer (Terms & Conditions) to the user, according to which the user sends certified content to
the provider and pays for the service in-line with the rate (USD).
To provide services to its customers, the service provider uses the main Smart Contract of
SilentNotary under the terms of the license agreement. The use of this contract as a software
product is made for the benefit of the SilentNotary token holders.
To execute the main contract, the service provider needs to transfer a certain number
of SNTR tokens to SilentNotary. As a result of this main contract, the Service Provider will
receive a link to
TxHash and sends it to the user, while the information itself is stored in the Vault and made
available to the user in his/her personal account.

Important!
The aforementioned calculation, its results, and assumptions do not constitute an obligation for a
team to provide potential holders of tokens with some profit. The calculation just
demonstrates the possibility of returning ETH during redemption of tokens in the event that tokens are
not spent by the holder for using the service. Therefore, we do not recommend you to treat the token
as an investment.

The token Smart Contract is used to control the circulation of the tokens. A SNTR
is issued in line with ERC20 standards, which makes it possible to use all the existing
infrastructure and maintain the circulation of the tokens.
After the number of tokens that is necessary for the application are transferred, the tokens
received by the Smart Contract are deposited and, thus, withdrawn from circulation. In the
future, the developers consider a possibility of putting the deposited tokens in circulation,
purely for the purposes of the applications development or its market promotion.

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

16

The Roadmap
This section describes the sequence of steps which we intend
to execute to create an ecosystem based on the main Smart
Contract SilentNotary.

ICO Silent Notary
Stage One (Creating an SPV)
2-3 Months
The first step is to create the legal framework of the ecosystem. To do so, it is
necessary to build a core institution  a non-profit organization. The following are
the main objectives of this organization: to put the service into legal practice in the
main jurisdictions (conducting technical and due diligence reviews, obtaining legal
opinions, establishing the precedence of use, and carrying out legal researches), to
support the organizations that use the SilentNotary service in their work (consultations,
legal support, technical consulting, and grants), and to make the service popular
(advertising).

Stage Two (Service development: Services on UNIVERSA platform, App
on RDE thnology & Services on B2B)
6-8 Months
The second step is to develop the main code of the Smart Contract SilentNotary
(the prototype has been created and is ready for testing). It is necessary to add the
evolution mechanism and carry out a technical audit.

Stage Three (Testing and commissioning)
9-12 Months
The third step supposes the launch of the commercial projects (companies which are
providers of the services) and the activation of the marketing campaign.

17

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

Creation of the SilentNotary foundation
An important stage in the SilentNotary service implementation is the creation of a non-profit
organization, SilentNotary Foundation, which will aim at the development of the SilentNotary
ecosystem (legal status of certification in the blockchain, expertise and introduction in legal
practice). List of tasks of the first stage are as follows:
-	
	
-	
-	
-	
	
	

Registration acts connected with the SilentNotary Foundation  including the choice of
jurisdiction, the choice of the legal entity form, and the choice of the taxation scheme-;
Development of a standard offer for the service users;
Development of the license agreements; and
Legal elaboration of the service model to ensure its correct operation in
various jurisdictions.

This stage will take 23 months. The funds for this stage are written off a special purse with
multi-signatures.

Service development
The second work stage is more focused on the technical challenges, including the expansion
of the available service interfaces:
-	
	
-	
	
-	
	
-	
	
-	
-	
-	
-	
	
-	

Development of the code for the main Smart Contract of the system and activation of
the evolution mechanism;
Development of chatbots for the main messengers, which ensure the functionality
required for the service work;
Further development of the website functionality  dealing not only with separate files,
but also with hyperlinks, saving the structure of the website and its contents;
Development of schemes for accepting payments from service users and the
introduction of a flexible pricing system for services;
Further development of the mail service, for example, file hashing by links;
Development of the API interface;
Improvement of the interface usability;
Development of the code for the main Smart Contract of the system on
the UNIVERSA platform; and
Development of Lightstamp technology.

This stage will take 46 months. The funds for this stage and the next one are written off a
purse at the command of the Smart Contract, which is activated by two team members and
one of the two Escrow agents involved in the project.

Launching
The third work stage includes creation (attraction) of the service providers, final testing of
the service, development of the marketing program, recruitment of the companies working
on the service promotion, and conclusion of the contracts with the key performers of the
program.
This stage will take 23 months. It ends with the commercial launch of the service.
Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

18

Token Sale

Important!
This section is devoted to the issuing and exchange of the SNTR tokens. If the laws of the country you
reside in involve certain requirements that for you, as a potential token holder, or for the process of
tokens acquisition and exchange, we recommend you consult the lawyers with the relevant practice
in your jurisdiction and make a decision about the tokens exchange based on their recommendation.
Besides, we would like to bring to your notice that due to technical organization of token issuing and
exchange, we do not collect, store, or make use of the potential token holders personal data, and,
thus, we cannot control what jurisdiction they belong to and whether the laws of this jurisdiction are
violated. As a result of such circumstances, the responsibility for exchanging tokens in your jurisdiction
rests with you, as the token holder.

19

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

Main characteristics of the Token Sale

10

12

SNTR

Total amount of tokens

10

6.5*

11

Total amount of tokens to sale

Token sale details are as follows:
-	
-	
	
-	
	
-	

The sales period will be divided in 3 phases;
Each phase can last up to 14 days. The sale can be completed ahead of schedule if
the exchange rate reaches its maximum or if all the tokens are sold;
The start date of each phase will be announced in-time by the developers and will be
published on the website and broadcasted in our social media channels; and
Each phase can be extended by the developers, but it will not surpass 14 days.

Additional provisions are as follows:
-	
-	
-	
	

The hardcap is set for 100,000 ETH;.
A hidden cap will be triggered once the hardcap is reached;
All unsold tokens will be transferred to the teams multi-signature-wallet to
provide future development and team bonus.

Sale procedures
In order to purchase tokens during the token sale, you will need to send the required
amount of ETH to the address which will be indicated on the official website www.
silentnotary.com. The address will be published not earlier than 24 hours before the start of
the sale. In response to your investment, STNR tokens will be deposited to your wallet.

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

20

The use of funds raised
The use of wallets with multi-signatures and Escrow.
Raising funds are transferred to a wallet with a multi-signature 3/3. One of the signatures
is Escrow and the two others that are team leaders. Use of funds is done approximately
as follows: 50% will be used for marketing and promotion of innovative products. 20% for
the legal status, experts in different legislations, and introduction in legal practice. 20% for
Research & Development. 10% will be used for staff and operational costs.

Allocation of the Funds
The wallet of token holders
SNTR

ETH

Crowdsale Contract

50%

Marketing and promotion

20%

Research & development

20%

Legal matters

10%

Staff & operational costs

ETH

Multi-sign wallet (3/3)
teams
signature

Escrows
signature

Checklist

Escrow checklist
Escrow is contracted to control the fulfillment of the following liabilities:
1. 	 The return of the raised funds is performed in the case when the minimum required
	 amount is not reached during the token sale. The only permitted way to spend funds
	 from the Development and Marketing Account for Escrow is to return the ETH to
	 token buyers; and
2. 	 The establishment of the non-commercial company (SilentNotary Foundation), whose
	 statutory activity is to introduce legal practice of the technology for providing proof by
	 making entries in the blockchain through SilentNotary Smart Contract, provide
	 the necessary technical and legal expertise, obtain legal opinions, set use cases, conduct
	 legal studies, and provide the following support for organizations that use the
	 SilentNotary service: consultations, legal support, technical support, subsidies and
	 promotion of the service.

21

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

The Future of SilentNotary

We believe that a whole system of services will emerge that will use SilentNotary,
in particular, P2B, B2B, P2P credit systems, real estate management, insurance,
evaluation of physical assets, and more.
In fact, we are currently working on such a project  a system for the transfer of
financial and legal documentation called the DebtBlock Project. These services will
use documents certified by SilentNotary as their basis.
We are willing to collaborate with other teams and projects. If your project needs
solid proofs that certain events or documents took place, we will develop a
convenient interaction interface.
Become part of the revolution and join us in our journey.

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

22

Conclusion

The legal system is the basis of our society. We have come a long way and evolved
from primitive tribes, where the rule of force prevailed, to the modern complex
system of norms, which guarantees the rights to all individuals. The legal systems
continue to evolve, but it cannot keep up with the technological progress. It is quite
inert, which is natural, since any change in the legal system will cause significant
consequences on the entire society.
Obviously, the recently developed technology of data storage in a public
blockchain is ideal to record facts. And the fact that almost every person today
has a smartphone and uses messengers will make this technology accessible
to everyone. The legal system is already beginning to accept blockchain as a
method of trusted data storage, and once its reluctance is finally over, we will
witness a revolution in numerous areas of our life. This will expand our possibilities
significantly.
Business practices will change. Contracts will be signed in messenger apps.
Business procedures will become faster. By recording all the facts, corruption and
fraud will be prevented. We would create a more stable and safe world. We have
developed and keep on developing SilentNotary with zealous enthusiasm.
Yours sincerely,
The SilentNotary team
Reach out to us at hello@silentnotary.com for any inquiries and ideas you may
have.
23

Token sale | Whitepaper | www.SilentNotary.com

White paper

SKINCOIN (SKIN) - Universal Cryptocurrency based on Ethereum for instant
trading CS:GO, Dota 2 skins, and taking bets on e-sports events.

Alexey Zakharov, Igor Solomatin

Version 1.0 (final)

SKINCOIN.org
June 2017
1

Contents

1.

INTRODUCTION.

3

1.1 What are the skins?

4

1.2 How the skins market emerged

4

1.3 The size of the skins market and its trends

5

2.

9

THE SKINS MARKET PROBLEMS AND THEIR SOLUTIONS

2.1 What problems are there in the skins market?

9

2.2 How we suggest to solve these problems

10

2.3. Competitive advantages

10

3.

ICO

13

3.1. ICO Goals

13

3.2. ICO parameters

13

3.3. ICO allocation structure and Marketing:

14

4.

WHY CONTRIBUTE TO SKINCOIN

15

4.1. Roadmap and Development plan

15

5.

SOME TECHNICAL ASPECTS OF THE EXCHANGE SERVICE WITH API

16

6.

TEAM

17

2

1.

Introduction

In the last few years eSports have become extremely popular with the media. The number of
players and fans, prize funds and budgets of competitions have demonstrated a significant
growth. We invite you to take part in this growth with us.
The story begins in 2011, when Valve introduced an opportunity to exchange and trade in-game
items (skins) from the popular CS:GO, Dota 2, and other video games based on the official Steam
trading platform. Very soon skins were not just in-game items, but in fact became an actual
currency: a lot of online services started to accept them as a payment method, exchange them for
real money and other skins, or use them as bets on betting platforms. Thus, the skins market
emerged, and has grown up to more than $7 billion in a few years.
Our main product under this ICO is creating an exchange service with a convenient API for
connecting to the third party websites, so that they can accept payments in SKINCOIN without
having to open and maintain their own stores.
We are creating a platform for immediate exchange of skins for the cryptocurrency, which is a
liquid asset that can be used for further skins speculative trading, replace the turnover of skins on
video game websites and can be used for conversion of the income after trading skins into fiat
money. For that, we need a working capital that will be used to execute the obligations between
a seller and a buyer of the skin, and also a marketing budget to scale the project.
We are an experienced team working in the skins market for many years, we have created and
maintained such projects as Steamtrade.net, Skinwin.com and Case.club. Our advantage is that
right after the ICO, SKINCOIN (SKIN) will be integrated into our and our partners game projects
that include skin trading.
SKINCOIN (SKIN)  tokens are to be released based on the Ethereum blockchain platform.
All proceeds from the release of tokens in the ICO shall be used to finance further development,
support, marketing of new gaming projects: trading platforms and gaming services associated
with items from games like CS:GO, Dota2 and Team Fortress 2.

3

1.1 What are the skins?
Skins are virtual items that can be used in games like Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO),
Dota 2, Team Fortress 2. The term skin is derived from the typical function of these virtual items:
changing the appearance of a players in-game avatar, weapons, or equipment.
For example: below is an image of the stock gun used as a weapon in CS:GO. Players can opt to
replace that stock gun with unique skins of the gun that change the appearance of the gun, as
shown in the images.

CS:GO - Gun without skin and with skin

Note that the skins do not improve the functionality or power of the gun. The skin only changes
the appearance of the gun. Skins play a purely cosmetic role.
As the CS:GO market is the primary one and holds 80% of the industry, we will further focus on
this game.

1.2 How the skins market emerged
The skins market began to grow and develop rapidly after Valve introduced an opportunity to
exchange and sell skins to other players. A player could use the skin in the game itself, by
installing it for his character; sell it on a trading platform or pass it on to another player as a
means of exchange or as a gift via Steams API. A great number of players wanted to profit from
the skins liquidity by selling or exchanging the items as if it was the stock market. Rare and
unique skins acquired a status of collectors skins and now their price may exceed the amount of
$10,000.
Today there are several ways of getting a skin in CS:GO:





Receiving them during gameplay;
Receiving them as a promotional giveaway (often around major CS:GO events);
Trading with other players;
Purchasing skins on a variety of marketplaces.

Not only the opportunity to show off a unique skin in the game made the skins popular, but
also the possibility of using them as a payment method on plenty of video game websites.
4

Originally, it was only allowed to sell the skins on the official Steam trading platform, however
the problem was that it was impossible to withdraw money from the platform. The money
received from selling the skins on Steam could only be used to buy other skins or other games
on the same platform. The problem was solved by many emerging services which offered more
convenient and attractive options of using the skins, thus forming a new market outside Steam.
Besides, an impulse for the skins market development and their popularity was given by various
gaming services. Accepting the skins as a payment method, they soon became popular, gained
their huge loyal audience, increased the demand for the skins enormously and brought this
market to a new level.
This is how it works:

Players deposit a skin at a skin-gaming site by transferring the skin to the skin gaming
site;

They gamble using their deposited skins (or in some sort of internal currency that the
player receives in exchange for their skin);

If they win, theyre paid in additional skins, which they cash out by requesting that the
skin gaming site transfer skins back to the player.

Author: Chris Grove. He is a gambling industry analyst, a partner at Narus Advisors, and senior consultant
at Eilers & Krejcik Gaming1.

1.3 The size of the skins market and its trends
In recent years, eSports games have gained immense popularity and were covered by major
media. The most popular games are CS:GO and Dota 2, they are also the most profitable in the
market. A last major tournament at the National Wide Arena (where the NHL Blue Jackets play) in
1

http://www.esportsbettingreport.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/A-Guide-To-Skin-Gambling.pdf

5

April 2016 generated more than 71 million online views in four days. A huge number of games
and tournaments are broadcasted by streaming services such as Twitch and YouTube.
Each day more than 400-450 thousand people play in CS:GO simultaneously, for Dota 2 this figure
is more than 750-800 thousand people.

On picture illustrated statistic on 2017-06-17_15-00

The number of players and people who have bought these games grows every year. At the
beginning of 2014 there were 26 million of them in Dota2 and only 12 million in CS:GO (according
to ARS Technica). Now, according to Steam Spy, more than 104 million users have installed Dota2
and more than 29 million  CS:GO.

6

Statistic from Steam Spy, look column Owners2

As Narus Advisors reports, the size of
the market amounted to about $7.4
billion in 2016. This is the total sum of
bets made in skins by players all over
the world.
According to Eilers&Krejcik, more than
3 million people have made their bets
on the results of eSports games with
skins worth $2.3 billion during 2015.
Despite the fact that this kind of bets
can hardly be considered mainstream
or
be
compared
with
the
cryptocurrency market, the growth of
the skin gambling market is really
fascinating: more than 300% in 2016
compared to 2015.
The market for skin gambling is
distributed across a handful of
dominant products.
Sportsbook-style betting (wagers on
esports matches) is the largest
vertical. The second most popular is
jackpot-style
games,
essentially
lotteries where players receive tickets
based on the value of their deposited
skins. Simple forms of roulette
games, coin flip games, and blackjack
games make up much of the
remaining turnover.
In terms of market participants, the
skin gambling industry grew quickly
from a handful to hundreds of sites in
the course of a year. The vast majority
of those sites were variations on the
basic jackpot product theme.
Ultimately, we believe the bulk of
handle in the skin gaming industry

2

http://steamspy.com/app/730

7

was generated by roughly fifteen sites.
Google trends proves strong demand in the skins market and the growth of interest in this
market.

8

2.

The skins market problems and their solutions

2.1 What problems are there in the skins market?
In 2011 Valve Corporation launched a service for Steam users to exchange in-game items
for games with built-in economy.
In 2016, the Washington State Gambling Commission demanded that Valve developers
stop supporting gambling related to games items and the Steam platform.
The government organization that manages all gambling activities in the state where
Valve is located said that Gabe Newell's company has until October 14, 2016 to respond
and explain how it is in full compliance with Washingtons gambling laws or it will risk
having the Gambling Commission take additional civil or criminal action against the
company.
According to the press release, the organization contacted Valve in February to find a
solution for the problem of betting skins when users used virtual items, like gambling
chips in a casino, instead of real money.
The legal sports analytical agency published a report on the activities of the largest portal
CS:GO Lounge, which deals with betting on events in e-sports. According to the report,
from January to August 2016, the site has accepted more than 103 million skins worth
about 1 billion dollars. The average total cost of bets on one game was 358 thousand
dollars.
July 13, 2016 Eric Johnson, director of marketing operations of Valve, published a letter
on the Steam website in which he stated that there is no link between Valve Corporation
and online services using Valve's system of exchanging items for their own commercial
purposes. Johnson also said that Valve never received any profit from the actions of such
sites. He added also, that there was no plug-ins for converting skins into real money in
Steam. He said that developers of online casinos used the OpenID API and network calls
similar to those of Steam users to conduct their business, which contradicts the terms of
the Steam Subscriber Agreement. It was announced that Valve was going to send out
warning letters to all identified sites of this kind.
In August 2016, Valve made a newsletter to popular sites that use skins as bets. Some of
the gambling sites switched to skins trading or to bets with virtual currency, not violating
the Steam Subscriber Agreement.
In particular, the largest gambling portal CS: GO Lounge received a ban from Valve on the
skin gambling activity. At the end of September 2016, the portal resumed its activity by
introducing the system of inner currency in the form of coins (points), which does not
violate the policy of Steam.

9

2.2 How we suggest to solve these problems
There is a solution to this problem. A lot of video game websites began to adopt a new business
model by introducing the system of inner currency of coins (points). The skins are exchanged for
a particular number of points and the bets are made not with skins but with points, which
doesnt break the law or the Steam Subscriber Agreement. To use the points on their websites,
one has to first change them into skins in an inner store.
At any time the player can change his points into the skins and withdraw them from the website.
But the changed business model led to another problem in the skins market. The points from one
platform cant be used outside this platform, other sites or exchange services will not accept them.
The value of points outside one particular platform is equal to zero. This adds unnecessary steps
and makes the trading process more complicated.
By introducing the cryptocurrency SKINCOIN into the gaming industry we solve the problem of
convenience and safety when it comes to the gaming services. This will protect all types of gaming
platforms as well as exchange services from Valve claims and blocking of accounts on Steam.
Cryptocurrency SKINCOIN does not qualify as a payment method in the usual sense. This protects
SKINCOIN from claims of the regulatory and other governmental institutions.
For introducing SKINCOIN into the current gaming system we are going to launch a service with
a convenient API for the immediate exchange of skins into SKINCOIN and vice versa. On the
exchange website there will be a huge range of the skins to exchange. By using the API of our
exchanging service, third party websites will be able to accept SKINCOIN as a payment method,
gradually replacing the skins turnover. All the transactions on the gaming websites will be in
SKINCOIN and the website owners wont have to maintain their stores filled with skins to keep
their site efficient.

2.3. Competitive advantages
A lot of cryptocurrencies have been created in the market. Mainly these cryptocurrencies are
offered to be used under one service or product. What is the difference between SKINCOIN and
its equivalents?
SKINCOIN is created to change the current system of video game services and replace the coins
(points) of different gambling services with skins trading operations. This can be done thanks to
an important quality: any skin can be immediately exchanged for SKINCOIN at a stated price
and vice versa. The client will not have to wait for the next suitable contractor to appear for the
deal. Implementation of SKINCOIN as a universal coin for video game websites will greatly
simplify the skins trading process.
We are going to simplify the whole process of interaction with websites by implementing
SKINCOIN as an alternative to points (coins) of different gambling services. Our team has rich
experience in creating and developing trading platforms for in-game items which will be the base
for launching the exchange service of the skins and SKINCOIN.

10

Since 2013 we have launched the following projects:
STEAMTRADE (Steamtrade.net)  trading platform for in-game items from Steam
Supported games: CS:GO, Dota 2, Team Fortress 2.
STEAMTRADE allows to sell items in a few clicks. All purchased items are combined into one
singular trade according to the exchange offer from Steam. Thus the client doesnt have to
approve every single transaction which could suggest great difficulties for wholesale traders. Our
competitors dont have this solution yet.
Daily turnover: 15 000+ transactions.
SKINWIN (Skinwin.com)  gaming platform with different types of games. The bets can be made
with skins and their own points.
Daily turnover: 8 000+ transactions.
CASECLUB (Case.club)  a shop of random skins for CS:GO. The service allows to open the
cases from CS:GO directly on the website and use them in the game at once. This way of case
opening gained great popularity in 2013. Our team was the first one to launch websites
(Case.club (former Countershop.ru), Dotashop.net) for opening CS:GO and Dota 2 cases outside
of Steam. Before that it was only possible to open cases inside Steam.
Daily turnover: 2 500+ transactions.
As you can see, we are not launching the SKINCOIN project from scratch. We already have a lot
of experience in the development and promotion of gaming services as well as a strong team of
developers.
Tokens trading with SKINCOIN is planned to be implemented into the infrastructure of our already
operating projects. This will allow to get the approved infrastructural demand for SKINCOIN
tokens.
The most important competitors of SKINCOIN are:



FIRST BLOOD (http://firstblood.io/)
ROUNDCOIN (http://roundcoin.org/)

Both projects involve creating competitive modes and hosting games with the help of blockchain.
The problem of these competitors is that the decentralized matchmaking (competitive regime
according to which the winning side gets a prize in the form of tokens) doesnt have the
monetization of the leading game services and trading platforms. We, on the other hand, have a
ready backend and are able to launch a similar service in a couple of months. However, the low
monetization of matchmaking services makes us focus on more global issues.
As you can see from the list above  our product is a unique service which has not been
implemented by other market players. Our distinction is that we do not launch a cryptocurrency
for one particular product. We are creating a whole infrastructure for the trading of skins which
includes a big number of various services and monetization possibilities.

11

Potential partners of SKINCOIN:
OPSKINS (www.opskins.com)
A platform for CS: GO skins trading. Potential partner for implementing SKINCOIN.
BITSKINS (https://bitskins.com)
A platform for CS: GO skins trading. Has a possibility to accept payments in BTC. Has its own API
connector. Potential partner for implementing SKINCOIN.
LOOTMARKET (https://www.lootmarket.com)
A platform for CS: GO and Dota 2 skins trading. Potential partner for implementing SKINCOIN.
CSGO (https://csgo.tm/)
A biggest platform for CS: GO skins trading for the Russian market.
SKIN HUNT (www.skin-hunt.com/)
A platform for CS: GO skins trading localized for the Russian market.
CSGODEP (www.csgodep.com/)
A service for matchmaking. A potential partner for implementing bets in SKINCOIN.
We are creating a system in which all the platforms listed above will be able to participate in a
united process of trading. With the help of our API system any platform will be able to quickly
integrate the SKINCOIN trading into their services. This will guarantee the raise of total skins
market liquidity and furthermore will lead to the SKINCOIN price increase.

12

3.

ICO

3.1. ICO Goals
Our idea is to create a platform of immediate exchange of the skins for cryptocurrency which is a
liquid asset that can further be used in a skins speculative trading, replace the skins on gaming
services or be used in conversion of the income received from selling the skins.
To do so, we need the working capital for executing obligations of sellers and buyers of the skins,
as well as the marketing capital which will allow operating the project at scale.
We expect our project to be appealing for the members of the crypto-community, who will be
able to participate in the market growth with their investments, as well as for the members of the
Steam-community, who will take part in building the new market infrastructure.

3.2. ICO parameters
ICO Start Date: 21 June 2017 12:00 UTC
ICO End Date: 21 July 2017 12:00 UTC
Issuance of SKIN Tokens: 1 000 000 000
Token Exchange rate: 6 000 SKINS = 1 ETH.
Minimum transaction amount: 600 SKIN (0.1 ETH)
Maximum transaction amount: 18 000 000 SKIN (3 000 ETH)
Bonuses: in the first two days the participants will get a 20% tokens bonus
Bounty: 12 000 000 Tokens (1,2% of issuance)
Total Sale goal: 100 000 ETH
Minimal Sale goal: 5 000 ETH

Token emission and distribution rules:
58,8% (588 million tokens) will be available to participants;

30% (300 million tokens) will remain in the SKINCOIN Foundation until the official
exchange is launched, the tokens will be used as starting turnover to exchange skins at the market
rate on own current and partners projects, and will be used to form a stable market and for further
development over the next five years. Tokens will be stored on a wallet with multi-signatures;

10% (100 million tokens) will be distributed among team members;

All collected funds shall be received and stored on wallets with multi-signatures.


13

3.3. ICO allocation structure and Marketing:
Marketing

60% (max 60 000 ETH)

Development

20% (max 20 000 ETH)

Scaling the service

20% (max 20 000 ETH)

The biggest part of the attracted funds will be spent on marketing which is necessary to maximize
the coverage of the market with SKIN-tokens. In case of achieving the total sale goal the marketing
budget will be distributed as follows:

Marketing

Youtube advertising (gaming
bloggers and streamers)

10%

Sponsoring eSports
tournaments

10%

50%
20%

Advertising on Twitch,
Youtube-gaming, etc. Streams
platforms
Organisation of eSports
tournaments with a prize
Fund

10%

Advertising on relevant
Internet resources

14

4.

Why contribute in SKINCOIN

The number of issued tokens is limited by 1 000 000 000 SKIN. The additional emission of tokens
is forbidden. All the unplaced tokens are to be destroyed.
After the ICO we plan to implement the payments in SKINCOIN on Steamtrade.net, Skinwin.com,
Case.club, Skin-hunt.com, Csgodep.com. We forecast that these platforms together will offer the
demand of up to 50% of the total cost of the publicly traded tokens.
We forecast to occupy the 10% skins market share (approximately $700 million). Therefore, the
demand for tokens can potentially outpace the value of publicly traded tokens by 20 times.
The purchase of SKINCOIN at ICO gives you an opportunity to enter the infrastructure project
with twentyfold potential value growth at a low cost.
After ICO SKINCOIN will be available for purchase in cryptocurrency exchanges (we are
negotiating with Bittrex).

4.1. Roadmap and Development plan
Our main product under this ICO is creating an exchange service to change skins into SKINCOIN
and vice versa with a convenient API for connecting to the third party websites, so that they can
accept payments in SKINCOIN without having to open and maintain their own stores. We simplify
the whole process of the skins exchange and solve the problem of the exchange speed as well as
significantly expand the range of the available skins.
- In July 2017, we are launching the first decentralized SKINCOIN crypto currency for buying,
selling skins, and gaming services. SKINCOIN will solve the problem of the diversity of domestic
currencies for gambling websites and the lack of real value of coins beyond their limits.
- In July 2017, all our projects (Steamtrade.net, Skinwin.com, Case.club and Dotashop.net) will
begin to use SKINCOIN, which will guarantee the demand for it.
- In August 2017, we launch the main platform for exchanging SKINCOIN for skins. Users will be
able to instantly exchange skins for SKINCOIN and back at any time.
- After the launch of the exchange platform, an API will be developed for receiving and converting
skins in SKINCOIN (SKIN) for third-party websites, related to CS: GO, Dota 2 and Team Fortress 2.
After the API is available for our partners we are going to focus on the partners base enlargement
covered by the budget and our competitive advantages. That will boost our market share and
raise the demand for SKINCOIN.

15

5.

Some technical aspects of the exchange services API

All the platforms that have connected to the API of our exchange service, will get an opportunity
to quickly receive payments and make all transactions with the users in SKINCOIN. The user can
top up his balance on the website and his exchange interface with the inventory will be
downloaded through the API. By choosing the necessary number of items the user immediately
exchanges his skins via our service and we transfer SKINCOIN to the balance of the user on our
partners website. Right after this the user will be able to make all the transactions on the third
party website in SKINCOIN.
The rate of SKINCOIN on trading platforms and exchanges will be calculated as the median stock
market rate of the major cryptocurrency stock markets. The exchange rates of skins will be
updated every 2 hours. This is done to avoid clients risks which has to minimize abrupt changes
of the price.
A special wallet will be created for a convenient storage of SKINCOIN. With its help it will be easy
to transfer SKINCOIN between different trading platforms, stock exchange, exchange points and
game services.

Identification on the exchange platforms will be possible through the Steam account. In fact, the
buyer will be able to buy a skin with SKINCOIN and immediately use it in the gaming process.
Besides, the instructions will be created for the users and our partners, which will thoroughly
describe the opportunities by the SKINCOIN project and how to use them.

16

6.

Team

We have an experienced, well-organized team. Since 2013, we have been creating, developing
and supporting our own highly loaded marketplace and gaming projects in the cybersport area
with a turnover of more than $10 million per year.
Alexey Zakharov (LINKEDIN), Founder
Graduated from Humanitarian institute of Moscow in 2011 as
specialist in Applied Informatics in Economics. Has been working at
Hewlett-Packard, Merlion, Open Technologies. Has a extensive
experience as an entrepreneur. He has launched and brought to
payback more than seven projects in the gaming area related to the
game items CS:GO, Dota 2 since 2013. Alexey is the owner of the CIS
largest platform for monitoring CS 1.6 servers with more than 30
thousand unique users a day. Excellent expertise in grocery sales, marketing, SEO and relationships
with team.

Igor Solomatin (LINKEDIN), Co-Founder, CEO
Graduated from Russian State Technological University MATI in 2009
as specialist in radio and electronics engineering. Had been working
for three years as data center engineer in Lukoil-Inform, 100%
subsidiary of Russian oil giant Lukoil. Has extensive experience in
promoting products of American company Hewlett-Packard in the
Russian market. Successful experience in launching and promoting
Internet projects. Starting from 2013 he has been co-founder and CEO
of gaming projects related to Steam and the market of game items (skins) with a turnover of more
than $1 million per month.

Alexander Kravin (LINKEDIN), leading architect-developer (full-stack)
Graduated from Nizhny Novgorod State Technical University in 2004
with engineers degree in information technology. Highly experienced
java developer with more than 10 years in the field of complicated and
highly loaded systems software development. Developed applications
for telecommunication companies, banks and State structures from
scratch. Since 2015, develops game services, applications for
administration and monitoring. Leading architect-developer of
Steamtrade.net, Skinwin.com.

17

Alexey Bazlov (LINKEDIN), developer (back-end)
Kuban State Universitys graduate with bachelors degree in IT.
Since 2008, he has been developing game servers for online games,
working with the network part, interacting with the client-server,
optimizing the work of high-load projects. Starting from 2012, he has
been working with Steam projects. Developer of the Skinwin.com and
Case.club projects.

Oleg Agayev, developer (front-end)
Graduate of two universities: Lobachevsky State University of Nizhny
Novgorod and Nizhny Novgorod State Technical University. Eight
years of web development experience (full-stack developer). For a
long time he held the position of full-stack developer of a large
corporate b2b portal based on the Laravel and AngularJS
frameworks. Great experience with developing popular gaming
services adjacent to the Steam platform. Platform developer of
Steamtrade.net, Skinwin.com, Case.club.
Hasan Delic (LINKEDIN), designer (UI / UX)
Student of International University of Sarajevo (visual arts and
communications design). Has a great experience of UX/UI design in
eSports industry. Great vision in design of game industry. Creator of
the Skinwin.com, eSportsmate.com, Ninjas in Pyjamas, Escape
Gaming, Luckbox.

18

Supercomputer organized by network mining

sonm.io

1

SONM
(Supercomputer organized by network mining)

Distributed computing power exchange
Decentralized operating system for fog computing

19.05.2017

sonm.io

Reddit

GitHub

Twitter

Telegram

BitcoinTalk

Slack

Facebook

Medium

2

TABLE OF CONTENT
1. Introduction

5

1.1. What is SONM

5

1.2. SONM Use Cases

7

1.2.1. Scientific projects

7

1.2.2. Site hosting

8

1.2.3. Game server use-cases

8

1.2.4. Neural networks projects

8

1.2.5. Rendering video and computer graphics

9

1.3. Cost-efficiency for the end-clients

2. SONM technology

9

10

2.1. IoE, IoT and fog computing

10

2.2. World Computer

11

2.3. World Computer General Architecture / Infrastructure

12

2.4. World computers Infrastructure as a service (WC IaaS)

14

2.4.1. Slave Messaging Framework

14

2.4.2. Slave API

15

2.4.3. The smart contract system

15

2.4.4. SONM Miner-Hub interaction solution

19

2.4.5. SONM Client-Hub interaction solution

21

2.4.6. SONM Blockchain-government Expansion Policy

22

2.4.7. SONM Client-Hub content delivery method

23

2.5. SOSNA in a nutshell

23

2.5.1. What is SOSNA

23

2.5.2. Applications and containerization

23

2.5.3. Slaves & their services

24

2.5.4. Masters and Gateways

25

2.5.5. Grid - Core

26

2.5.6. Intercommunication Services

26

3

2.6. World Computer SaaS and its API

26

2.7. Results verification

26

2.8. Safety and Security

28

2.8.1. Safety for miners

28

2.8.2. Dishonest nodes eliminate

29

2.8.3. Safety for buyers

29

2.9. AI implementation

30

2.10. SONM GitHub repositories

31

2.11. UI and API

31

2.11.1. Example of how the SONM marketplace works

31

2.11.2. Interface prototype

32

2.11.3. API for software developers

33

3. Development roadmap

33

3.1. Modules implementation roadmap:

33

3.2. Dissemination of the development process information

37

4. SONM in comparison to other grid computing projects

38

5. References

41

4

1. INTRODUCTION
1.1. What is SONM
SONM is a decentralized worldwide fog supercomputer for general purpose computing from site hosting to scientific calculations. SONM company is an effective way to solve a worldwide problem - creating a multi-purpose
decentralized computational power market.
Unlike widespread centralized cloud services, SONM project implements a fog computing[1] structure  a decentralized pool of devices, all of which are connected to the internet (IoT / Internet of Everything).
IoT/IoE, as an important part of the available computational power in the world, is one of the key directions of
work for the SONM project. (See further, chapter 2.1)
We use cost-efficient fog computing instead of a costly cloud structure, so there is no more need to pay in advance for private and monopolized cloud computing such as with Amazon, Microsoft, Google Cloud, etc. Moreover, since SONM is fully decentralized, there is no single authority that regulates computing resource distribution.
SONM has a hybrid architecture, and therefore supports any kind of computational task without facing Ethereums
out of gas problem.
From a technical point of view, SONM is a top layer of underlying P2P technologies  BTSync for data transfer,
Cocaine open source PaaS technology as a decentralized computing platform, and Ethereum Smart Contracts as
a consensus system.
There is no central control behind the system and no backdoors or escape hatches. Several existing technologies
were combined and modified by our developers to make new SOSNA technology.
In terms of providing distributed value for investors, SONM uses its own token SNM, based on Ethereums blockchain. (click to read SONM token description in Business Overview).
Almost every online service needs computational power for their product, including websites, online shops,
MMORPGs, companies using large databases, and apps. Everyone in the world using the internet for business will
have an option to use SONMs tokens in order to solve their computing power issues. Moreover, all internet users
will be able to use SONM to receive passive income by providing their computational resources for rent.
This disruptive migration from centralized cloud computing to decentralized fog computing will not happen quickly: it will be a long transition, but the results will be positive. SONM token price calculations show decent ROI for
the projects early adopters.
SONM token price is supported by stable market demand for computing power and ability to provide more competitive prices than traditional cloud computing services. SONM token holders earn a percentage from transactions and operations fees (buy-sell-develop). It is a direct analogue of holding shares and receiving dividends from
operational profit.
If you are a miner or computational power owner, SONM is a great resource of using your equipment for calculations and processing real tasks.
SONM fog computing platform is a fresh start for solo mining. There are lots of miners with GPU mining farms
that have become useless due to the increased Proof-of-work mining difficulty (even for altcoins). In recent years,
being a part of a mining pool has been the only way to guarantee profit from mining. But even in the process, this
profit is so small that it often does not cover the cost of electricity spent for PoW mining.

5

SONM platform is the efficient solution for miners. (click to read chapter Goverance in BO)
With SONM you will stop burning your kilowatts for PoW mining and start serving calculations for everyone
in the network. For those who are confused by the difficulty bomb or Ethereum (and many others) PoS-migration - each miner is suggested most profitable applications and tasks for their hardware. CPU, GPU,
ASIC, and even gaming consoles and smartphones can be used for SONM fog computing. All you need to
do is to set up a mining client application and run it.
SONM is a Multi-agent system, so each user will able to use intelligent agents and smart-contracts to
maximize profit. You can set your automatization level by choosing each project manually with one-click
settings. The SONM system will then automatically pick the most profitable project for your equipment,
work with it and receive payouts to your personal Ethereum address.
SONM is easy to setup and use, both for miners and computing power buyers. There is no need to have
advanced IT skills or to hire an IT specialist if you use SONM  our self-learning system finds the most
profitable task for miners equipment (and vice versa for buyers). The network also runs this task with no
need to set up and support a dedicated server.
SONM is Self-learning and totally safe for its users. Our system supports anonymity tools like proxy, VPN
or TOR, but it cant be used as a hacker dream toolkit. Intelligent agents are able to self-educate using
neural networks and keep malicious users out of the system, while at the same time providing the most
efficient task solution - both for miners and computational power buyers.
SONM computing power exchange is the free market, so malicious hubs and users will shortly be ignored
by buyers and miners due to their bad reputation. (link to 2.8 Safety and Security)
We expect SONM to be the smartest, cheapest and largest decentralized computing system with strong
rules regarding morality and loyalty. This is largely due to SONMs reputation system and self-learning
intelligent agents.
SCHEME OF THE NETWORK

Miner

Miner

Miner

Miner

Worlds
Hubs
Servers

Buyer

Buyer

Buyer

Buyer

Buyer

Buyer

Buyer

6

1.2. SONM Use Cases
We have experience with the limitations of BOINC itself  it is scientific software and supports only C++/
FORTRAN/Python, therefore it is not flexible. We started using more advanced solutions like Cocaine and
Docker container (which support more languages, including Java, Node.js, Go and etc.) We decided that
we will go the other way, and will focus more not just on the distributed calculations field like BOINC does,
but more on fog computing. This way, we can build a more universal platform not only for scientific calculations. The flexibility of the SONM platform and its multi-purposeness is knit to PoE for non-deterministic
task which is a unique technology owned by SONM (Proof of Execution).

1.2.1. Scientific projects
SONM network can be used to run essential scientific calculations requiring massive computing
power, for example:
 drug development
 modelling
 meteor trajectory modelling

 bioinformatics
 aerodynamic calculations

 social statistics
 climate predictio

There are several major areas where large computer capacity is needed.
Usually in case of computationally-intensive methods, or (and) tasks with huge input data requirements.
Molecular dynamics and quantum mechanics are examples of such kind of computationally-intensive
methods. Molecular dynamics is a computational experiment to study small molecules behaviour and
intermolecular interactions. The largest computer power is required to model the interaction between new
medicines and biological targets.
Molecular dynamics is also helpful in studying the fermentation mechanisms. Relevant programmes are
carried out to model the enzymes behaviour depending on temperature, presence of solvent, pressure and
another parameters. The system complexity is proportional to the number of modelled particles and also
to complexity of their representation.
For example, the system complexity and estimated time will grow exponentially, along with increasing of
protein amount, modelled system volume (the number of water molecules around proteins) and complexity of water models. However, molecular dynamics is based on the using the methods and approaches of
molecular mechanics, and does not take into account the quantum effects.
Therefore lets see another example of such methods use. The quantum mechanics and chemistry methods allow now to model just small systems, but give the opportunity to model molecular biological system
with maximum accuracy.
Moreover, when medicine development also needs various methods to model the exodus of pre-clinical
tests. For example, metabolism modelling, adsorption modeling, toxicity (ADME/Tox) modeling. Such kind
of methods are most effective when they achieve chemical compounds in correct operation with large
spaces.They should be able to reach hundreds of billions connections in a single database.
The personalized medicine methods development is example of using the project in bioinformatics.
To fulfil such kind of tasks we need to process the huge amount of data for each patient - genomic data
(genome is the collection of all patients genes), proteomic data (proteome is set of all human proteins),
transcript data (transcript is full RNA-set), as well as study of their combination and creating dynamic

7

metabolism models for any human pathology. Nowadays, there are huge efforts to create interactive models of organs and whole the human organism. These models are supposed to model the complex direct
impact on the biological targets set. Selection of such targets and combinations for medicines should be
maximally individualized to reach the greatest effectiveness of therapy and to minimize any side effects.

1.2.2. Site hosting
The SONM network can be used to host websites without depending on centralized cloud services (AWS / Azure / Google Cloud etc) or hosting providers. We use Cocaine open source PaaS
technology to implement virtual machines recognized as servers, with IPFS and other decentralized data storage solutions as an underlying layer.
Website owners can also use our code snippets on their websites to collect payments in SONM or Ether
tokens and automatically pay for hosting, according to market value.
It is important to look into TOR operation (The Onion Router). TOR uses pseudodomains .onion, domain
names look like this http://o3shuzjrnpzf2aiq.onion/
Domain names in the .onion domain are generated based on an open random key server and consist of 16
symbols. These websites are actually not websites at all, but are in fact so-called hidden services. SONM
is going to implement such services, of which one application could be hosting websites. Storage and
operation will be decentralized.
Realization will be in the form of free access to service data from the internet, or similar to the TOR system, limiting the access. The structure of the service depends directly on the application running in the
container.
In the address bar the service may look like name,site.sonm or probably just %name%.sonm (which would
be the name of the service that finds a hidden node using the locator and loads the website). This can be
used for additional identification of services on the SONM network and granting them additional properties.

1.2.3. Game server use-cases
There are lots of MMO games using in-game currencies. Our technology offers a solution for
deploying game servers in the SONM network. Furthermore, game currencies can be easily
exchanged for SONM tokens and back using our out-of-the-box solution.
In addition, gamers can support their favorite game servers by providing their computing resources in
exchange for tokens or in-game currency. In example, Quake dedicated server looks like a fully tuned and
setted up, ready-to-play, platform-independent docker container.

1.2.4. Neural networks projects
Machine learning algorithms, in particular neural networks, are a powerful technology that has
become more and more prevalent in the recent years; machine learning, powered by neural networks that emulate the work of the biological brain, is the true way in which computers can be
empowered to act like humans, and sometimes even transcend human abilities. Since the main
application areas of ML are sight and speech recognition, translation, prediction and data analysis, it is
not surprising that this technology is becoming part of many services. Projects on neural networks require
huge computing power for their deployment, training and tuning. The SONM system represents an economical and efficient solution for the implementation of machine learning algorithms and neural networks.
Designing the architecture of deep neural networks and the testing process in retrospect to solve the tasks
posed has a number of problems, some of which SONM is ready to solve.

8

Modern personal computers (for example, Core i5, 8Gb RAM) allow for a comfortable time to train neural
networks on samples within tens of thousands of examples, with the dimensions of input data up to several hundreds. Large samples are a task for these deep networks, which are taught on multiprocessor GPUs
for the implementation of convolutional and recurrent networks, various activation functions (semilinear,
sigmoidal, softmax) and an algorithm for back propagation of the error.
You can use SONM not just to speed up the learning process and improve the learning quality, but also to
guarantee quality of the working network, pre-learning the network or algorithm as a predetermined setting.
Using the SONM system you can speed up the algorithm treating processes for pre-computing of data
such as:
 task-independent - PCA, LDA, Kernel PCA
 picture treating - SIFT, SURF, CHoG, WAVELETS
 sound treating- DFT, FFT, MEL cepstra
 text treating - ITF-DF, N-grams

1.2.5. Rendering video and computer graphics
Rendering CGI can be distributed over the SONM network between a large number of computing
devices and can be processed very quickly (in a matter of minutes).
We provide much faster processing for Buyers (Clients) CGI computing projects due to SONMs
infrastructural flexibility. Compared to one K80 NVIDIA unit rental from Amazon (for example, for 10
hours), a buyer can use the SONM network to rent 600 K80 NVIDIA units with a total task processing time
of 10 minutes for each of them. It allows for use of more efficiently distributed architecture and parallel
computing.
Unlike cloud computing services, SONM can provide buyers any rental time, any computing architecture
and any computing network structure.

1.3. Cost-efficiency for the end-clients
Using the SONM platform will provide beneficial conditions due to a few important factors:
 Lowering the bandwidth costs
 Willingness of miners to use their hardware
 The market will be saturated with new sellers of computational power, which will facilitate a
drop in prices
 The lack of centralized servers which require additional infrastructure costs to maintain

9

2. SONM TECHNOLOGY
Nowadays the popular Internet of Things concept[2] (IoT) gives way to the new emerging concept called
Internet of Everything (IoE).
Internet of Everything is the unification of all computing resources of humanity. It has core differences
with currently widespread centralized cloud computing technology.
In order to develop a system implementing this disruptive idea, the SONM team used the most efficient
and proven P2P, distributed computing and blockchain technologies.
SONM is not a monolith product, its a top layer built on underlying protocols and technologies: Ethereum,
BTSync, Docker, Cocaine, etc.
(By the way, Bitcoin creator(s) also combined existing technologies (cryptography, P2P nodes network, git,
Proof-of-work concept, etc) to bring a brand new independent decentralized currency/payment system to
the world.)

2.1. IoE, IoT and fog computing
Before describing the future World Computer architecture we need to mention some details regarding
IoE, IoT and fog computing concepts.
Nowadays, the concept of Internet of Things (IoT) is commonly known.According to the IoT concept, Thing
is any natural or artificial object able to have an IP address and transfer data over the network.
Internet of Everything (IoE) represents further development of IoT concept: Cisco defines the Internet
of Everything (IoE) as the networked connection of people, process, data, and things. The benefit of IoE
is derived from the compound impact of connecting people, process, data, and things, and the value this
increased connectedness creates as everything comes online.
IoE is creating unprecedented opportunities for organizations, individuals, communities, and countries to
realize dramatically greater value from networked connections among people, process, data, things[3].
This definition emphasizes a very important aspect of IoE, which distinguishes IoE from IoT: namely, the
so-called network effect, formulated by James Macaulay from the Cisco IBSG consulting department.
The term network effect refers to a decentralization of organizations included in IoE.
These kinds of decentralized systems are being developed by groups of so-called crypto-anarchists
(people implementing decentralized P2P systems using cryptographic methods[4]). A way to implement
the IoT will be presented in the form of our own operating system, built on CoreOS implementing SONMs
functionality. Any device can support such a system and when connected, can act as a computational unit
for the SONM fog.
Furthermore, in this document we are referring to decentralized organizations of computing machine resources, and not decentralized human organizations. Most of the data in the current IoT state of development is being processed by private centralized clouds - i.e. using cloud technologies, like AWS, Microsoft
Azure, etc.
Centralized cloud technologies have several weaknesses and cant be used in IoE.
Some Things in IoE can create massive amounts of data. Cisco gives the example of the jet engine, which creates
about 10 Terabytes of its activity data in 30 minutes.
10

Transferring this data to the cloud, and receiving the results of data processing, requires adequate network
bandwidth, takes significant amounts of time and can have delays.
Furthermore, private centralized cloud systems potentially can be compromised, influenced from the outside, attacked or have failures, and also have lower computing power than fog computing solutions.

How can these problems be solved?
Fog Computing shifts the cloud computing paradigm and moves it to the lower level of the network.
Instead of processing some task using the cloud, we can use all the devices surrounding us: personal
computers, smartphones, even coffee makers and traffic lights.
Ciscos Ginny Nichols originally coined the term Fog Computing. The metaphor comes from the fact that
fog is a cloud that is close to the ground, and thus fog computing concentrates processing at the edge
of the network. In Fog computing, data processing and applications are concentrated in devices at the
network edge rather than existing almost entirely in the cloud. That concentration means that data can be
processed locally in smart devices rather than being sent to the cloud for processing[5].
Thus, instead of centralized cloud solutions, we can use fog computing systems, getting the computational power of every internet-connected device, with decentralization advantages like independence from any
centralized service and full protection against possible failures, etc.

2.2. World Computer
The so-called computing fog is the layer of computational resources able to process some kind of task.
However, aside from computing fog, the system also involves its users setting computational tasks, and
some middleware distributing these tasks among the fog resources, which then returns the result of the
calculations.

This system is called World Computer.
The first mention of the World Computer term was in Vitalik Buterins project Ethereum. It is implemented
using blockchain technologys ability to include executable code into transaction blocks, so every miners
machine automatically executes this code.
Thereby, Ethereum in fact is the World Computer working like a Turing Machine[6], with blockchain used as
a state register tape.
This also implies that due to the fact that every program must be run on every machine in the Ethereum
network, it is very costly and only a limited range of tasks can be run using this platform.
TURING MACHINE

11

There are other projects which are developing a decentralized world computer (Golem, iEx.Ec and others).
It is important to note that all of them are being implemented using the same principles as Ethereum. They
also have the same problem: excessive parallelization leading to high costs of operations. This is caused
by the absence of any control centers managing task processing in real time that can stop it after receiving the desired result. This in turn leads to running parallel/asynchronous processes.
In fact, these projects cant provide the functionality which any usual personal computer has nowadays.
The SONM team has much experience developing a World Computer functional concept able to process
any task, up to the standard of a fully functional computer.
SONM SCHEMATIC

P2P-message

M-A-S

e.t.c

2.3. World Computer General Architecture / Infrastructure
The architecture of a single computer is the presence of standard components
such as CPU, Motherboard, BIOS, Bus, Hard Drive, GPU, RAM memory, etc For our
world computer architecture, we decided to follow the modular way all the personal computers are built.

12

FIGURE: SONM WORLD COMPUTER IMPLEMENTATION SCHEME.
Consider the details of this world computer architecture implementation figure. As you can see, this architecture includes lots of linked elements.

Clients

P2P message bus

Plugins
inputs

Processor/HUB

Data flow

Message flow

P2P message bus

BIOS/Blockchain

Data flow

Miners fog

World computer in the scheme has similar elements: CPU, BIOS, bus for data exchange, plugins board
(connectable devices), peripheral devices, graphics card, etc.
Hard disk drive analogue will be implemented using decentralized data storage solutions: IPFS (InterPlanetary File System), Storj, Sia, etc.
The first component of the system is the processor.

13

SONM world computers processor is represented by the set of independent hub nodes distributing tasks,
assembling calculations results, keeping statistics and providing uninterrupted operation of the system.
Each hub node on the figure is equivalent to the processors core (but is not equivalent to the processor).
There can be an unlimited number of hubs, and they can be easily included and excluded from the system.
Hubs do not process calculations directly, but rather they represent a very important part of the system,
providing management and support (just like a computers processor regulates and controls the operation
of GPU, and is able to process sophisticated high-loaded parallel computations).
Hubs are implemented using Cocaine gateway nodes.
The next element of the system is equivalent to a PCs GPU. It is comprised of fog computing miners processing tasks computations in the SONM system.
The communication bus for transferring data and messages in the network is represented by P2P101
Whisper modified in FUSRODAH communications module protocol of messaging between Sender (Node)
and Watcher (worker) machines will be implemented
msg := whisper.NewMessage / whisper.Watch
https://github.com/sonm-io/Fusrodah
Buyers are equivalent to PC peripheral devices, usually used for information input.
The plugins board allows the system to constantly expand and gain power by connecting to external compatible networks, for example, any Grid network.
BIOS is an important part of the SONM system, represented by an Ethereum blockchain in our decentralized computer model. As we mentioned earlier, Ethereum systems offer high reliability, but perform only
basic operations due to its architecture - this is why Ethereum is the most suitable candidate for the world
computer BIOS.
Finally, as we know, PC itself is not worth anything without an operating system. Our global computer also
requires an OS, and we have it ready.

2.4. World computers Infrastructure as a service
(WC IaaS)
In the previous section we looked at the overall architecture of the system.
The infrastructure part of the system is handled by a messaging framework and a smart contract system
(Blockchain government)

2.4.1. Slave Messaging Framework
Currently, the messaging framework is represented by the Slave messaging protocol. (https://github.com/
cocaine/cocaine-core/wiki/protocol)

14

2.4.2. Slave API
Common types
Object

::= <Number> | <String> | <Tuple> | <Map>

Tuple

::= ([<Object> [, <Object>]...])

General format
Every message is a MessagePack-ed tuple of three fields:
ChannelID
MessageID
Message

::= <Number>
::= <Number>
::= (<ChannelID>, <MessageID>, <Tuple>)

Message ID is a service slot number youre going to call. Every service has its own set of slots which can
be inspected by resolving this service via the Locator. Channel ID is a way to multiplex multiple data flows
inside a single TCP session. Channel ID is generated by the caller. Tuple is a slot-specific payload.
The usage of Slave will be covered more thoroughly in coming versions.

2.4.3. The smart contract system
The set of protocols described in this section is one of the main contributions of our project. The goal of
those protocols is to glue the whole system together and enable trustless but secure interaction of the
participants.
We understand that even small flaws in the protocol design may have negative impact on the system integrity, so we decided to invest resources to formally specify and analyze possible participant interactions.
We use applied pi-calculus [7] for high-level but rigorous protocol description. The specification is still work
in progress and we consider integrating automated game-theoretic analysis later.
The pi-calculus is a minimal language for describing systems of processes that communicate on named
channels, with facilities for dynamic creation of new channels. We use it here without defining it formally,
you may refer to [8] for more information.

2.4.3.1. Blockchain government
Blockchain government is an organization (speaking metaphorically) consisting of a court, a DAO, a registry, a factory of enterprises (and an example of said enterprise).
The point of a blockchain government is to provide a simultaneous work process for all enterprises registered in such a system, motivating them to pay taxes to the DAO of a higher order, receiving court protection for their enterprise in exchange, as well as protection against unfair partners in the market. SONM
uses the following scheme for smart contracts to realize the pattern of a blockchain government:

15

https://github.com/sonm-io/Contracts-scheme

migrations

RegApp

DAO

(React.js)

HubWallet
Factory

Whitelist

PayoutApp
HubWallet

Smart contract prototypes can be found here: https://github.com/sonm-io/Forge

Structure of contracts:
1. Migrations(Standard)
2. Sonm Token
3. DAO(Standard)
4. Hub wallet factory
5. Hub wallet
6. Whitelist prototype
7. RegApp (Simple React/Webpack App to work with hub registrations)
8. PayOut App (already implemented for DD@H project) https://github.com/sonm-io/drugdiscovery-token

Abstract
Outline of the smart-contracts system which will be implemented in SONM network is presented. More
info about network and contracts interaction can be found in the whitepaper

Simple Data flow
HUB
Before the hub starts paying out tokens to miners and receiving payments from buyers, it must create a
hub wallet  a simple contract with a fixed amount of frozen funds. If hub is caught on cheating, DAO can
initiate the process of blacklisting this hub and expropriate its frozen funds.
Those expropriated funds will also be frozen at the DAO account for some specified time. This is to protect
against malicious decisions of the DAO: tokens can drop in price during freeze, therefore there is no motivation to raskulachivat (expropriate) every hub

16

SNM := !( *({approve, addr_from, addr_to, val}). _
	
| *({transfer, addr, val}) . _
	)
DAO := *
	
Hub(wallet) := wallet<{deposit}>.
	
( Buyer({x : SNM}) . _
	
| _ . Miner<{x : SNM}> . Hub(wallet)
	
| DAO(x) . if x == STOP then wallet<{withdraw, val}>. DAO<{freeze, val}>. ()
	)
	
| wallet<{setup}>. (ip) . !HubPool<{set, wallet_addr, ip}>. _ . Hub(wallet)

HUB FACTORY
Hub wallet can be created only by a Hub wallet factory (which is actually a simplified replication factory),
which creates a new hub wallet contract and registers it in the whitelist contract.
HubFactory := (hubWallet). Whitelist<register hubWallet>. (Hub(hubWallet) | HubFactory)
WHITELIST
Whitelist contract is a registry contract containing info about hubs and their statuses. All hub wallets created by hub wallet factory are registered in this contract. It is supposed to be simple registry with a special
mapping for trusted hubs. Initially, trusted hubs will be checked by SONM developers manually / official
SONM hubs. Later, its supposed to be also a rating list  everyone could check the hub and rate it (betting
some amount of SONM tokens to prevent rating fraud).
WhiteList := HubWallet({eth_addr, deposit})
	
. (hub). ( HubFactory<{register, hub}> . _
		
| DAO({deregister, hub}) . _
		
| HubWallet({freeze}). _
		)

REGAPP
As REGAPP we use the React.js application which is simple web application (web-page) with the purpose
of user friendly hub registration process.
PAYOUT APP
Payout App is an application to process miners token payout mechanism operations. For now it is implemented to work with the BOINC statistic mechanism.

2.4.3.2. Example of usage of a hub-wallet contract
Abstract
Before hub starts paying out tokens to miners and receiving payments from buyers  it must create a hub
wallet  a simple contract with a defined amount of frozen funds. If hub will be cheating  DAO could initiate process of blacklisting this hub and expropriate frozen funds from it.

17

Those expropriated funds will also be frozen at the DAO account for some specified time. This is to protect
against malicious decisions of the DAO: tokens can drop in price during the freeze. Therefore, there is no
motivation to expropriate every hub.

Logic
Contract logic
The contract exists in 4 states - Created, Registered, Idle, Suspected (+Punished)
When the contract is created, the constructor function designates the addresses of the DAO, the factory,
the whitelist, the wallet owner and a few other variables, such as the length of the payout period (which is
currently set at 30 days). The payout period is a period of time during which the hub can conduct payouts
to miners, but cannot take the entire balance for itself.
In the Created state the contract can be registered on the whitelist, freezing a set amount on its balance
(1 SONM token). This is designed to circumvent a situation like this  the hub first deposits 0.00000001
SNM, registers the contract, and then deposits the main sum of 100 SNM  the first amount is fixed. Furthermore, the time of registration is recorded when the contract is registered in the whitelist.
After the contract has been registered in the whitelist, it becomes Registered, in which state it has access
to the transfer, payday, suspect functions. Lets take a closer look at them in order.
Transfer function
This function enables the contract to conduct payouts to the hub miners. It works as follows: first a lock
Fee - is designated, a percentage of the payout which will be locked for the payout period. The default value of it is 30%. Then a limit is set (the total amount of frozen funds + the frozen amount from the registration + the percentage for this particular transaction) and the balance is checked  if the balance is below
the limit, this particular transaction is not conducted, if everything is in order  the frozen percentage is
added to the total amount of frozen funds and the contract invokes the Approve function (details below)
towards the miner. The explanation of why the process is done this way is given in the PayDay portion of
the description.
Approve function
This function does not move the tokens to the miners wallet, but permits the miner to conduct this transaction on his one. This prevents the hub from registering a wallet in the system while conducting the
payouts through a separate wallet because the miner is waiting for approval from this particular wallet.
Approve is a standard function. (standard ERC20).
PayDay function
This function sets the contract state from Registered to Idle. This function checks the registration time
against the current date and thus can be invoked only at the end of the payout period. If this condition is
met, it transfers 0.5% of the frozen funds to the DAO wallet, after which it unlocks all the frozen funds and
sets the contracts state to idle. In this idle state the contract can move all the funds back to the owners
wallet or register the contract again in the whitelist. During the idle state the hub cannot conduct payouts
or be dismantled.
Thus, if the owner can move the funds from the hub to his personal wallet he can do so in two ways  do it
in accordance with the rules, wait until the end of the payout period, pay the DAO 0.5% of the frozen funds
and move the rest to his wallet; or he can cheat and move all the funds using the transfer function under
the guise of paying miners, but in this case 30% of all funds will stay frozen +1 SNM. Such a system motivates the hub to act in compliance with the rules.

18

The contract also has the Suspected and Punished conditions. In the Registered state  the state when the
contract can be registered in the whitelist  the DAO and only DAO can invoke the suspect function, thus
setting the contracts stats to suspected  suspected of being malicious. This function blocks all funds on
the contracts wallet for 120 days.
In the suspected state the following functions can be invoked by the DAO exclusively:
Rehab function
This rehabilitates the hub, removes all fund freezes and set the contract state to idle. Can be invoked at
any time.
Ban function
This can only be invoked by the DAO committee after 120 days have passed since the contracts state has
been set to suspected. Then all frozen funds of the contracts get sent to the DAO wallet, in which the contract state is set to punished, and the owner of the contract is blocked from conducting further operations
using this wallet.
HubWallet := Hub({deposit}) .
	
. Hub({setup}). _ . WhiteList<{eth_addr, deposit}>
	
!( Miner({transfer}). _
	
| DAO({payday}). _ . (val : SNM) . Miner<{fee, val}>
	
| DAO({suspect}) . _ . ()
	
| DAO({rehab}) . _ . WhiteList<{freeze}>
	)
Miner := !HubPool<select>
	
. HubPool({wallet_addr, ip})
	
. (Hub_channel(ip)) . _

2.4.4. SONM Miner-Hub interaction solution
Lets consider the process of SONM miners and hubs communicating when they need to establish mutual
cooperation (i.e., the first phase, when the miner hasnt decided yet whether to participate in computations
and receive tasks from the hub or not).
First, SONM hub administrator sets up an Ethereum smart contract containing SONM tokens used to pay
miners for computations.
Then, the ethereum address of this smart contract, address of pool administrator and hub IP are recorded
on a special SONM smart contract Hubs Pool List.
Hubs pool list includes unconfirmed (unverified) hubs and verified hubs (i.e., listed in the hubs whitelist).
The whitelist will be managed by members in the Decentralized Autonomous Organization. In any case,
hub information in SONM smart contracts includes the address of the hub owner, the address of the hub
wallet and the hub IP. In case of IP or wallet address change, the hub owner can change the hub record.
Therefore, SONM hub records the address of smart contracts containing the funds used to pay miners for
computations (so miners can check the existence of these funds) and registers basic information about
itself, including the address of the owner and IP.

19

Then, SONM hub agent starts broadcasting to the network using P2P messenger protocol, sending a
broadcast message about itself in the format: IP, hub owner address, wallet address, hub name.
The agent on the miners side listens to the channel, receives data messages from the hubs, and then
makes a request to the Hubs Pool List smart contract to compare the data from the hub messages with
data in hubs whitelist. The miner may customize agent settings to accept messages from all servers or
only from proven ones listed in the Hubs Pool List.
After that, miners blockchain agent requests information about the contract-wallet of the hub, amount of
funds in the hubs wallet and recent transactions of the wallet.
An intelligent agent checks the received data to compare it with conditions set by the miner. Are there sufficient funds in the hub wallet? Are hub payments to miners regular? What is the average amount of tokens
paid to miners by this hub?
Then, P2P messenger agent send a direct message to the hub to request additional meta-data, and records full information about the hub in its hubs list with a not confirmed mark.
FLOWCHART OF MINER-HUB
MESSAGES EXCHANGE:
P2P - MESSAGES
BLOCKCHAIN

INTERNET

HUB

Hub list
Owner wallet, IP

IP, name, description,
wallet addres

Hub wallet
History
Checking that he is
registered in
blockchain

Hub list

Miner

Checking that the
wallet exists and
transactions art being
carried out

Own table of hubs
status
(trust/fake)

Hub wallet

Asks other mines
in the channel
about reliability of
hub

20

At the same time, the P2P messenger agent constantly broadcasts question messages to the common
miners data channel for information about the hub, the average amount of reward paid to them, and so on.
Other miners agents broadcast positive answer messages to the channel if hub information in the question message is correlated with their information, or negative answers, if they believe this hub is malicious
or not reliable.
If a miners agent receives a sufficient amount of confirmations from the network, the hub receives
checked status in the miners hubs list. If the transaction received by the miner from this hub corresponds to the original agreement, the status of this hub changes to safe.
After that, depending on the settings of miners software, a miner can either manually select a hub to connect and perform computing tasks, or a miners agent can automatically select a hub offering maximum
profit and connect to it.
Then, P2P messenger agent send a direct message to the hub to request additional meta-data, and records full information about the hub in its hubs list with a not confirmed mark.
At the same time, the P2P messenger agent constantly broadcasts question messages to the common
miners data channel for information about the hub, the average amount of reward paid to them, and so on.
Other miners agents broadcast positive answer messages to the channel if hub information in the question message is correlated with their information, or negative answers, if they believe this hub is malicious
or not reliable.
If a miners agent receives a sufficient amount of confirmations from the network, the hub receives
checked status in the miners hubs list. If the transaction received by the miner from this hub corresponds to the original agreement, the status of this hub changes to safe.
After that, depending on the settings of miners software, a miner can either manually select a hub to connect and perform computing tasks, or a miners agent can automatically select a hub offering maximum
profit and connect to it.

2.4.5. SONM Client-Hub interaction solution
Clients (buyers) interaction with SONM hubs is similar to the miner-hub agents interaction, with a difference in intellectual agent results parsing, which for buyers prefers the hubs with the lowest computations
price (and vice versa for miners). Buyers will most likely use the Application Pool (described in the section 2.8.3.), than Hub Pool smart contract.
Buyer creates a task and deposits funds to the hubs smart contract wallet to pay for the job. When the
buyer receives the calculations result, he confirms the transfer of money using the smart contract;s function (similar to Multisignature Wallet).

21

FLOWCHART OF CLIENT-HUB INTERACTION PROCESS:
(Some intermediate messages in the flowchart are omitted)

BUYER

P2P & BLOCKHAIN

HUBS & MINERS

The raw file
Post a job offer,
price, etc

Search of application
software, the
calculation of power,
check the wallet

The calculation of
intended costs,
registration in Torrent

Agreement

Money is deposited in
the wallet of hub
Hub creates the task of
downloading and calculation
of the parts of the file.

User downloads
the file, money is
sent from deposit

The parts of the file are
downloaded throught
Torrent, but not uploaded to
server. A new torrent is
generated instead it

2.4.6. SONM Blockchain-government Expansion Policy
We previously looked at ways to implement the blockchain-government to work with the SONM system
using computational hubs as enterprises and miners as workers, but what if we go beyond the computational model and look that the current smart contract system in a broader sense?
What if we take a random business and try to apply it to the current system? Suppose you are an owner of
a restaurant  in which case you can similarly deploy a hub contract on the blockchain and register in the
whitelist, while carrying out your regular business transfers  receiving payments from clients and paying
your workers, but your bookkeeping will be relatively transparent for anyone, you will be under protection
by a DAO (a joint-share group of regular people which will resolve issues via voting),and your business will
be registered in the whitelist, similar to the governmental registry, giving your business a Legitimacy certificate of sorts and giving you a competitive advantage.
Creating the blockchain-government system is not the priority for SONM, but as you may recall, SONM is
an assembly. We suppose that those interested in the system described above will register on the SONM
whitelist, thus executing the expansion plan for the blockchain-government into other markets and implementations.

22

2.4.7. SONM Client-Hub content delivery method
Content delivery method is the only significant difference between client-hub and miner-hub interactions.
As you might expect, there is no difference between rendering a 6-hour video using the local computer and
uploading this video to the server while waiting for video rendering on the remote server, because most of
the time will be spent on uploading.
We developed a solution for this issue:
When a client wants to upload a large file of raw data to the server, SONM automatically creates a torrent
and sends a message to the selected hub. This hub receives the message and creates a task sequence for
torrent downloading, computation work with downloaded file(s) and creation of a new torrent for calculation
results file.
After processing the calculations and creating a torrent for the resulting data, the hub sends a message to
the buyer, who only has to download the received file from the miners.
We expect this to be the most rapid solution of all those that exist at the moment.

2.5. SOSNA in a nutshell
As a platform for SONM we propose using SOSNA  Superglobal Operation System by/for Network Architecture.
(look at the scheme on the next page)

2.5.1. What is SOSNA
SOSNA is a global operating system
built on the nesting doll principle. It is
important to understand the structure
of SOSNA in order to internalize this
concept. Lets go from the end-user application to outer-layer infrastructure.
SOSNA itself is a top layer envelope
that works with the Grid-core (BOINC,
Yandex.Cocaine/ Other grid-compatible PaaS) and the infrastructure of
SONM smart contracts

SOSNA
Intercommunication Services
Message API

Blockchain API

Grid Core

SUPERGLOBAL OPERATION SYSTEM
BY/FOR NETWORK ARCHITECTURE
Master modules

2.5.2. Applications and
containerization
When you are developing an application, you must make sure its
will function properly that for the
end-user. But if the end-users computer does not possess the same
amount of libraries as the one you

Worker modules

Container

23

used during development, or they may not be up-to-date with vulnerabilities left, it may cause unexpected
results. Is there any way to force the program to run exactly as it was intended, and at the same time make
it run safely for the end-user? For this, there are containers.
Containers allow us to run * any * software inside a secure, isolated environment. By itself, such a container is a miniature virtual machine, packed with all the dependency libraries of your system - so the compatibility problem and dependencies are relatively resolved. In addition, such a system is isolated in relation to
the host system, so no one can cause harm to the miners computer.
(link to 2.8 safety and security)

2.5.3. Slaves & their services
Lets move up one level. Miners Host in this architecture is a simple node, a worker. (In cloud architecture
such a system is called Slave or Minion). All applications performed inside containers are called services.
We will talk more thoroughly about what containers are in the SaaS chapter. The miners host itself can be
definitively represented as an assembly of services and a service location system.

Service
Service is an actor, an RPC-enabled piece of code, which accepts a certain set of messages. Technically speaking, each service dispatches a service protocol  that is, a list of methods and their respective
SlotIDs you can call by sending messages to the service just after a connection has been established. This
protocol description can be dynamically obtained (along with other stuff) by resolving a service name via
the locator.
The important part here is that, in line with the actor model, the client is an actor too. So, after you have
sent a message to a service to do something for you, it responds by sending messages as well. But
unlike server-side services with service-specific protocols, every client dispatches the streaming service
protocol, mostly for backward compatibility and ease of use.
Each connection between a client and a service is multiplexed using ChannelIDs, and both ends of a given
channel dispatch some specific, possibly different, protocols. For example, the usual session between a
client and a service goes as follows:
 A client connects to some service and picks any channel at random (for example, channel
#1), because all of them are not used in the beginning. Initially the service side of a channel
dispatches the service-specific protocol, and the client side dispatches the streaming protocol.
 The client sends a message tagged with the chosen ChannelID in order to call one of the services methods. That indicates the start of a session.
 he service switches its side of the channel to the null protocol, so that the client couldnt call
some other method in the same channel while the service processes you request.
 The client starts to receive the streaming protocol Chunk messages with the service response.
 In the end, the service sends a Choke message to indicate that the session has been completed and switches its side of the channel back to the service-specific protocol.
 If that was the only request, the client disconnects
Note that some services provide streamable methods: in that case the service will switch to the streaming
protocol instead of the null protocol, so that you can stream some data to the service.

24

Locator
When a node starts, it reads its configuration file, which has a list of services to run. This list only specifies
service names and types, but not network-related properties, because the I/O layer and the RPC layer are
completely separate. Moreover, the services themselves have no code to communicate over the network,
only the message dispatching code.
In order to enable those services to receive and send messages over the network, the node starts a special
service called the locator. Every other service is attached to the locator, which in turn wraps them in an
event loop, binds them to some network endpoints and announces them in the cluster. The locator itself
always runs on a public port.
So, a client should perform the following steps to connect to the requested service:
 Connect to service locator on a public port.
 Send a Resolve message with the name of the required service using any channel.
 Receive a Chunk message with the information about the service endpoint, its protocol version and its dispatch maps (which is a mapping of message numbers to method names).
 Receive a Choke message indicating that the request has been completed.
 Connect to the specified endpoint and work with the requested service.
Services can stack protocols. For example, the Elliptics service implements both the generic storage protocol and its own specific protocol, which means that a client requesting storage service can be routed to the
Elliptics service instance. That is fine, because stacking allows the client to work with the Elliptics instance
without even knowing the service-specific protocol details  protocol messages have the same SlotIDs no
matter what service implements the given protocol and whether it uses protocol stacking or not.

2.5.4. Masters and Gateways
Lets advance one layer higher. Here you can see that in addition to the miner machine itself, there is a
master machine, i.e. Hub, the approximate function of which we considered in the paragraph about IaaS.

Master
Master manages the execution of services on the machines of miners, maintains statistics, balances the
load, carries out the validation of results, leads the task planner, etc. - i.e. Behaves like a conventional cryptocurrency pool. Master is also called a Gateway node.

Gateway
Optionally, the locator can be configured to aggregate other locators multicast announcements (or use a
provided list of remote nodes) and act as a cluster entry point for clients. In other words, the aggregating
locator job is to configure a gateway by connecting with all the remote nodes and monitoring their health
and service updates.
Gateways are pluggable locator modules which provide remote location functionality. For example, a simple builtin Adhoc Gateway randomly picks a remote node for each client, and IPVS Gateway operates on a
kernel IPVS load balancer to set up a local virtual service for each available service in the cluster.
Clients can use these aggregating locators to access every service in the cluster regardless of their physical location in a load-balanced fashion.

25

2.5.5. Grid - Core
Two machines - Master & Worker form a basic implementation of the Grid standard - a loosely coupled
computing network. A key feature of the Grid standard is the prerequisite for decentralization and geographic remoteness of Masters from Workers. As an example, we consider the product https://github.
com/cocaine/cocaine-core as an example of Grid-Core.

2.5.6. Intercommunication Services
SOSNA intercommunication services are a common p2p message bus, with which miners, hubs and
clients communicate, as well as the Blockchain API service, which allows SOSNA to communicate with
Blockchain.

2.6. World Computer SaaS and its API
Example of the simple application that can be run on SOSNA
#!/usr/bin/env python
from cocaine.services import Service
from cocaine.worker import Worker
storage = Service(storage)
def process(value):
return len(value)
def handle(request, response):
key = yield request.read()
value = yield storage.read(collection, key)

response.write(process(value))
response.close()
Worker().run({
calculate_length: handle
})

2.7. Results verification
The problem of validating computations executed by a third party is a thoroughly researched topic [9] [10], but
it still lacks production-ready solutions, since most of them are very expensive in practice (at least in an
HPC setting).
More practical solutions are based on repeating computations  verification by replication. This approach
requires designated nodes (hubs) to distribute work units, aggregate results and verify them. Docker uses
this approach and has a highly tested implementation.
For certain kinds of computational problems it may be practical to offload the task of aggregation and
verification to a smart contract. The process goes as follows: miner computes some work unit and posts

26

merkle-tree root hash to the smart contract. Some other miner computes the same work unit and notices that results differ. In this case, it is possible to calculate a compact proof of cheat. The proof can be
checked by the smart contract, and the cheater punished.
Economic motivation is used to promote this double-checking behavior: miners deposit some fixed
amount of tokens, and this deposit will be returned after some timeout if no proof of cheat was posted. On
the other hand, it is possible to earn tokens by checking computations and revealing cheaters.

Verification by smart contracts is actively researched [11][12] and has some benefits:
 does not require trusted third party to aggregate and verify results
 does not impose any overhead in case of honest miners
 has limited and bearable overhead in case of dishonest miners

MINER

P2P Messages

Miner

HUB

HUB
I am Ivan Pupkin,
I have PC and tablet

Calculation of
the required
resources

Verification of the users
settings
if OK
then the work starts

Work/subtask,
price

Collection and
validation of
results

Remuneration
payment

27

Notes:
We will have a fully functional system that will be used for any general-purpose computations, starting
from the v.2.0. It is most likely that by this stage the SONM platform will have full-scale computational
projects deployed with high turnover volume. (link to chapter 3. Roadmap)
Moreover, by the v.2.0 we expect SONM to attract lots of open-source community members, which means:
 The community will be independently creating lots of decentralized grid-compatible apps.
 Lots of brand new markets and teams are potentially going to appear, as well as numerous
community-crafted tools for interaction with the SONM platform, most likely better than the
original apps, developed by the SONM team. For example, the official geth Ethereum client
made by Ethereum Foundation comparing to Parity by EthCore, or Windows Media Player
compared to WinAmp or Internet Explorer comparing to Mozilla Firefox. We understand and
welcome it
That means that starting from this point we will need to reduce our efforts for tools development and give
way to the free market and community.
We will focus on creating new formations for interaction with this market:
 a dedicated team developing decentralized computational power exchange
 teams providing server hosting services based on the SONM platform
 software for niche markets
 various integration projects
 external formations for tools development (like Metamask.io by ConsenSys)
I.e., by this point we will have a distinct division of SONM development areas. For example:
 original SONM core developers are creating basic protocols of the system
 another team is creating apps within smart-solutions
 SONM ExChange team is building UI-friendly tools for the interaction with buyers and managing the decentralized exchange

2.8. Safety and Security
In this chapter, we look at security aspects for miners and buyers

2.8.1. Safety for miners
Safety from hostile workloads. Docker isolation.
One of the dockers software packages is a daemon - which consists of a container server,launched via the
docker -d command), client tools which permit the user to control the modus and containers directly via
the command line interface and an API which permits the user to control the containers via a REST-style
program.

28

The daemon provides a complete isolation for the containers launched on the node at the file system level
(each container has his own root), at the process level (the processes have access permission only for the
containers own file system and the resources are split up using libcontainer), at the network level (each
container has access exclusively to the range of network names tied directly to it and the corresponding
network interfaces).
Safety for reputation and pirates.
How miner can secure himself from payloads, which dont harm his computer, but have the reputational
risk possibility? There can be website from darknet, bot-machine, credit card hacker or porn on his computer, so how our system provides security against such sort of thing?
We use the special Whitelist contract for that, which is part of the Anti-Fraud system, where each hub and
miner is registered and each of them, who is registered in whitelist, can be blocked and kicked out from
the system by DAO voting. The pirate contracts of hubs and miners wallets, which are not registered in the
whitelist, will not be visible from the general settings, so they wont be affected by DAO voting. Therefore,
hubs will have to offer to host only such kind of services that meet the community reputational requirements, which are formed by the community itself. It is also obliviously that one can configure the miner client program to accept the proposals from the pirate hubs, but then there are no any guarantees of security
and fair payment.

2.8.2. Dishonest nodes eliminate
The contract also has the Suspected and Punished conditions. In the Registered state  the state when
the contract can be registered in the whitelist  the DAO and only DAO can invoke the suspect function,
thus setting the contracts stats to suspected  suspected of being malicious. This function blocks all
funds on the contracts wallet for 120 days. In the suspected state the following functions can be invoked
by the DAO exclusively:
This mean that the only way to hub to get all his money including lockedFunds - is to invoke this function
and pay DAO 0.5% of lockedFunds. In any other case 30% from all hubs operations will be locked on the
contract balance.
Suspected - Gulag function
This can only be invoked by the DAO committee after 120 days have passed since the contracts state has
been set to suspected, then all frozen funds of the contracts get sent to the DAO wallet, the contract state
is definitively set to punished , and the owner of the contract is blocked from conduction further operations
using this wallet.

2.8.3. Safety for buyers
How is ensured to honest buyers their task is being run for given time?
The first method is by query metrics. Hub should understand how much resourses are consumed by one
instance of task, depending on the number (for example) of the input connections. Therefore, Hub can estimate the one connection value and then estimate work by its number. Of course, it gives just an approximate result and works only with stateless tasks, where users dont transfer the complete data volume into
application (or we know in advance the approximate data volume). I.e. relatively talking, it will work for the
casual websites and applications, but, for example, for such kind of service as photo and video editing
client - > buyer(hub) -> miner
quieries ------> miner
hub <-----------metrics

29

The second method  by resources. We should make a request inside the platform or container to specify
how much resources were spent. However, there is a danger that miner can open everything on his computer and fake the data. In contrast to the number of requests that we can measure on our Hub machine,
this method is no longer reliable (although, more accurate).
The third method is reputational. We assume that networks will function both like fog public parts, i.e.
like clusters from multiple independent solo miners, and like private pools, i.e. private clouds (or probably
some informal unions of solo miners like, for example, cartels).
In this case client wants to choose, does he want to run the task in the multiple independent and difficult
to verify nodes, or in the private nodes (private hubs).
How is ensured to honest buyers their task is being run properly
We take container and put out the hash from it. If hash coincides with mastercopy on the hub side, we
decide that everything is good and it is our container. Hash is put out by the Docker engine and subscribed
by the platform private key, which is unique for each installation. Then, among other things, we also force
the Docker engine and platform key to update, so potential hacker will have to learn how to hack the whole
system very-very fast and, in fact, with such a security system there is zero possibility of any successful
hack.
In addition  PoS and reputation  every miner, who wants to earn more, must make a deposit on his wallet as a proof of decency, guarantee.
Also, it is possible to contact directly the launched container by ssh and check the ongoing process.

2.9. AI implementation
Artificial intelligence is implemented for three main tasks based on various properties and regularities of
algorithms and various formal models of their representation. First of all, it is worthwhile to focus on the
task that solves the trust problem in relation to specific hubs. Methods implementing artificial intelligence, namely, methods of computational AI, such as neural networks and methods of evolutionary computation are capable of contributing to the solution of this problem.
Based on the logging of the messaging channel and receiving certain information about the hubs and their
characteristics, an image of natural selection is created, at which the least optimal sets of characteristics
are eliminated according to the specified decision criterion. The program analyzes the rating system of the
hubs and their activity and creates a request to the blockchain to confirm. Only after an answer has been
received it gives consent (with the successful state of the channel and a high level of trust) to connect and
make a deal with this particular hub.
The neural network is based on the data filtering algorithm (takes into account OLS), uses a binary decision tree and clustering algorithms (used to extract information, compress data and examine data properties).
As a result, with the help of neural networks SONM analyzes and predicts the risks of transactions with
each particular hub and solves the trust problem.
As Goolge (ex DeepMind) team show in 2016, using of AI can significantly improve loading of data center
and got up to 40-60% reducing energy consumption in their datacenters . Going this way, to reduce costs
(thus get up profit) for miners, SONM, using wide number of advanced metrics from master (Hubs) and
slave (Worker) machines, aggregate this big data and train Hubs NN-based AIs to optimizing dispatching of data to Workers. Well train AIs to solve Combinatorial optimization problems [13], for example The
Knapsack[14] problem and the Travelling salesman problem [15]. These problems are NP-incomplete, so we
have a basic implementation of a weak-class AI.
30

The Knapsack problem is solved in the context of miners briefcase - how to divide resources between different projects/hubs, with maximal profit and risk diversification. Put simply, it would be like What coins
do I need to mine if btc goes down and in what proportion for each of it?
The Travelling salesman problem is solved in the context of resource distribution and backs to GRID-network standards (this feature is not fully implemented yet).

2.10. SONM GitHub repositories
github.com/sonm-io

2.11. UI and API
2.11.1. Example of how the SONM marketplace works
Market mechanisms.
One must remember that the end-user rarely interacts with the market directly, the market is mainly used
by owners of hubs, miners or developers.

An overview of the marketplace from the viewpoint of the Buyer (Developer).
CLIENT-HUB POINT OF VIEW:
1. Hosting applications
This is represented by a standard market mechanism functioning as a cloud market: an aggregator, where
users can choose the cluster to host their applications. The cluster is chosen depending on the preferences of the client : region, pricing, power, etc. The system basically functions like the market.
This diagram represents a simple market mechanism, where a developer picks a cluster where the app will
be hosted (a few clusters can be chosen) .
2. Selling utility services
A developer, which has created a utility service, can sell it or delegate it to hubs, collecting passive income
via it. An example of such a service can be SUBD, a messenger service which is registered in the Application Pool and is offered to hubs. Hubs can be interested in using said application to attract more clients
and gain advantage over their market rivals, which leads to market growth. The developer can view the
service statistics in his personal account.

An overview of the marketplace from the viewpoint of the Worker (miner)
HUB-MINER POINT OF VIEW:
Miner, according to his preferences, automatically, according to set criteria, connects to the hub which
mays the most and has the most stable bandwidth. As such there is a market here as well  on one side
there is the computational power, on the other  money, but this market is almost entirely automated and
unnoticeable to the miner (the system was designed to let the miner simply press a button and not monitor
the rest of the process).

31

To summarize:
For the client everything is easy  his application will be run on the closest miner. This means that for the
end-user the difference will be virtually unnoticeable. The client/owner will be paying less, and the application will run faster.
On the technical level the application will first request the designated hub or the required amount of computational power (in order to contact the locator service) for service, and if such a service is available, the
application will request it to be performed on the closest machine available (which will accordingly be the
cheapest option).

2.11.2. Interface prototype
SONM buyers interface prototype
Pre-purchase computing power
 Hardware selection
 Application from Application Pool selection
 Search for applications/hardware
 Servers selection
 Command line (Terminal interface) for running own application, setup running application on
the server, before it is sent to miners nodes

SONM miners interface prototype
 Select applications to run on the nodes (whitelist, reputation level , or any depending on price)
 Setup number of tokens for unit of computing power (FLOPS, time)
 Setup disk space allocation limits and price for it (can be used own space, or purchased from
other integrated services, like Oraclize, Factom, Storj, Sia, Filecoin etc.).

Username

Username

PRE-PURCHASE COMPUTING FORM

PRE-SELLING COMPUTING POWER FORM

APPLICATION FORM

APPLICATION FORM

Application pool selection

Search applications/hardware

SELECT APPLICATIONS TO RUN ON THE NODES
Application

Servers selection
*white list reputation level or any depending price

COMMAND LINE OPTIONS
>_
SELECT APPLICATIONS TO RUN ON THE NODES
Application

Flops:

Flops:

SETUP NUMBER OF TOKENS FOR A UNIT OF COMPUTING POWER
Time: 00.00

SETUP DISK SPACE ALLPCATION LIMITS AND PRICE FOR IT
Allocation limits:

Price:

BTC

SETUP NUMBER OF TOKENS FOR A UNIT OF COMPUTING POWER
Time: 00.00

SETUP DISK SPACE ALLPCATION LIMITS AND PRICE FOR IT
Allocation limits:

Price:

BTC

*can be used own space or purchased from other inegrated
services





SONM BUYERS INTERFACE

SONM MINERS INTERFACE
32

2.11.3. API for software developers
In the first stages developers API will be implemented using widespread and well-tested Yandex, Cocaine
and Ethereum API.
In the further stages of platform development, after the system core upgrade to v.2.0, well create proprietary SONM API.Top-level api, which defines the logical grouping of containers, which allows you to define
container pools, distribute the load, and also specify their placement.

3. DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP
3.1. Modules implementation roadmap:
Ver.

Messaging

SOSNA core

Platform

Smart-contracts

0.1

Slave Protocol

-

Yandex.Cocaine

PresaleToken,
Presale, Factory

0.2

Ethereum P2P101
Whisper modified in
FUSRODAH - Messaging protocol
implementation

-

PayoutProto

ICO, Token

0.3

Messages optimization (channels,anti-flood etc)

Waiting for contracts
deployment. Interaction
protos

Debug + Cutting off
Yandex pitfalls.

DAO

0.4

Sonm hub DNS
reconstruction, additional messaging
types and channels
specification, debug

Business logic implementation (including
price API)

Payout Dapp

Factory debug

0.5.

Debug and feedback

Interaction with p2p
message bus & ethereum blockchain API

DCFS (etcd, Swarm,
IPFS) integration

Whitelist, Hub
wallet, Hub Factory

1.0

Global channels and
Global DNS improvements.

Graphic UI

Locator service improvement.

BugFix + Escrow

1.1

Debug & feedback

Debug & feedback

BugFix

Debug & feedback

1.n

Debug & feedback

2.0
CoreOS
(https://coreos.com/)

33

v.0.1 - ANGE (Current Version)



Yandex. Cocaine as a platform, Docker as an isolation.
Supported languages:
 C++
 Go
 Java
 Node.js
 Python
 Ruby
 [In development] Racket
We have the following services:
 Logging


Node-local file storage

 MongoDB storage
 Elliptics storage
 Node-local in-memory cache
 Distributed in-memory cache
 URL Fetch
 Jabber
 [In development] Notifications
 [In development] Distributed time service
Prototypes of the smart-contracts system (Forge), Slave protocol for communication between nodes.
Anyone can create his own hub and try to collect powers from miners, or create his own
cluster (from many owned machines). Anyone could run any usual docker container on it or
create your own application in Cocaine framework (see sections above or github).
v.0.2 - PRINCIP (june 2017)
Main Token Contract and ICO application. Payout prototype (already implemented for
BOINC-platform DrugDiscovery@home)

P

Optimized To>man - Yandex.Cocaine - based platform for fog computing will be implemented.
Ethereum P2P101 Whisper modified in FUSRODAH - based protocol of messaging between
Sender (Node) and Watcher (worker) machines will be implemented.
As a demonstration of universality of platform, QUAKE game server container will be implemented .)

34

v.0.3 - ARCH (september 2017)
On this version we will focus on the most crucial parts of the system. For now the slave
protocol is literally protocol - it has no own libraries or API, its just an agreement inside the
module system.

A

On the platform level it is will be PayOut dapp - a simple dapp which allow hub administrator
payout tokens to miners, depending on their work - it is already done for BOINC-like platforms
such asDrugDiscovery@home. We need to simply adapt it to our newly deployed token contract and architecture of the Cocaine gateway node.
On the smart contracts level it will work with our DAO contract.
+Browser for sites
+Messages optimization (channels,anti-flood etc)
+DAO & Dividents payout
+ UI and UX improvments for all sides.
+General productivity improvments
Browser for sites means we will have our own browser for our services and sites (inside
sonm network). Probably it would be web3 compatible (metamask in complect) - Its also will
be good test for locator services - network should spawn apps and sites nearby with browser
user (cookie definition and e.t.c.).
v.0.4 - POWER (march 2018)
In this version we will be adding new messaging types for new messaging systems, tuning
the communication between miners and hubs. We will probably rewrite the internal DNS peer
discovery service as well (it allows the searching of peers during listening of the general
channel in the messaging system).

PR

Concerning the core platform we will work towards business logic (market and AI) implementation, and tuning in messages and blockchain API.
On the platform level we will be implementing integration with DCFS like IPFS,Swarm, Storj.
Application registry. On the smart-contracts level we will be finishing work on Factory.
v.0.5 - VIRT (june 2018)
Application registry means some trusted registry of approved applications. If miner or hub
will want use applications not from this registry (e.g. using their own private registry or other
sources like github or private dev repositories) - they should add new source manually etc.

VT

Court app - is application which filter DAO proposal and parsing messages channel to structurise flow of blaming proposal and let community better tool to look at it. And vote for it.
On this level all the newest contracts from Factory - Whitelist, HubFactory,HubWallet will be
deployed. It will be the start of forming real new homeostasis of the system. After that we
think that a few debug releases will be necessary with different community proposals.
+General locator and end-node client

35

This mean that locator will be used not only for browser, but for any type of application. We
think it will take all queries from localhost to the network services and look for this services
in sonm network to determine nearest good point.
+BTSync
+Court app
v.1.0 - DOMIN (august 2018)

DM

The very first commercial version of this platform for public usage.
Global DNS and service locator improvements allow us to create a new internet browser,
which would allow everyone to find and run services like https://servicename.
Graphic UI improvements for each part of the system permit us to improve the user experience and start to widely expand among non-bitcoiners.
We also believe that other companies will use our smart-contracts organization (Forge), which
would allow them to use one contract-register and fair system protection from malicious users
and fraud.
v.1.1 - THRON (november 2018)

TN

UX improvement, community proposals, feedback, debug, etc.
v1.n - CHERUB (2019)
Development of the new SOSNA version is started, which will be based on CoreOS (a system you could literally run everywhere - microwaves and washing machines). Seriously, read
about CoreOS - it is awesome!

CB

v.2.0 - SERA (2020)
Release of SOSNA 2.0. Imagine if your smart-watches from Apple could earn you money?
Thats what we are talking about - When Time is money! is not just words.

SA

Notes:
We will have a fully functional system, able to be used for any general-purpose computations, starting from
the v.1.0. Most likely, by this stage SONM platform will have full-scale computational projects deployed
with high turnover volume.
Moreover, by the v.1.0 we expect SONM to attract lots of the open-source community members, which
means:
 The community will be independently creating lots of decentralized grid-compatible apps.
 Lots of brand new markets and teams are potentially going to appear, as well as lots of community-crafted tools for interaction with the SONM platform, most likely better than the original apps, developed by the SONM team. For example, the official geth Ethereum client made
by Ethereum Foundation comparing to Parity by EthCore, or Windows Media Player compared
to WinAmp or Internet Explorer comparing to Mozilla Firefox. We understand and welcome it.

36

That means that starting from this point well need to reduce our efforts for tools development and give
way to the free market and community..
Well focus on creating new formations for interaction with this market:
 a dedicated team developing decentralized computational power exchange
 teams providing server hosting services based on the SONM platform
 software for niche markets
 various integration projects
 external formations for tools development (like Metamask.io by ConsenSys)
I.e., by this point we will have a distinct division of SONM development areas. For example:
 original SONM core developers are creating basic protocols of the system
 another team is creating apps within smart-solutions
 SONM ExChange team is building UI-friendly tools for the interaction with buyers and managing the decentralized exchange

3.2. Dissemination of the development process
information
 The project team is responsible for making the results open to the public and for using all
available resources to disseminate information about the project.
 We will publish a report about current development results and issues at least once a week.
 Report will contain current project needs and issues.
 All major breakthroughs will be communicated with interested mass media and spread in
major community forums like BitcoinTalk and CryptoCoin Talk.

37

4. SONM IN COMPARISON
TO OTHER GRID COMPUTING
PROJECTS
SONM

Golem

iEXEC

Platform

Cocaine

Golem itself

Xtremweb-hep

Anti-fraud







Game servers support







Site hosting







Services







Hybrid P2P







Already yes





Messages API



Planned in stone
golem



Fog-computation







Non-determenistic tasks







Container protection







Container validation







Load balancer

round-robin





Service locator







Data stream & pipeline







Distributed in-memory cache service







Nodejs application-service support







SaaS

1. Platform
Grid is a formal technology/a standard of geographically dispersed computational networks.
Lets take a look at how these three projects design their platforms.
Golem are creating their own platform for computations, in our opinion this is similar to reinventing the
wheel and has no obvious merit. Theres no clear understanding of what basis for the technology are they
using (GRID or Cloud), no logical justification for using Python as their main programming language (Python is web-oriented, creating a platform requires more appropriate language, like C++ or Java).
iEX, on the other hand, is based on Xtremweb-hep. The Xtremweb-hep platform is based on the GRID technology and written using Java.
38

Finally, SONM uses and is going to improve the Yandex.Cocaine platform. Yandex.Cocaine is based on a
Distributed Cloud structure (unlike the regular Cloud structure,there is no hard master-minion assignment,
like the one used in Kubernetes by Google). It is written using C++, has implementations for Go, Java and
Haskell, among others. Our programmer Max Taldykin was part of the team designing the Haskell implementation.
What can be considered the best solution for a world computer platform?
A hybrid technology must be created and used, Grid+Cloud.
Golem cannot provide a competing solution at this moment, their own projects are far behind the most
innovative ideas. Their popularity is largely driven by the fact that they were the first ones to showcase the
distributed world computer structure, and now the only way forward left for them is to start working on
restructuring their work algorithms and integrating new technologies.
iEX has a few very good solutions presented on the technical level using the Grid technology, but most Grid
solutions are based on scientific calculation needs and have poor compatibility with traditional clouds.
They also lack locator services and many more. Another disadvantage of their technologies would be the
need to work in the direction of the Cloud technology ( developing system messages, metrics, accounization, billing, services).
SONM is based on the Distributed Cloud technology and has all the necessary resources to create the
proper platform. We are planning to adopt a few technological distinctions of the Grid system  integrating
an additional validation system ( it is already being prepared and in soon we will present a unique system
of undetermined computation verification). There are no similar projects developed and copying it will be
very difficult for competitors. Further development of existing containers with the intention of unifying
processes computed by the miners is also planned.

2. Anti-fraud protection
One of the most important aspects involved in the effective implementation of distributed computing is
anti-fraud protection.
SONM has a working prototype of a unique anti-fraud protection system based on smart contracts. This
will provide miners and customers solid protection from malicious nodes, clusters and pools within the
system. This system is also a key to us upscaling, since this system can be used as a separate product.
You can find more information about the smart contract system here:
https://github.com/sonm-io/Contracts-scheme
Please also check here:
https://github.com/sonm-io/Factory/blob/master/contracts/Hubs/README.md

3. Container
The isolation system used as a core for computing by SONM, iEx and Golem is Docker. All development
teams agree that this is the most up-to-date and useful solution.

4. P2P architecture
By using a hybrid P2P architecture, we can create computing pools out of the main number of miners/clients (similar to the cryptocurrency pools).Golem,while using full P2p, does not support the implementation
of this case.

39

The specifics of SONM implementation.
The architecture has a hub which can serve as a regular client node (the client adds a number of tasks to
the hub, which he created, and gives those to the miners), but also as gateway node, which can assemble
mining power and perform tasks sent in by clients. That way the client doesnt need to implement his own
node and fine-tune it to connect to the services. The services themselves will be discussed in detail in a
further article.

5. SaaS
Software-As-A-Service implementation is the weak point of all grid systems. A large share of the cloud
computing market is providing SaaS services (hosting websites, mobile apps, mail services, messengers,
etc.). Currently SaaS is implemented and working in SONM, while Golem is planning to implement it in a year.
With regards TOR operations (The Onion Router), TOR uses pseudodomains.onion, and domain names
look like the following: http://o3shuzjrnpzf2aiq.onion/
Domain names in the .onion domain are generated based on an open random key server and consist of
16 symbols. These websites are actually not websites at all, as they are in fact so-called hidden services.
SONM is going to implement such services in the future, of which one application could be hosting websites. It is vital to take into account that storage and operation will be decentralized.
The realization will be in the form of free access to service data from the internet, or a process which is
similar to the TOR system, which limits access. The structure of the service depends directly on the application running in the container.
In the address bar the service may look like the following: name,site.sonm or simply just %name%.sonm
(which would be the name of the service that finds a hidden node using the locator and loads the website).
This can be used for additional identification of services in the SONM network, granting them additional
properties.

6. Fog computations
Cocaine has an integrated locator service, which allows the system to identify the service accessibility
within the cluster. With a little fine-tuning our system can work as a true fog computing system  when
a client requests access to a certain service, the locator (or a specifically created additional global higher-layer locator) will identify the cluster closest to him and perform the computations using it, thereby
sufficiently reducing traffic.
Speaking about iEx and Golem, they have yet to mention the implementation of this service.

To summarize:
It is currently hard to describe Golem as a serious project. We call the current state of affairs reinventing the
wheel. therefore, only a serious change in the direction of their work can permit them to stay in the field.
SONM, on the other hand, is using the Distributed Cloud technology as its base. The SONM team is modifying said technology to fit our current goals in producing a less work-intensive endeavor than combining
Xtermweb-hep (base used by iEx) with traditional Cloud services, due to Grid software being severely
limited in that regard, and developing it to commercial standards is very difficult and time-consuming.
This is the reason SONM decided not to use BOINC, which is one of the Grid software solutions, similar to
Xtremweb-hep.

40

Having a prototype system for verifying undetermined computations also gives a hefty advantage to
SONM.
Implementation time and flexibility in technologies used will be the deciding factor at the starting phase of
the project and will give us a continuous edge.
SONM is now looking to hire world-class specialists on P2P networks and locators (for optimization) and
people with experience working with BTSync and Tor Browser software.

5. REFERENCES
[1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fog_computing
[2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_of_things
[3] http://internetofeverything.cisco.com/sites/default/files/docs/en/ioe_value_at_stake_public_sector%20_
analysis_faq_121913final.pdf
[4] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crypto-anarchism
[5] http://internetofthingsagenda.techtarget.com/definition/fog-computing-fogging
[6] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_machine
[7] https://users.soe.ucsc.edu/~abadi/Papers/isss02.pdf
[8] https://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/~mdr/research/papers/pdf/11-applied-pi.extended.pdf
[9] Verifying computations without reexecuting them: from theoretical possibility to near practicality. Walfish,
Blumberg.
[10] Making Argument Systems for Outsourced Computation Practical (Sometimes). Setty, McPherson, Blumberg, Walfish.
[11] Practical Delegation of Computation using Multiple Servers. Canetti, Riva, Rothblum.
[12] An Intro to TrueBit: A Scalable, Decentralized Computational Court. Simon de la Rouviere.
[13] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Combinatorial_optimization
[14] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knapsack_problem
[15] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Travelling_salesman_problem

41

FOLLOW US AND STAY TUNED

sonm.io

Slack

Reddit

Telegram

Twitter

BitcoinTalk

Medium

Facebook

GitHub

42

Storj
A Peer-to-Peer Cloud Storage Network

Shawn Wilkinson (shawn@storj.io),
Tome Boshevski (tome@storj.io),
Josh Brandoff (josh.brandoff@gmail.com),
James Prestwich (james@storj.io),
Gordon Hall (gordonhall@openmailbox.org),
Patrick Gerbes (patrickgerbes@gmail.com)
Philip Hutchins (flipture@gmail.com)
Chris Pollard (cpollard1001@gmail.com)
With contributions from: Vitalik Buterin (v@buterin.com)
December 15, 2016
v2.0

Abstract
A peer-to-peer cloud storage network implementing client-side encryption would allow users to transfer and share data without reliance on a
third party storage provider. The removal of central controls would mitigate most traditional data failures and outages, as well as significantly
increase security, privacy, and data control. Peer-to-peer networks are
generally unfeasible for production storage systems, as data availability
is a function of popularity, rather than utility. We propose a solution in
the form of a challenge-response verification system coupled with direct
payments. In this way we can periodically check data integrity, and offer rewards to peers maintaining data. We further propose a model for
addressing access and performance concerns with a set of independent or
federated nodes.

1

1

Introduction

Cloud storage has come to rely almost exclusively on large storage providers acting as trusted third parties to transfer and store data. This system suffers from
the inherent weaknesses of a trust-based model. Because client-side encryption is nonstandard, the traditional cloud is vulnerable to a variety of security
threats, including man-in-the-middle attacks, malware, and application flaws
that expose private consumer and corporate data. Moreover, because many
storage devices rely on the same infrastructure, failures is correlated across files
and systems.
A decentralized cloud storage network offers many advantages compared to
datacenter-based cloud storage. Data security can be maintained using clientside encryption, while data integrity will be maintained via a proof of retrievability. The impact of infrastructure failures and security breaches will be greatly
reduced. An open market for data storage may drive down costs for various
storage services by enabling more parties to compete using existing devices.
Data on the network will be resistant to censorship, tampering, unauthorized
access, and data failures. This paper describes a concrete implementation of
such a network, and a set of tools for interacting with that network.

2

Design

Storj is a protocol that creates a distributed network for the formation and
execution of storage contracts between peers. The Storj protocol enables peers
on the network to negotiate contracts, transfer data, verify the integrity and
availability of remote data, retrieve data, and pay other nodes. Each peer is
an autonomous agent, capable of performing these actions without significant
human interaction. Many of the basic tools for these interactions are described
in this document. Full protocol documentation can be found elsewhere [1].

2.1

Files as Encrypted Shards

A shard is a portion of an encrypted file to be stored on this network. Sharding
has a number of advantages to security, privacy, performance, and availability.
Files should be encrypted client-side before being sharded. The reference
implementation uses AES256-CTR, but convergent encryption or any other desirable system could be implemented. This protects the content of the data

2

from the storage provider, or farmer, housing the data. The data owner retains
complete control over the encryption key, and thus over access to the data.
The data owner may separately secure knowledge of how a file is sharded
and where in the network the shards are located. As the set of shards in the
network grows, it becomes exponentially more difficult to locate any given shard
set without prior knowledge of their locations (see Section 6.3). This implies
that security of the file is proportional to the square of the size of the network.
Shard size is a negotiable contract parameter. To preserve privacy, it is
recommended that shard sizes be standardized as a byte multiple, such as 8 or
32 MB. Smaller files may be filled with zeroes or random data. Standardized
sizes dissuade side-channel attempts to determine the content of a given shard,
and can mask the flow of shards through the network.
Sharding large files like video content and distributing the shards across
nodes reduces the impact of content delivery on any given node. Bandwidth
demands are distributed more evenly across the network. In addition, the enduser can take advantage of parallel transfer, similar to BitTorrent [2] or other
peer-to-peer networks.
Because peers generally rely on separate hardware and infrastructure, data
failure is not correlated. This implies that creating redundant mirrors of shards,
or applying a parity scheme across the set of shards is an extremely effective
method of securing availability. Availability is proportional to the number of
nodes storing the data.

Figure 1: Visualizing the Sharding Process

1. Files are encrypted.
2. Encrypted files are split into shards, or multiple files are combined to form
a shard.

3

3. Audit pre-processing is performed for each shard (see Section 2.3).
4. Shards may be transmitted to the network.

2.2

Kademlia and Modifications

Storj is built on Kademlia [3], a distributed hash table (DHT). It is important
to note that shards are not stored in the hash table. Rather, Kademlia creates a
distributed network with efficient message routing and other desirable qualities.
Storj adds several message types, and enhancements to core Kademlia functionality (see Appendix A). In the future, the hash table may be used as a store for
data location information, or other purposes.

2.2.1

Signature Verification

Similar to S/Kademlia [4], the Storj network requires peers to sign messages.
To join the network a node must create an ECDSA keypair, (kpriv , kpub ). The
Kademlia Node ID corresponds to ripemd160(sha256(kpub )). As such, each
Node ID in the Storj network is also a valid Bitcoin address, which the node
can spend from. Nodes sign all messages, and validate message signatures before processing messages. This modification enforces long-term identity on the
network, and provides a proof of work deterrent to Eclipse attacks on Kademlia
routing (see Section 5.2). In the future there are a variety of other uses for this
address.

2.3

Proofs of Retrievability

Proofs of retrievability guarantee the existence of a certain piece of data on a
remote host. The ideal proof minimizes message size, can be calculated quickly,
requires minimal pre-processing, and provides a high degree of confidence that
the file is available and intact. To provide knowledge of data integrity and
availability to the data owner, Storj provides a standard format for issuing and
verifying proofs of retrievability via a challenge-response interaction called an
audit or heartbeat.
Our reference implementation uses Merkle trees [5] and Merkle proofs. After
the sharding process the data owner generates a set of n random challenge salts
s0 , s1 , ...sn1 and stores the set of salts s. The challenge salts are each prepended
to the data d, and the resulting string is hashed to form a pre-leaf p as such:
pi = H(si + d). Pre-leaves are hashed again, and the resulting digests become
4

the set of leaves l of a standard Merkle tree such that li = H(H(si + d)). The
leaf set is filled with hashes of a blank string until its cardinality is a power of
two, to simplify the proof process.

Figure 2: Storj Audit Tree with |l| = 4
Red outlines indicate the elements of a Merkle proof for s0
The data owner stores the set of challenges, the Merkle root and the depth
of the Merkle tree, then transmits the Merkle trees leaves to the farmer. The
farmer stores the leaves along with the shard. Periodically, the data owner
selects a challenge from the stored set, and transmits it to the farmer. Challenges
may be selected according to any reasonable pattern, but should not be reused.
The farmer uses the challenge and the data to generate the pre-leaf. The preleaf, along with the set of leaves, is used to generate a Merkle proof, which is
sent back to the data owner.
The Storj Merkle proof always consists of exactly log2 (|l|) + 1 hashes, and
thus is a compact transmission, even for large trees. The data owner uses
the stored Merkle root and tree depth to verify the proof by verifying that its
length is equal to the tree depth and the hashes provided recreate the stored
root. This scheme does not allow false negatives or false positives, as the hash
function requires each bit to remain intact to produce the same output.

5

2.3.1

Partial Audits

The Merkle tree audit scheme requires significant computational overhead for
the data owner, as the entire shard must be hashed many times to generate
pre-leaves. An extension of this scheme utilizes subsets of the data to perform
partial audits, reducing computational overhead. This also has the advantage
of significantly reducing I/O burden on farmer resources.
This extension relies on two additional selectable parameters: a set of byte
indices x within the shard and a set of section lengths in bytes, b. The data
owner stores a set of 3-tuples (s, x, b). To generate pre-leaf i, the data owner
prepends si to the bi bytes found at xi . During the audit process, the verifier
transmits (s, x, b)i , which the farmer uses to generate a pre-leaf. The Merkle
proof is generated and verified as normal.

Figure 3: Storj Audit Tree with |l| = 4 and Partial Audits
Red outlines indicate the elements of a Merkle proof for s0
Partial audits provide only probabilistic assurance that the farmer retains
the entire file. They allow for false positive results, where the verifier believes the
farmer retains the intact shard, when it has actually been modified or partially
deleted. The probability of a false positive on an individual partial audit is
easily calculable (see Section 6.4)
6

Thus the data owner can have a known confidence level that a shard is
still intact and available. In practice, this is more complex, as farmers may
implement intelligent strategies to attempt to defeat partial audits. Fortunately,
this is a bounded problem in the case of iterative audits. The probability of
several consecutive false positives becomes very low, even when small portions
of the file have been deleted.
In addition, partial audits can be easily mixed with full audits without restructuring the Merkle tree or modifying the proof verification process. Many
audit strategies that mix full and partial verification can be envisioned, each of
which provides different levels of confidence over time.
A further extension of this scheme could use a deterministic seed instead of
a set of byte indexes. This seed would be used to generate indexes of many nonconsecutive bytes in the file. Requiring many non-consecutive random bytes
would provide additional resistance against malicious farmers attempting to
implement audit evasion strategies without significant extra overhead from processing or I/O.

2.3.2

Other Proof-of-Retrievability Schemes

Other audit schemes were examined, but deemed generally unfeasible. For example, Shacham and Waters proposed a compact proof [6] with several advantages over Merkle-tree schemes. This construction allows for an endless stream
of challenges to be generated by the data owner with minimal stored information. It also allows for public verifiability of challenge responses.
However, initial implementations indicate that the client-side pre-processing
required for the Shacham-Waters scheme requires at least one order of magnitude more computation time than hash-based methods, rendering it too slow
for most applications.
Proof of retrievability is an area of ongoing research, and other practical
schemes may be discovered in the future. As proof of retrievability schemes
are discovered and implemented, the choice of scheme may become a negotiable
contract parameter. This would allow each data owner and node to implement
a wide variety of schemes, and select the most advantageous scheme for a given
purpose.

7

2.3.3

Issuing Audits

To issue audits, Storj extends the Kademlia message set with a new type: AUDIT (for a full list of Kademlia extensions, see Appendix A). These messages
are sent from data owners to farmers and contain the hash of the data and a
challenge. The farmer must respond with a Merkle proof as described above.
Upon receipt and validation of the Merkle proof, the data owner must issue
payment to the farmer according to agreed-upon terms.

Figure 4: Issuing and Verifying Storj Audits

2.4

Contracts and Negotiation

Data storage is negotiated via a standard contract format [7]. The contract is a
versioned data structure that describes the relationship between data owner and
farmer. Contracts should contain all information necessary for each node to form
a relationship, transfer the data, create and respond to audits over time, and
arbitrate payments. This includes shard hash, shard size, audit strategy, and
payment information. Storj implements a publish/subscribe system to connect
parties interested in forming a contract (see Section 2.6).
Each party should store a signed copy of the contract. Contracts exist solely
for the benefit of the data owner and farmer, as no other node can verify the
terms or state of the relationship. In the future, contract information may be
stored in the DHT, or in an external ledger like a Blockchain, which may allow
some outside verification of relationship terms.
The contracting system extends Kademlia with four new message types:
OFFER, CONSIGN, MIRROR, and RETRIEVE.
To negotiate a contract, a node creates an OFFER message and sends it
to a prospective partner. Prospective partners are found via the publish/sub8

scribe system described in Section 2.6. The OFFER message contains a fullyconstructed contract that describes the desired relationship. The two nodes
repeatedly swap signed OFFER messages. For each new message in the OFFER loop, the node either chooses to terminate negotiations, respond with a
new signed counter-offer, or accept the contract by countersigning it. Once an
OFFER is signed by both parties, they each store it locally, keyed by the hash
of the data.
Once an agreement is reached, the data owner sends a CONSIGN message
to the farmer. The message contains the leaves of the audit-tree. The farmer
must respond with a PUSH token that authorizes the data owner to upload the
data via HTTP transfer (see Section 2.10). This token is a random number,
and can be delegated to a third party.
RETRIEVE messages signify the intent to retrieve a shard from a farmer.
These messages are nearly identical to CONSIGN messages, but do not contain
the audit-tree leaves. The farmer responds to a valid RETRIEVE message
with a PULL token that authorizes download of the data via a separate HTTP
transfer.
MIRROR messages instruct a farmer to retrieve data from another farmer.
This allows data owners to create redundant copies of a shard without expending
significant additional bandwidth or time. After a successful OFFER/CONSIGN
process, the data owner may initiate a separate OFFER loop for the same data
with another farmer. Instead of issuing a CONSIGN message to the mirroring
farmer, the data owner instead issues a RETRIEVE message to the original
farmer, and then includes the retrieval token in a MIRROR message to the
mirroring farmer. This authorizes the mirroring farmer to retrieve the data
from the original farmer. The success of the MIRROR process should be verified
immediately via an AUDIT message.

2.5

Payment

Storj is payment agnostic. Neither the protocol nor the contract requires a
specific payment system. The current implementation assumes Storjcoin, but
many other payment types could be implemented, including BTC, Ether, ACH
transfer, or physical transfer of live goats.
The reference implementation will use Storjcoin micropayment channels,
which are currently under development [8]. Micropayment channels allow for
pairing of payment directly to audit, thus minimizing the amount of trust necessary between farmers and data owners. However, because data storage is
9

inexpensive, audit payments are incredibly small, often below $0.000001 per
audit.
Storjcoin allows much more granular payments than other candidate currencies, thereby minimizing trust between parties. In addition, the mechanics of
micropayment channels require the total value of the channel to be escrowed for
the life of the channel. This decreases currency velocity, and implies that value
fluctuations severely impact the economic incentives of micropayment channels.
The use of a separate token creates a certain amount of insulation from outside
volatility, and Storjcoins large supply minimizes the impact of token escrow on
the market.
New payment strategies must include a currency, a price for the storage, a
price for retrieval, and a payment destination. It is strongly advised that new
payment strategies consider how data owners prove payment, and farmers verify
receipt without human interaction. Micropayment networks, like the Lightning
Network [9], Implementation details of other payment strategies are left as an
exercise for interested parties.

2.6

Quasar

Storj implements a peer-to-peer publish/subscribe system called Quasar [10][11].
Quasar offers topic-based pub/sub utilizing Bloom filters [12]. Topics describe
ranges of contract parameters the broadcasting node desires, including contract
size and bandwidth commitment. The topic list is standardized on the protocol level, and easily extensible [13]. This facilitates the contract offer and
negotiation process by ensuring messages reach interested nodes (see Section
2.4)
To operate Quasar, Storj extends Kademlia with three new message types:
SUBSCRIBE, UPDATE, and PUBLISH. These messages facilitate the creation
and propagation of filters. Each node maintains information about topics to
which it subscribes, as well as topics to which its neighbors subscribe in the
form of an attenuated Bloom filter with depth K = 3. The filter at level 1
represents the subscriptions of nodes one hop away.
SUBSCRIBE requests filter lists from neighbors. To build an initial filter
list, nodes issue SUBSCRIBE messages to their three nearest neighbors. Nodes
respond to a SUBSCRIBE with their current filter list. The requesting node
adds the received filter lists to its own attenuate Bloom filter.
UPDATE pushes local filter changes to the three nearest neighbors. When

10

a node subscribes to a new topic it must issue a SUBSCRIBE request to learn
about its neighbors states, then an UPDATE request to notify neighbors of its
new subscription. By exchanging filter lists via SUBSCRIBE/UPDATE loops
nodes gain progressively better knowledge of what information is desirable to
their neighbors, and to nodes reachable by their neighbors.
PUBLISH broadcasts a message to the network. In Storj, these are typically public announcements of partially-constructed contracts (see Section 2.4).
PUBLISH messages are sent to a nodes three nearest neighbors, and include a
topic parameter whose digest is compared to each filter in the filter list. If the
topic digest is found in the filter at K = 0, the node processes the message. If
the topic is found in any other filters in the filter list, the node forwards the
message to its neighbors. If no matching filter is found, the message is forwarded
to a randomly selected peer in that nodes routing table.
To prevent re-circulation of messages, nodes add their node ID to PUBLISH
messages when they are forwarded, indicating that that node has already received the message. When forwarding messages, nodes ignore other nodes whose
IDs are present in that list. This prevents redundant recirculation of messages
with minimal communication overhead.
PUBLISH messages also include a time-to-live (TTL) parameter, measured
in hops. Nodes will not relay messages whose hops have exceeded the TTL.
To prevent spam attacks, nodes will also refuse to relay messages whose TTL
exceeds the TTL that node would give a new message.
Because of this routing process based on subscription filters, PUBLISH messages propagate through the network randomly until they find a node whose
filter list contains a subscription or a false positive. Once a subscription is indicated by a filter, the message moves towards the subscriber quickly. If a false
positive is encountered the message resumes random routing.

2.7

Redundancy Schemes

Cloud object stores typically own or lease servers to store their customers files.
They use RAID schemes or a multi-datacenter approach to protect the file from
physical or network failure. Because Storj objects exist in a distributed network
of untrusted peers, farmers should not be relied upon to employ the same safety
measures against data loss as a traditional cloud storage company. Indeed,
farmers may simply turn off their node at any time. As such, it is strongly
recommended that the data owner implement redundancy schemes to ensure the
safety of their file. Because the protocol deals only with contracts for individual
11

shards, many redundancy schemes may be used. Three are described below.

2.7.1

Simple Mirroring

The simplest solution is to mirror shards across several nodes. Mirroring protects against hardware failures by ensuring that multiple copies of each shard
Qn
exist. Availability of the shard with this scheme is P = 1  0 an where an
is the uptime of the node storing shard n. Because all shards are required to
assemble the file, availability of the file is equal to the availability of the least
available shard. In the case of a dropped contract, a redundant copy of that
shard can be retrieved and a new location found for it on the network. This is
the current behavior of the reference implementation.

2.7.2

K-of-M Erasure Coding

Storj will soon implement client-side Reed-Solomon erasure coding [14]. Erasure
coding algorithms break a file into k shards, and programmatically create m
parity shards, giving a total of k + m = n shards. Any k of these n shards can
be used to rebuild the file or any missing shards. Availability of the file is then
Qm
P = 1  0 am across the set of the m + 1 least available nodes. In the case
of loss of individual shards, the file can be retrieved, the missing shard rebuilt,
and then a new contract negotiated for the missing shard.
To prevent loss of the file, data owners should set shard loss tolerance levels.
Consider a 20-of-40 erasure coding scheme. A data owner might tolerate the loss
of 5 shards out of 40, knowing that the chance of 16 more becoming inaccessible
in the near future is low. However, at some point the probabilistic availability
will fall below safety thresholds. At that point the data owner must initiate a
retrieve and rebuild process.
Because node uptimes are known via the audit process, tolerance levels may
be optimized based on the characteristics of the nodes involved. Many strategies
may be implemented to handle this process.
Erasure coding is desirable because it drastically decreases the probability of
losing access to a file. It also decreases the on-disk overhead required to achieve
a given level of availability for a file. Rather than being limited by the least
available shard, erasure coding schemes are limited by the least-available n + 1
nodes (see Section 6.1).

12

2.8

KFS

To facilitate on-disk storage for farmers, Storj implements a local file store
called KFS [15]. The farming client initially used the filesystem directly to
store shards. Later the farming client used a single LevelDB instance. Both of
these approaches failed to scale. For example, LevelDB compaction processing
time scales linearly with store size, and locks both reads and writes while in
progress. This significantly impacted performance and availability for nodes
storing more than 100GB. KFS is an abstraction layer over a set of LevelDB
instances that seeks to address scaling problems.

2.8.1

Rationale

LevelDB is a key-value store. It has many desirable qualities, including longterm support, portability, and high performing reads powered by lexicographically sorted keys. While LevelDB compaction is typically a desirable feature, it
severely limits scaling. Its impact is larger on lower end systems and can also
vary based on the type of disk in use. Compaction also blocks reads and writes
during this period, rendering Storj nodes effectively offline until the process
completes.
However, because LevelDB instances are cheap to create, open, and close,
compaction costs can be bounded by managing a set of size-limited LevelDB
instances. Instances can be initialized ad hoc, and opened and closed as necessary.
Horizontally scaling many LevelDB instances has a number of benefits to
scalability. Chiefly, it mitigates the impact compaction has on operations. Because compaction runs individually across each instance, rather than across the
whole data set, the issues compaction causes for scaling are minimized. Although compaction across the shard set as a whole will take approximately the
same amount of computation (compaction scales linearly with data), it now occurs separately for each instance. Which is to say, compaction is broken up into
256 smaller processes running independently.
With KFS compaction locks only individual buckets, leaving many others
available to read and write. Operations and compaction are distributed evenly
across hundreds of buckets, meaning the chance of an operation being blocked
by compaction is small. Whereas previously compaction would block the entire
shard set for several seconds (or longer on low-end hardware), it now blocks
only small sections of the shard set for a much shorter time period.

13

2.8.2

S-Buckets and Routing

Rather than a single large instance, KFS stores shards in B size-limited LevelDB
instances, called S-Buckets. Collectively S-Buckets L0 , L1 , LB1 form the BTable. S-Buckets have a fixed maximum size in bytes, S. Thus the maximum
size of a KFS store is S  B bytes. Storj currently uses S = 32 GiB and B = 256
for a total capacity of 8 TiB.
KFS requires that there be a reference identifier, which can be any arbitrary
R bit key where R  log2 (B). Storj nodes will use their 160 bit Node ID.
Incoming shards are sorted into S-bucket according to the following method:
1. Let g = dlog2 (B)e.
2. Let h be the first g bits of R.
3. Let i be the first g bits of the shard hash.
4. Let n = h  i.
5. Store the shard in Ln .
This sorting algorithm is fast, deterministic, and uses only readily-available
information. Where B is a power of two, it also provides an even distribution
of shards across all S-Buckets, as shown in Figure 5 below.

Figure 5: XOR Distance of Random Bytes
S-Buckets that have reached S bytes cannot store more shards. Farmers
can determine if bucket Ln is full during contract negotiation by calculating n
14

using the data-hash field in the contract, and should reject contracts that would
cause them to overfill an S-Bucket. When all buckets in a KFS instance are
full, a second instance may be made. Given that the 8 TiB upper limit of a
farmers KFS instance is larger than most available drives, this is unlikely for
most hardware.

2.8.3

Keying By Shard Hash

As mentioned earlier, LevelDB sorts items lexicographically by key. KFS takes
advantage of this to optimize the efficiency of reads and writes. Data is stored
in chunks of C bytes (or less). By default C = 128 KiB. These chunks are keyed
by the full contents hash followed by a space and a numerical index. This
ensures that key/value pairs are small, and that reads and writes to and from
a S-Bucket are sequential. It also allows for efficient streaming of data both in
and out of the S-bucket.
Because of the idiosyncrasies of sorting numerical strings lexicographically,
the index substring should be expressed in base 10, and have a constant number
S
of characters. The length l of the index string should be defined by l = dlog10 C
e.
For default parameters l = 6. Therefore the chunk at i = 3753 will have
the index number 003753. This ensures that chunks of a shard are stored
consecutively.
To preserve order and therefore maximize read/write performance, the keys
for the chunks of a specific shard should be strings generated as follows:

1. Determine the chunk index number, and encode it as a string.
2. Prepend the chunk index string with 0 until it reaches length l.
3. Encode H(data) as a string of hexadecimal characters.
4. Append a single space to the hash.
5. Append the modfied chunk index to the hash.

2.8.4

Performance Benefits

In initial testing KFS outperforms vanilla LevelDB in reads, writes, and unlinks
for a variety of file sizes. KFS displays lower means and lower variance across
almost all combinations of file size, operation, and storage device type. It particularly excels at unlinks and writes of large files, reducing variance by several
15

orders of magnitude. The full methodology of these tests, and their results, can
be found elsewhere [16].

Figure 6: Relative Performance of KFS and LevelDB

2.9

NAT Traversal and Reverse HTTP Tunneling

Due to the presence of NATs and other adverse network conditions, not all
devices are publicly accessible. To enable non-public nodes to participate in the
network, Storj implements a reverse tunnel system.
To facilitate this system, Storj extends Kademlia with three additional message types: PROBE, FIND TUNNEL, and OPEN TUNNEL The tunneling system also makes use of the publish/subscribe system detailed in section 2.6.
PROBE messages allow a node to determine whether it is publically addressable. The message is sent to a publicly addressable node, typically a known network seed. The receiving node issues a separate PING message. The receiving
node then responds to the PROBE message with the result of the PING. Nodes
joining the network should immediately send a PROBE to any known node.
Nodes that receive a negative response to their initial PROBE should issue
a FIND TUNNEL request to any known node. That node must respond with
three contacts that have previously published a tunnel announcement via the
publish/subscribe system. Tunnel providers must be publicly addressable.

16

Once the non-public node has received a list of tunnel providers, it issues
OPEN TUNNEL requests to the tunnel providers. The providers must provide
a tunnel for that node if they are capable. To open a connection, the provider
sends back an affirmative response with tunnel information. The tunneled node
then opens a long-lived connection to the provider, and updates its own contact
information to reflect the tunnel address.
Tunnels are operated over TCP sockets by a custom reverse-tunneling library, Diglet [17]. Diglet provides a simple and flexible interface for generalpurpose reverse tunneling. It is accessible both by command-line and programmatically.

2.10

Data Transfer

Data is transferred via HTTP [18]. Farmers expose endpoints where client
applications may upload or download shards. Clients requests are authenticated
via tokens provide by previous CONSIGN and RETRIEVE messages. This
transfer mechanism is not essential to the protocol, and many alternatives may
be implemented in the future.

3

Network Access

As should be apparent, the data owner has to shoulder significant burdens to
maintain availability and integrity of data on the Storj network. Because nodes
cannot be trusted, and hidden information like challenge sets cannot be safely
outsourced to an untrusted peer, data owners are responsible for negotiating contracts, pre-processing shards, issuing and verifying audits, providing payments,
managing file state via the collection of shards, managing file encryption keys,
etc. Many of these functions require high uptime and significant infrastructure,
especially for an active set of files. User run applications, like a file syncing
application, cannot be expected to efficiently manage files on the network.
To enable simple access to the network from the widest possible array of
client applications, Storj implements a thin-client model that delegates trust to
a dedicated server that manages data ownership. This is similar to the SPV
wallet concept found in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency ecosystems. The
burdens of the data owner can be split across the client and the server in a
variety of ways. By varying the amount of trust delegated, the server could also
provide a wide variety of other valuable services. This sort of dedicated server,

17

called Bridge, has been developed and released as Free Software. Any individual
or organization can run their own Bridge server to facilitate network access.

3.1

Bridge

Our reference implementation of this model consists of a Bridge server, and a
client library. Bridge provides an object store, which is to say, the primary
function of Bridge is to expose an API to application developers. Developers
should be able to use the Bridge via a simple client without requiring knowledge of the network, audit procedures, or cryptocurrencies. The Bridge API
is an abstraction layer that streamlines the development process. This enables
developers to create many applications that use the Storj network, allowing the
network to reach many users.
In the current implementation, Bridge assumes responsibility for contract
negotiation, audit issuance and verification, payments, and file state, while the
client is responsible for encryption, pre-processing, and file key management.
The Bridge exposes access to these services through a RESTful API. In this
way, the client can be completely naive of the Storj protocol and network while
still taking advantage of the network. In addition, because the dedicated server
can be relied on to have high uptime, the client can be integrated into unreliable
user-space applications.
Bridge is designed to store only metadata. It does not cache encrypted shards
and, with the exception of public buckets, does not hold encryption keys. The
only knowledge of the file that Bridge is able to share with third parties is
metadata such as access patterns. This system protects the clients privacy and
gives the client complete control over access to the data, while delegating the
responsibility of keeping files available on the network to Bridge.
It is possible to envision Bridge upgrades that allow for different levels of
delegated trust. A Bridge client may want to retain control over issuing and
validating audits, or managing pointers to shards. Or a client may choose
to authorize two or more unrelated Bridges to manage its audits in order to
minimize the trust it places in either Bridge server. In the long run, any function
of the data owner can be split across two or more parties by delegating trust.

18

3.2

Bridge API and Client

Full documentation of the Bridge API is outside the scope of this whitepaper,
but is available elsewhere [19]. The first complete client implementation is in
JavaScript. Implementations in C, Python, and Java are in progress.
Because files cannot simply be POSTed to API endpoints, the structures
of the Bridge API and client are different from existing object stores. Clients
are implemented to hide the complexity of managing files on the storj network
through simple and familiar interfaces. As much as possible, complex network
operations are abstracted away behind simple function calls.
A brief summary of the upload process follows:

1. The client gathers and pre-processes data.
2. The client notifies Bridge of data awaiting upload.
3. Bridge negotiates contracts with network nodes.
4. Bridge returns the IP addresses of contracted nodes, and authorization
tokens to the client.
5. The client uses the IP addresses and tokens to contact the farming nodes
and upload the data.
6. The client transfers the audit information to the Bridge, delegating trust.
7. Bridge immediately issues an audit and verifies the response, to prove data
was transferred correctly.
8. Bridge assumes responsibility for issuing audits, paying farmers, and managing file state.
9. Bridge exposes file metadata to the client via the API.

The download process is similar.

1. The client requests a file by an identifier.
2. Bridge validates the request and provides a list of farmer IP addresses and
tokens.
3. The client uses the addresses and tokens to retrieve the file
4. The file is reassembled and decrypted client-side.
19

The JavaScript library accepts file, handles pre-processing, and manages
connections as directed by Bridge. It also makes decrypted downloads available
to applications as files, or as streams. A sample CLI using the library is available
as Free Software at https://github.com/storj/core-cli. It has been tested with a
wide variety of file sizes, and is capable of reliably streaming 1080p video from
the Storj network.

3.2.1

Application Development Tools

The primary function of Bridge and the Bridge API is to serve applications. To
this end clients and tools in a wide variety of languages are under development.
Storj.js[20] seeks to provide a standard in-browser interface for downloading
files from Storj. Though in early stages, it can already communicate with Bridge,
retrieve file pointers and tokens, retrieve shards from farmers, reassemble shards,
and append the completed file to the DOM. This allows web developers to easily
reference Storj objects from within a page, and rely on them being delivered
properly to the end user. This could be used to provide any service from inbrowser document editing to photo storage.
Key and file management tools for web backends are in early planning stages,
including Storj plugins for standard backend tools like content management
systems. These tools should help content-driven application developers work
with files on the Storj network. Standardizing these tools around permissioning
files by user could help create data portability between services as discussed in
section 4.2.
Bridges to other protocols and workflows are also planned. The Storj CLI
lends itself to shell scripting automation. Similar tools for FTP, FUSE, and
common tools for interacting with files will be developed in the future.

3.3

Bridge as an Authorization Mechanism

Bridge can be used to manage authorization for private files stored on the network. Because Bridge manages the state of each contract under its care, it is
a logical provider of these services. It can manage a variety of authorizationrelated services to enable sharing and collaboration.

20

3.3.1

Identity and Permissioning

The Bridge API uses public-key cryptography to verify clients. Rather than the
Bridge server issuing an API key to each user, users register public keys with
the Bridge. API requests are signed, and the Bridge verifies that the signature
matches a registered public key. Bridge organizes file metadata into buckets to
facilitate management. Buckets can be permissioned individually by registering
a set of public keys to the Bucket.
Application developers can use this to easily delegate permissions to applications, servers, or other developers. For instance, the developer of a file
syncing service could create a keypair for each user of that service, and divide
each user into a separate Bucket accessible only by that users keypair. Usage of
each Bucket is tracked separately, so users who have exceeded their allotment
could have write permissions revoked programmatically. This provides a logical
separation of user permissions, as well as a variety of organizational tools.

3.3.2

Key Migration

Because shard encryption keys are stored on the device that generated them,
data portability is an issue. The reference implementation of Bridge and the
client facilitate the transfer of file encryption keys between clients in a safe
way. Clients generate a cryptographically strong seed, by default a randomly
generated twelve word phrase. To encrypt a given file, the client generates a
key deterministically based on the seed, Bucket ID and File ID.
The user can import the seed one time to each new device, which permanantly keeps the devices syncronized. This also facilitates backup since users
only have to store the seed, not every newly generated file key.

3.3.3

Public Files

Bridge, like other object stores, allows developers to create and disseminate
public files via public Buckets. The Bridge server allows the developer to upload
the encryption key, and then allows anonymous users to retrieve the file key
and the set of file pointers. Public Buckets are useful for content delivery to
webpages, or to public-facing applications.
A system to share and retrieve public files without need of a Bridge could
also be created. Pointers and keys could be posted publicly on any platform, and
clients could be required to pay farmers directly for downloads. In practice this
21

would be very similar to an incentivized torrent. Platforms serving pointers
function similarly to trackers facilitating torrents. It is unclear whether this
system would have significant advantages over existing torrent networks.

3.3.4

File Sharing

In the future, the Bridge could enable sharing of specific files between applications or users. Because all files co-exist on a shared network, this is a problem
of standardization and identity management.
Bridge could also use a third-party source of identity, like a PGP keyserver
or Keybase[21], to enable secure person-to-person file sharing. A tiered keying
strategy (as used by LastPass[20]) could also allow for the sharing of individual
files. Other cryptographic schemes like proxy re-encryption seem promising.
For a simplified example: if file keys are strongly encrypted and escrowed with
a Bridge, files could be shared to any social media handle that could be authenticated via Keybase. Bridge could send the corresponding client a single
encrypted file key along with a transposition key, thus enabling access to a file
without exposing the file to Bridge, or modifying the file in any way.
A thorough description of these key management schemes is outside the scope
of this paper. It is enough to note that they exist, that many useful strategies
can be implemented in parallel, and that a dedicated Bridge can facilitate them
in many useful ways.

3.4

Bridge as a Network Information Repository

As noted earlier, data owners are responsible for negotiating contracts and managing file state. With enough information about peers on the network, contract
selection becomes a powerful tool for maintaining file state. A Bridge will have
many active contracts with many farmers, and will therefore have access to
information about those farmers. A Bridge could use this information to intelligently distribute shards across a set of farmers in order to achieve specific
performance goals.
For instance, via the execution of a contract, a Bridge node gathers data
about the farmers communication latency, audit success rate, audit response
latency, and availability. With minimal additional effort, the Bridge could also
gather information about the nodes available bandwidth. By gathering a large
pool of reliable data about farmers, a Bridge node can intelligently select a set of
farmers that collectively provides a probabilistic guarantee of a certain quality
22

of service.
In other words, the Bridge can leverage its knowledge about peers on the
network to tailor the service to the clients requirements. Rather than a limited
set of service tiers, a Bridge could assemble a package of contracts on the fly to
meet any service requirement. This allows the client to determine the optimal
latency, bandwidth, or location of a file, and have confidence that its goals will
be met. For instance, a streaming video application may specify a need for high
bandwidth, while archival storage needs only high availability. In a sufficiently
large network, any need could be met.
Secure distributed computation is an unsolved problem and, as such, each
Bridge server uses its accumulated knowledge of the network. The Bridge is
able to provide a probabilistic quality of service based on its knowledge the
performance and reliability of farmers that a distributed network alone cannot
provide.

3.5

Bridge as a Service

In cases where the cost of delegating trust is not excessively high, clients may
use third-party Bridges. Because Bridges do not store data and have no access
to keys, this is still a large improvement on the traditional data-center model.
Many of the features Bridge servers provide, like permissioning and intelligent
contracting, leverage considerable network effects. Data sets grow exponentially
more useful as they increse in size, indicating that there are strong economic
incentives to share infrastructure and information in a Bridge.
Applications using object stores delegate significant amounts of trust to the
storage providers. Providers may choose to operate public Bridges as a service.
Application developers then delegate trust to the Bridge, as they would to a
traditional object store, but to a lesser degree. Future updates will allow for
various distributions of responsibilities (and thus levels of trust) between clients
and Bridges. This shifts significant operational burdens from the application
developer to the service-provider. This would also allow developers to pay for
storage with standard payment mechanisms, like credit cards, rather than managing a cryptocurrency wallet. Storj Labs Inc. currently provides this service.

23

4

Future Areas of Research

Storj is a work in progress, and many features are planned for future versions.
There are relatively few examples of functional distributed systems at scale, and
many areas of research are still open.

4.1

Federated Bridges

Bridge nodes could cooperate to share data about the network in a mutually
beneficial federation. This would allow each Bridge to improve the quality of
service that it provides by improving the quality of information available.
Bridges could also, with the consent of users, cooperate to share file metadata
and pointers among themselves. This would allow a user to access their file from
any Bridge, rather than being dependent on a single Bridge. A tiered set of
fallback Bridges storing the same access information is a desirable feature, as it
hedges against downtime from a solo Bridge. Some solvable permissioning issues
may exist, but there is no reason to believe a standard format and algorithm
for syncing state across Bridges may not be developed.

4.2

Data Portability

By encouraging use of data format and access standards, Storj aims to allow
portability of data between applications. Unlike a traditional model, where
control of data is tied to the service used to access the data, data access may
be tied to individual users because Storj forms a common underlying layer.
User data can be tied to persistent cryptographic identities, and authenticated
without exposing data to third parties. Siloing data in applications is a harmful
relic of traditional models. Building cross-compatibility into the future of data
storage greatly improves user privacy and user experience.
Applications implementing these standards would be broadly compatible.
When access is tied to users rather than services, privacy and control are preserved. A user may grant access to a service that backs up their hard drive,
which places those files in Storj. The user could separately grant access to a
photo-sharing service, which could then access any photos in the backup. The
user gains seamless portability of data across many applications, and application
developers gain access to a large pool of existing users.
Permissioning in this system may be managed by a service like a Bridge, tied

24

to a web of trust identity via services like Keybase, or handled by a distributed
self-sovereign identity system. Smart contract systems, e.g. Ethereum [22] contracts, seem like a sensible long-term choice, as they can provide file permissions
based on arbitrary code execution. Some problems may exist with respect to
management of the private information required for identity and permissioning
systems, but sufficient solutions likely exist.
While this system represents a significant step up in both usability and value,
there are unmitigable security issues. Unfortunately, as in any cryptographic
system, it is impossible to revoke access to data. Applications may cache data
or forward it to third parties. Users, by definition, trust application developers
to handle their data responsibly. To mitigate these risks, Storj Labs intends
to provide incentives to developers to build free and open-source software. No
application can be completely secure, but auditable code is the best defense of
users privacy and security.
The potential advantages in terms of user experience and privacy are great,
but more research is needed. Many open questions exist with respect to permissioning mechanisms. At worst a unified backend powering interoperable
applications provides equivalent security to current data-center based models.
Storj hopes to collaborate with other forward-thinking data-driven projects to
create and advocate for these open standards.

4.3

Reputation Systems

Storj, like many distributed networks, would profit immensely from a distributed
reputation system. A reliable means of determining reputation on a distributed
system is an unsolved problem. Several approaches have been detailed, and some
implemented in practice but none have achieved consensus among researchers
or engineers. A brief review of several of these approaches follows.
One inherent downside of distributing information across a network is the
additional latency required for decisionmaking. It is difficult to say whether any
distributed reputation system can accurately assess the bandwidth, latency, or
availability of peers on a distributed network in a manner suitable to object
storage, especially as market demand for these shifts over time. Nevertheless, a
reliable distributed reputation would be an extremely useful tool for interacting
with and understanding the network.

25

4.3.1

IPFS Bitswap

IPFS presents the concept of BitSwap ledgers [23]. BitSwap ledgers are simple
local accounting of past interactions with other nodes. As IPFS and the BitSwap
protocols are primarily concerned with distribution of objects in a Kademliastyle DHT, BitSwap ledgers count bytes sent and bytes received. Rather than
attempt to reach global consensus about the reputation state of the system,
these ledgers deal only with one-to-one relationships, and do not account for
latency, bandwidth, availability, or other quality of service factors. Most of
the behavior of nodes is left to the implementer, with some discussion given to
potential exchange strategies. This implies that BitSwap ledgers scale well and
are extremely versatile.

4.3.2

Eigentrust and Eigentrust++

Eigentrust [24] attempts to generalize the ledger approach to generate global
trust values in a distributed system using a transitive-trust model. Nodes keep
and exchange trust vectors. For networks with a large majority of trustworthy
peers, the value of each local trust vector converges to a shared global trust
vector as nodes learn more about the network via information exchange.
Eigentrust++ [25] identifies several attack vectors and modifies Eigentrust to
improve performance and reliability in the presence of malicious nodes. Eigentrust++ is currently implemented in NEM [26]. Secure global convergence to a
shared trust value for each node is a key feature for any distributed reputation
system.

4.3.3

TrustDavis

TrustDavis [27] implements reputation as insurance. Nodes provide references
for other nodes in the form of insurance contracts. Nodes seeking a prospective
partner for an economic transaction also seek insurance contracts protecting
them from the actions of that partner. Reputation in this system may be
thought of as a graph, with vertices representing nodes, and directed edges
representing the monetary value that a node is willing to stake on behalf of
another. Nodes that are distant in this graph may still transact by purchasing
a set of insurance contracts that traverses these edges. TrustDavis in practice
thus encounters the same routing problem found on other distributed systems
like the Lightning Network.

26

Denominating trust in terms of monetary value is attractive for an economic
network like Storj, but the mechanics of insurance contracts in a system like this
represent an extremely difficult problem. Notably, because failures to deliver
payment propagate backwards through the insurance route, the financial burden
always falls on the node that trusted an untrustworthy node, rather than the
untrustworthy nodes.

4.3.4

Identity Maintenance Costs

Storj is exploring a reputation system that leverages public Blockchains to solve
a narrow set of identity problems [28]. This system requires nodes to spend
money directly to maintain reputation. Nodes invest in their identity over time
by making small standardized payments to their own Storj network node ID.
Because the ID is a Bitcoin address to which the node holds the private key,
these funds are fully recoupable, except for the miners fees. In this system, nodes
prefer to interact with nodes that have a long history of regular transactions.
Over time these indicate monetary investment in an identity equal to the sum
of the miners fees paid.
The payment required to participate in this system should be significantly
less than the expected return of operating a network node. If set correctly, this
recurring monetary payment for an identity bounds the size and duration of
Sybil attacks without affecting cooperative nodes. Legitimate nodes would easily recoup their identity expense, while Sybil operators would find their expenses
outstripping their returns. Unfortunately, this approach solves a relatively small
subset of identity issues on the network, and it is difficult to see how it could
be extended to other problem sets.

4.4

OFFER Loop Strategies

Many negotiation strategies can exist and interact via the OFFER loop. Full
exploration of negotiation strategies is beyond the scope of this paper, but a few
interesting areas are immediately apparent. Simple examples include price floors
and ceilings, but complex models could be built to base strategies on market
trends and the subjective value of a shard. Negotiation strategies executed by
autonomous agents are an area of (fascinating) ongoing research. Storj will be
one of the first large-scale machine-driven marketplaces. As such, improving
negotiation efficiency is critical to the long-term efficiency of the market.

27

5

Attacks

As with any distributed system, a variety of attack vectors exist. Many of these
are common to all distributed systems. Some are storage-specific, and will apply
to any distributed storage system.

5.1

Spartacus

Spartacus attacks, or identity hijacking, are possible on Kademlia. Any node
may assume the identity of another node and receive some fraction of messages
intended for that node by simply copying its Node ID. This allows for targeted
attacks against specific nodes and data. This is addressed by implementing
Node IDs as ECDSA public key hashes and requiring messages be signed. A
Spartacus attacker in this system would be unable to generate the corresponding
private key, and thus unable to sign messages and participate in the network.

5.2

Sybil

Sybil attacks involve the creation of large amounts of nodes in an attempt to disrupt network operation by hijacking or dropping messages. Kademlia, because
it relies on message redundancy and a concrete distance metric, is reasonably
resistant to Sybil attacks. A nodes neighbors in the network are selected by
Node ID from an evenly distributed pool, and most messages are sent to at
least three neighbors. If a Sybil attacker controls 50% of the network, it successfully isolates only 12.5% of honest nodes. While reliability and performance
will degrade, the network will still be functional until a large portion of the
network consists of colluding Sybil nodes.

5.2.1

Google

The Google attack, or nation-state attack, is a hypothetical variant of the Sybil
attack carried out by an entity with extreme resources. Google attacks are
hard to address, as it is difficult to predict the actions of an organization with
orders of magnitude more resources than the sum of the resources of network
participants. The only reliable defence against a Google attack is to create a
network whose resources are on the same order of magnitude as the attackers.
At that scale, any attack against the network would represent an unsustainable
commitment of resources for such an organization.

28

5.2.2

Honest Geppetto

The Honest Geppetto attack is a storage-specific variant of the Google attack.
The attacker operates a large number of puppet nodes on the network, accumulating trust and contracts over time. Once he reaches a certain threshold
he pulls the strings on each puppet to execute a hostage attack with the data
involved, or simply drops each node from the network. Again, the best defence
against this attack is to create a network of sufficient scale that this attack
is ineffective. In the meantime, this can be partially addressed by relatedness
analysis of nodes. Bayesian inference across downtime, latency and other attributes can be used to assess the likelihood that two nodes are operated by
the same organization, and data owners can and should attempt to distribute
shards across as many unrelated nodes as possible.

5.3

Eclipse

An eclipse attack attempts to isolate a node or set of node in the network graph,
by ensuring that all outbound connections reach malicious nodes. Eclipse attacks can be hard to identify, as malicious nodes can be made to function normally in most cases, only eclipsing certain important messages or information.
Storj addresses eclipse attacks by using public key hashes as Node IDs. In order
to eclipse any node in the network, the attacker must repeatedly generate key
pairs until it finds three keys whose hashes are closer to the targeted node than
its nearest non-malicious neighbor, and must defend that position against any
new nodes with closer IDs. This is, in essence, a proof-of-work problem whose
difficulty is proportional to the number of nodes in the network.
It follows that the best way to defend against eclipse attacks is to increase
the number of nodes in the network. For large networks it becomes prohibitively
expensive to perform an eclipse attack (see Section 6.2). Furthermore, any node
that suspects it has been eclipsed may trivially generate a new keypair and node
ID, thus restarting the proof-of-work challenge.

5.3.1

Tunnel Eclipse

Because tunneled connections rely on the tunnel provider, it is trivial for a tunnel provider to eclipse nodes for which it provides tunneled connections. This
attack cannot affect publicly addressable nodes, so it can be trivially defeated
with proper configuration. This attack can be mitigated by encrypting messages
intended for tunneled nodes, thus removing the malicious tunnel providers abil29

ity to inspect and censor incoming messages. Like a typical eclipse attack, any
node that suspects it is the victim of a tunnel eclipse can easily generate a new
Node ID, and find a new tunnel.

5.4

Hostage Bytes

The hostage byte attack is a storage-specific attack where malicious farmers
refuse to transfer shards, or portions of shards, in order to extort additional
payments from data owners. Data owners should protect themselves against
hostage byte attacks by storing shards redundantly across several nodes (see
Section 2.7). As long as the client keeps the bounds of its erasure encoding
a secret, the malicious farmer cannot know what the last byte is. Redundant
storage is not a complete solution for this attack, but addresses the vast majority
of practical applications of this attack. Defeating redundancy requires collusion
across multiple malicious nodes, which is difficult to execute in practice.

5.5

Cheating Owner

A data owner may attempt to avoid paying a farmer for data storage by refusing to verify a correct audit. In response the farmer may drop the data-owners
shard. This attack primarily poses a problem for any future distributed reputation system, as it is difficult for outside observers to verify the claims of either
party. There is no known practical publicly verifiable proof of storage, and no
known scheme for independently verifying that a privately verifiable audit was
issued or answered as claimed. This indicates that a cheating client attack is a
large unsolved problem for any reputation system.

5.6

Faithless Farmer

While the farming software is built to require authentication via signature and
token before serving download requests, it is reasonable to imagine a modification of the farming software that will provide shards to any paying requestor.
In a network dominated by faithless farmers, any third-party can aggregate and
inspect arbitrary shards present on the network.
However, even should faithless farmers dominate the network, data privacy is
not significantly compromised. Because the location of the shards that comprise
a given file is held solely by the data owner, it is prohibitively difficult to locate
a target file without compromising the owner (see Section 6.3). Storj is not
30

designed to protect against compromised data owners. In addition, should a
third-party gather all shards, strong client-side encryption protects the contents
of the file from inspection. The pointers and the encryption key may be secured
separately. In the current implementation of Bridge, the pointers and the keys
are held by the Bridge and the client, respectively.

5.7

Defeated Audit Attacks

A typical Merkle proof verification does not require the verifier to know the
depth of the tree. Instead the verifier is expected to have the data being validated. In the Storj audit tree, if the depth is unknown to the verifier the farmer
may attack the verification process by sending a Merkle proof for any hash in
the tree. This proof still generates the Merkle root, and is thus a valid proof of
some node. But, because the verifier does not hold the data used to generate
the tree, it has no way to verify that the proof is for the specific leaf that corresponds to the challenge. The verifier must store some information about the
bottom of the tree, such as the depth of the tree, the set of leaves nodes, or the
set of pre-leaves. Of these, the depth is most compact, and thus preferable.
Using the pre-leaf as an intermediary defeats another attack, where the
farmer simply guesses which leaf corresponds to the current challenge. While
this attack is unlikely to succeed, its trivially defeated by forcing the farmer to
provide the pre-leaf. The farmer cannot know the pre-leaf before the challenge
is issued. Requiring transmission of the pre-leaf also allows the data owner to
proceed through the challenge set linearly instead of being forced to select randomly. This is desireable because it allows the data owner to maintain less state
information per tree.

6

Selected Calculations

The following are several interesting calculations related to the operation of the
network.

6.1

Failure of k-of-n Erasure Coding

The chance of failure of k-of-n erasure coding, assuming probability p every
shard stays online, is calculated as a binomial distribution:

31

Prf ailure (n; k, p) =

k1
X

i

ni

p (1  p)

i=0

n
18
18
18
18
36
36
36
36

k
6
6
6
6
12
12
12
12

p
0.5
0.75
0.9
0.98
0.5
0.75
0.9
0.98

 
n
i

Prf ailure n, k, p
4.812e-02
3.424e-05
5.266e-10
6.391e-19
1.440e-02
2.615e-08
1.977e-17
1.628e-34

Code:
1
2
3
4

def
def
def
def

fac ( n ) : return 1 if n ==0 else n * fac (n -1)
choose (n , k ) : return fac ( n ) / fac ( k ) / fac (n - k )
bin (n ,k , p ) : return choose (n , k ) * p ** k * (1 - p ) ** (n - k )
prob _ fail (n ,k , p ) : return sum ([ bin (n ,i , p ) for i in range (0 , k ) ])

Therefore, with well-chosen k and n, in addition to recovery methods described above, the statistical chance of shard or file loss is quite small.

6.2

Difficulty of Eclipsing a Target Node

The probability of eclipsing a targeted node in the a network with k nodes in h
hashes is modeled by a similar binomial distribution:
Prsuccess (h, k) =

h1
X

k i (1 

i=3

h
100
100
100
500
500
500
900
900
900

i
100
500
900
100
500
900
100
500
900

 
1 hi h
)
k
i

Prsuccess h, i
7.937e-02
1.120e-03
2.046e-04
8.766e-01
8.012e-02
1.888e-02
9.939e-01
2.693e-01
8.020e-02

Code:
32

1
2
3
4

def
def
def
def

fac ( k ) : return 1 if k ==0 else k * fac (k -1)
choose (h , k ) : return fac ( h ) / fac ( k ) / fac (h - k )
bin (i ,h , k ) : return choose (h , i ) * k ** -i * (1 -(1.0/ k ) ) ** (h - i )
prob _ succ (h , k ) : return sum ([ bin (i ,h , k ) for i in range (3 , h ) ])

6.3

Beach Size

As the number of shards on the network grows, it becomes progressively more
difficult to locate a given file without prior knowledge of the locations of its
shards. This implies that even should all farmers become faithless, file privacy
is largely preserved.
The probability of locating a targeted file consisting of k shards by n random
draws from a network containing N shards is modeled as a hypergeometric
distribution with K = k:

N k
P rSuccess (N, k, n) =
N
100
100
100
100
100
500
500
900
900
900
900
900
900

k
10
10
10
50
50
50
50
10
10
10
50
50
50

n
10
50
90
50
90
200
400
200
400
800
200
400
800

nk

N
n

Prsuccess N, k, n
5.777e-14
5.934e-04
3.305e-01
9.912e-30
5.493e-04
1.961e-22
7.361e-06
2.457e-07
2.823e-04
3.060e-01
1.072e-35
4.023e-19
2.320e-03

Code:
1
2
3
4

def
def
def
def

fac ( k ) : return 1 if k ==0 else k * fac (k -1)
choose (h , k ) : return fac ( h ) / fac ( k ) / fac (h - k )
hyp (N ,k , n ) : return choose (N -k ,n - k ) / float ( choose (N , n ) )
prob _ success (N ,k , n ) : return hyp (N ,k , n )

33

6.4

Partial Audit Confidence Levels

Farmers attempting to game the system may rely on data owners to issue partial
audits. Partial audits allow false positives, where the data appears intact, but
in fact has been modified. Data owners may account for this by ascribing
confidence values to each partial audit, based on the likelihood of a false positive.
Partial audit results then update prior confidence of availability. Data owners
may adjust audit parameters to provide desired confidence levels.
The probability of a false positive on a parital audit of n bytes of an N byte
shard, with K bytes modified adversarially by the farmer is a hypergeometric
distribution with k = 0:

N K
P rf alsepositive (N, K, n) =
N
8192
8192
8192
8192
8192

K
512
1024
2048
3072
4096

n
512
512
512
512
512

n

N
n

Prf alsepositive N, K, n
1.466e-15
1.867e-31
3.989e-67
1.228e-109
2.952e-162

Code:
1
2
3
4

def
def
def
def

fac ( k ) : return 1 if k ==0 else k * fac (k -1)
choose (h , k ) : return fac ( h ) / fac ( k ) / fac (h - k )
hyp (N ,K , n ) : return float ( choose (N -K , n ) / choose (N , n )
prob _ false _ pos (N ,K , n ) : return hyp (N ,K , n )

As demonstrated, the chance of false positives on even small partial audits
becomes vanishingly small. Farmers failing audits risk losing payouts from current contracts, as well as potential future contracts as a result of failed audits.
Dropping 10% of a shard virtually guarantees a loss greater than 10% of the contract value. Thus it stands to reason that partially deleting shards to increase
perceived storage capcity is not a viable economic strategy.

34

A
A.1

List of Storj Message Types
Kademlia

1. PING - Determine whether a node is online.
2. STORE - Store a value in the DHT.
3. FIND NODE - Find a node in the DHT.
4. FIND VALUE - Find a value in the DHT.

A.2

Tunneling

5. PROBE - Determine whether the sender is publicly addressable.
6. FIND TUNNEL - Find a publicly addressable node offering tunnels.
7. OPEN TUNNEL - Open a tunnel with a node offering tunnels.

A.3

Quasar

8. SUBSCRIBE - Request filter lists from neighbors.
9. UPDATE - Notify neighbors of updated filters.
10. PUBLISH - Broadcast a message to interested nodes.

A.4

Contracting

11. OFFER - Propose or finalize a contract.
12. CONSIGN - Request a PUSH token from a farmer.
13. MIRROR - Instruct a farmer to retrieve and mirror data from another
farmer.
14. AUDIT - Issue an audit challenge to a farmer.
15. RETRIEVE - Request a PULL token from a farmer.

35

References
[1] G. Hall. Storj core tutorial: Protocol specification, (2016).
https://storj.github.io/core/tutorial-protocol-spec.html.
[2] B. Cohen. Incentives build robustness in bittorrent, (2003).
http://www.bittorrent.org/bittorrentecon.pdf.
[3] P. Maymounkov, D. Mazieres. Kademlia: A peer-to-peer information
system. based on the xor metric, (2002). https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/
~petar/papers/maymounkov-kademlia-lncs.pdf.
[4] I. Baumgart, S. Mies. S/kademlia: A practicable approach towards secure
key-based routing, (2007).
http://www.tm.uka.de/doc/SKademlia 2007.pdf.
[5] R.C. Merkle. Protocols for public key cryptosystems, (April 1980).
http://www.merkle.com/papers/Protocols.pdf.
[6] H. Shacham, B. Waters. Compact proofs of retrievability, (2008).
https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~hovav/dist/verstore.pdf.
[7] G. Hall. Storj core class: Contract, (2016).
http://storj.github.io/core/Contract.html.
[8] F. Barkhau. Trustless micropayment channels, (2016).
https://github.com/F483/counterparty-documentation/blob/
micropayments/Developers/micropayments.md.
[9] J. Poon, T. Dryja. The bitcoin lightning network: Scalable off-chain
instant payments, (2016).
https://lightning.network/lightning-network-paper.pdf.
[10] G. Hall. Kad quasar, (2016).
https://github.com/kadtools/kad-quasar.
[11] B. Wong, S. Guha. Quasar: A probabilistic publish-subscribe system for
social networks, (2008). http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/
people/saikat/pub/iptps08-quasar.pdf.
[12] B. Bloom. Space/time trade-offs in hash coding with allowable errors,
(1970). http://dmod.eu/deca/ft gateway.cfm.pdf.
[13] G. Hall. Storj core tutorial: Publishing storage contracts, (2016).
http://storj.github.io/core/tutorial-contract-topics.html.

36

[14] J. S. Plank. A tutorial on reed-solomon coding for fault-tolerance in
raid-like systems, (1996).
http://web.eecs.utk.edu/~plank/plank/papers/CS-96-332.pdf.
[15] G. Hall. Kfs, (2016). https://storj.github.io/kfs/.
[16] P. Gerbes. Kfs tutorial: Performance testing the changes, (2016).
https://storj.github.io/kfs/tutorial-performance-testing.html.
[17] G. Hall. Diglet server, (2016). http://diglet.me.
[18] G. Hall. Storj core tutorial: Transferring file shards, (2016).
http://storj.github.io/core/tutorial-data-transfer.html.
[19] G. Hall. Storj core, (2016). http://storj.github.io/core/.
[20] LogMeIn Inc. Lastpass password manager. https://www.lastpass.com.
[21] Keybase Inc. Keybase. https://www.keybase.io.
[22] V. Buterin et al. A next-generation smart contract and decentralized
application platform, (2014).
https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper.
[23] J. Benet. Ipfs - content addressed, versioned, p2p file system, (2014).
https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs/blob/master/papers/ipfs-cap2pfs/
ipfs-p2p-file-system.pdf.
[24] S. Kamvar, M. Schlosser, H. Garcia-Molina. The eigentrust algorithm for
reputation management in p2p networks, (2003).
http://ilpubs.stanford.edu:8090/562/1/2002-56.pdf.
[25] X. Fan, L. Liu, M. Li, Z. Su. Eigentrust++: Attack resilient trust
management, (2012). https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/c5a6/
c05d833179073e3517be6c7e7ab0c9d59b29.pdf.
[26] M. Takemiya et al. Nem technical reference, (2015).
https://www.nem.io/NEM techRef.pdf.
[27] D. DeFigueiredo, E. Barr. Trustdavis: A non-exploitable online reputation
system, (2005). http://earlbarr.com/publications/trustdavis.pdf.
[28] S. Wilkinson, J. Prestwich. Bounding sybil attacks with identity cost,
(2016). https://github.com/Storj/sips/blob/master/sip-0002.md.

37

PAYMENT PLATFORM
WHITEPAPER
Final Version: June 21st 2017

1

IMPORTANT NOTICE
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY, NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES,
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU, CAUTIONARY NOTE ON
FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS,
MARKET
AND
INDUSTRY
INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS, NO ADVICE, NO
FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE, RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION
AND DISSEMINATION, NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION AND
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES CAREFULLY.
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU
SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL
ADVISOR(S).
The PAY tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper
does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an
offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction.
This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to sell, or any
solicitation of any offer by the distributor/vendor of the PAY tokens (the Distributor) to
purchase any PAY tokens nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the
basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision.
The Distributor will be an affiliate of TenX Pte. Ltd. (TenX), and will deploy all proceeds of
sale of the PAY tokens to fund TenXs cryptocurrency project, businesses and operations.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale
and purchase of the PAY tokens and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be
accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper.
Any agreement as between the Distributor and you as a purchaser, and in relation to any sale and
purchase, of PAY tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only a separate
document setting out the terms and conditions (the T&Cs) of such agreement. In the event of
any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
2 of 51

You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any PAY tokens in the TenX Initial Token Sale
(as referred to in this Whitepaper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card
holder of the United States of America or a citizen or resident of the Republic of Singapore.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this
Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or
rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does
not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
There are risks and uncertainties associated with TenX and/or the Distributor and their respective
businesses and operations, the PAY tokens, the TenX Initial Token Sale and the TenX Wallet
(each as referred to in this Whitepaper).
This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any
country where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this
section and the following sections entitled Disclaimer of Liability, No Representations and
Warranties, Representations and Warranties By You, Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking
Statements, Market and Industry Information and No Consent of Other Persons, Terms
Used, No Advice, No Further Information or Update, Restrictions On Distribution and
Dissemination, No Offer of Securities Or Registration and Risks and Uncertainties.
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, TenX and/or the
Distributor shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of
any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or
profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance
on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
TenX and/or the Distributor does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any
representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person,
including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and
completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
3 of 51

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part
thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant to TenX and/or the Distributor as
follows:
(a)

you agree and acknowledge that the PAY tokens do not constitute securities in any form
in any jurisdiction;

(b)

you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer
document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities in any
jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in securities and you are not bound to enter
into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of
payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper;

(c)

you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the
information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws,
regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or
dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws,
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with;

(d)

you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion
of the TenX Initial Token Sale, or future trading of the PAY tokens on any
cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an
indication of the merits of the TenX and/or the Distributor, the PAY tokens, the TenX
Initial Token Sale and the TenX Wallet (each as referred to in this Whitepaper);

(e)

the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof,
or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws,
regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to
possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions at
your own expense and without liability to TenX and/or the Distributor;

(f)

you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any PAY tokens,
the PAY tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as:

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
4 of 51

(i)

any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;

(ii)

debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (whether TenX and/or
the Distributor)

(i)

rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;

(ii)

rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or
pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss;

(iii)

units in a collective investment scheme;

(iv)

units in a business trust;

(v)

derivatives of units in a business trust; or

(vi)

any other security or class of securities.

(g)

you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to purchase any PAY
tokens if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United
States of America or a citizen or resident of the Republic of Singapore;

(h)

you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage,
transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies,
blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage
mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology;

(i)

you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any PAY
tokens, there are risks associated with TenX and the Distributor and their respective
business and operations, the PAY tokens, the TenX Initial Token Sale and the TenX
Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper);

(j)

you agree and acknowledge that neither TenX nor the Distributor is liable for any
indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or
otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use
or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this
Whitepaper or any part thereof by you; and

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
5 of 51

(k)

all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and nonmisleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this
Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be).

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place
accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by TenX and/or the Distributor or
their respective directors, executive officers or employees acting on behalf of TenX or the
Distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements of historical fact, constitute forwardlooking statements. Some of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such
as aim, target, anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, if, intend, may,
plan, possible, probable, project, should, would, will or other similar terms.
However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All
statements regarding TenXs and/or the Distributors financial position, business strategies, plans
and prospects and the future prospects of the industry which TenX and/or the Distributor is in are
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to
statements as to TenXs and/or the Distributors revenue and profitability, prospects, future
plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding
TenX and/or the Distributor are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of TenX and/or the
Distributor to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include,
amongst others:
(a)

changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and
the regulatory environment in the countries in which TenX and/or the Distributor
conducts its respective businesses and operations;

(b)

the risk that TenX and/or the Distributor may be unable or execute or implement their
respective business strategies and future plans;

(c)

changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies;

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
6 of 51

(d)

changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of TenX and/or
the Distributor;

(e)

changes in the availability and fees payable to TenX and/or the Distributor in connection
with their respective businesses and operations;

(f)

changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by TenX and/or
the Distributor to operate their respective businesses and operations;

(g)

changes in preferences of customers of TenX and/or the Distributor;

(h)

changes in competitive conditions under which TenX and/or the Distributor operate, and
the ability of TenX and/or the Distributor to compete under such conditions;

(i)

changes in the future capital needs of TenX and/or the Distributor and the availability of
financing and capital to fund such needs;

(j)

war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;

(k)

occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the
businesses and/or operations of TenX and/or the Distributor;

(l)

other factors beyond the control of TenX and/or the Distributor; and

(m)

any risk and uncertainties associated with TenX and/or the Distributor and their
businesses and operations, the PAY tokens, the TenX Initial Token Sale and the TenX
Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper).

All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to TenX and/or the Distributor or persons
acting on behalf of TenX and/or the Distributor are expressly qualified in their entirety by such
factors. Given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance
or achievements of TenX and/or the Distributor to be materially different from that expected,
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Whitepaper, undue reliance must
not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of
the date of this Whitepaper.
Neither TenX, the Distributor nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that
the actual future results, performance or achievements of TenX and/or the Distributor will be as
discussed in those forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or achievements
of TenX and/or the Distributor may differ materially from those anticipated in these forwardlooking statements.
Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
7 of 51

Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or
undertaking as to the future performance or policies of TenX and/or the Distributor.
Further, TenX and/or the Distributor disclaim any responsibility to update any of those forwardlooking statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to
reflect future developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes available
or other events occur in the future.
MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER
PERSONS
This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained
from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, as well as market research,
publicly available information and industry publications. Such surveys, reports, studies, market
research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that
they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but there can be no
assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such included information.
Save for TenX, the Distributor and their respective directors, executive officers and employees,
no person has provided his or her consent to the inclusion of his or her name and/or other
information attributed or perceived to be attributed to such person in connection therewith in this
Whitepaper and no representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be provided as to
the accuracy or completeness of such information by such person and such persons shall not be
obliged
to
provide
any
updates
on
the
same.
While TenX and/or the Distributor have taken reasonable actions to ensure that the information
is extracted accurately and in its proper context, TenX and/or the Distributor have not conducted
any independent review of the information extracted from third party sources, verified the
accuracy or completeness of such information or ascertained the underlying economic
assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, neither TenX, the Distributor, nor their
respective directors, executive officers and employees acting on their behalf makes any
representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and shall not
be obliged to provide any updates on the same.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
8 of 51

TERMS USED
To facilitate a better understanding of the PAY tokens being offered for purchase by the
Distributor, and the businesses and operations of TenX and/or the Distributor, certain technical
terms and abbreviations, as well as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have been used in this
Whitepaper. These descriptions and assigned meanings should not be treated as being definitive
of their meanings and may not correspond to standard industry meanings or usage.
Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and
words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter
genders and vice versa. References to persons shall include corporations.
NO ADVICE
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax
advice regarding TenX, the Distributor, the PAY tokens, the TenX Initial Token Sale and the
TenX Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should consult your own legal,
financial, tax or other professional adviser regarding TenX and/or the Distributor and their
respective businesses and operations, the PAY tokens, the TenX Initial Token Sale and the TenX
Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should be aware that you may be required to
bear the financial risk of any purchase of PAY tokens for an indefinite period of time.
NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE
No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained in
this Whitepaper in connection with TenX and/or the Distributor and their respective businesses
and operations, the PAY tokens, the TenX Initial Token Sale and the TenX Wallet (each as
referred to in the Whitepaper) and, if given, such information or representation must not be relied
upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of TenX and/or the Distributor. The TenX Initial
Token Sale (as referred to in the Whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute a
continuing representation or create any suggestion or implication that there has been no change,
or development reasonably likely to involve a material change in the affairs, conditions and
prospects of TenX and/or the Distributor or in any statement of fact or information contained in
this Whitepaper since the date hereof.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
9 of 51

RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION
The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or
restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where
any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which
are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at
your own expense and without liability to TenX and/or the Distributor.
Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided
access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any
other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained
herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.
NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION
This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not
intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any
jurisdiction. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no
cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper. Any
agreement in relation to any sale and purchase of PAY tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper)
is to be governed by only the T&Cs of such agreement and no other document. In the event of
any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.
You are not eligible to purchase any PAY tokens in the TenX Initial Token Sale (as referred to in
this Whitepaper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the
United States of America or a citizen or resident of the Republic of Singapore.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this
Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or
rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does
not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
10 of 51

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Prospective purchasers of PAY tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) should carefully
consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with TenX, the Distributor and their
respective businesses and operations, the PAY tokens, the TenX Initial Token Sale and the TenX
Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper), all information set out in this Whitepaper and the
T&Cs prior to any purchase of PAY tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties develops into
actual events, the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of TenX
and/or the Distributor could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all
or part of the value of the PAY tokens.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
11 of 51

TenX
At TenX we work on making any blockchain asset spendable
instantly

What is TenX
When we as the co-founders of TenX got together to start this company, it was our vision to have
assets on the blockchain be not only available to industry insiders, but rather something that can
be used by any individual user in the real world.
Additionally, with the emergence of more and more different tokens, a growing number of users
and businesses truly struggle to leverage on the existing infrastructure to make this interconnectedness of physical and virtual platforms become a reality.
At TenX, we strive to offer the user access to as large as possible a range of blockchain assets at
a maximum degree of convenience, while adhering to the highest security standards in the
ecosystem.
We are able to do this by connecting blockchains, leveraging on the COMIT network, including
the COMIT Routing Protocol and the Cross-chain Payment Channels, which works in a
completely trustless, instantaneous and low-cost manner. For further information on the COMIT
network, including the COMIT Routing Protocol and the Cross-chain Payment Channels, please
refer
to
the
whitepaper
in
respect
thereof,
accessible
at
http://www.comit.network/doc/COMIT%20white%20paper%20v1.0.2.pdf.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
12 of 51

To the end-user, we offer the TenX Card, a debit (and, in time to come, credit) card, with an
accompanying TenX Wallet, a mobile wallet that can be funded not only with Bitcoin (BTC),
Ether (ETH), and Dash (DASH) as currently possible, but also with virtually any blockchain
asset in time to come. TenX payment facilities which include the physical and virtual debit card
can be used in almost 200 countries at over 36 million points of acceptance today. This
is possible as we have card issuance partnerships with major credit card companies.
Moreover, users and businesses can exchange their blockchain assets seamlessly from one
user to another in a decentralized manner, removing any risk that is usually associated with
current centralized solutions.

Company Background
When we founded our company in mid-2015, we chose Singapore as our main base. These were
the main considerations we had:
 Singapore is a major and globally recognized financial hub
 The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) is, in our view, open to the development of
start-ups in the FinTech industry
 Southeast Asia is a market with huge growth potential
 According to the World Bank Group,1 50% of the population is still underbanked in
Southeast Asia, China and India
 Singapore is globally connected and recognized, which would greatly assist in business
development and expansion to Europe and the Americas

1

The
information
is
derived
from
the
website
of
the
World
Bank
Group
at
http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/187761468179367706/pdf/WPS7255.pdf#page=3, accessed on 19 June
2017.
The World Bank Group has not provided its consent to the inclusion of the information in this Whitepaper. While
TenX and the Distributor have taken reasonable actions to ensure that the information is extracted accurately and
fairly from such reports and/or publication, and has been included in this Whitepaper in its proper form and context,
neither TenX, the Distributor nor any party has conducted an independent review of the information contained in
such reports nor verified the accuracy of the contents of the relevant information.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
13 of 51

The TenX Team

Toby Hoenisch

Michael Sperk

Paul Kittiwong

Julian Hosp

CEO

CTO

COO

CVO

Chris Miess

Warren Goh

Bettina Schmidt

Tuhina Singh

U-zyn Chua

CFO

Product & User
Experience

Business Operation,
CHO

Blockchain
Developer

Blockchain
Developer

Selected TenX Investors

Vitalik Buterin

Bo Shen

David Lee

Founder of Ethereum Foundation
Partner at Fenbushi Capital

Managing Partner at Fenbushi
Capital

Angel Investor and FinTech
Professor at Singapore Management
University

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
14 of 51

The TenX Wallet
The TenX Wallet is the major game changer as it enables users to spend their blockchain assets
through their smartphone or a physical debit card at over 36 million points of acceptance online
and offline. The TenX App (called the TenX  Blockchain Asset Wallet) is downloadable for
free on Android and we aim to launch the WebApp and iOS versions from July and August 2017
respectively (with the specific launch dates being subject to achievement of the relevant
milestones in the TenX Initial Token Sale, as explained below).

Once the user has downloaded the TenX App, he simply enters his phone number and email
address to set up an account.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
15 of 51

A multi-currency wallet will be created automatically, which the user can then fund with
different cryptocurrencies. The private key to each TenX Wallet is currently secured via an
industry-standard hot & cold storage solution. By the end of 2017, we will directly link the TenX
Wallet to the COMIT network, thereby allowing users to store their own private keys.

The cryptocurrencies do NOT need to be converted to fiat money until an actual transaction
happens, in which case such conversion will be conducted in real-time. The user can choose
between different blockchain assets as a source of payment within the TenX App. Further, the
user can conveniently convert a wide range of blockchain assets such as BTC, ETH and DASH
from one to another by simply using his TenX Wallet.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
16 of 51

The user can choose to order a TenX Card, a virtual and/or physical debit (and in time to come,
credit) card, directly within the TenX App. As a security measure, we allow a user to lock and
unlock his card through the TenX App. This makes our system more secure than traditional
credit and debit card systems.

The user can withdraw his blockchain assets and transfer them to another cryptocurrency wallet
without incurring any fees for such transfer at any time.

Product advantages






Multi-asset (any blockchain asset compatible with and accepted by the TenX Wallet)
Assets stay in cryptocurrency
Best available foreign exchange and transaction fees (with no other charges)
Decentralized and trustless storage
Global access to 36 million points of acceptance online and offline in close to 200
countries
 Any user from non-US countries can sign up now (sign-ups in the US to follow by the
end of 2017)
 Users earn a 0.1% reward for every purchase they make. This incentive will be
transferred to the user in form of PAY tokens initially on a monthly basis, which
additionally gives them the opportunity to become token holders and further benefit from
a potential value upside of the tokens (see the section below entitled TenX Initial Token
Sale for further details). Going forward, TenX aims to distribute the reward more
frequently, with a target of reward distribution on an hourly basis
Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
17 of 51

Fees Comparison Table

Physical card issuing fee
(Incl. shipping & tracking)

Virtual card issuing fee

TenX

WireX & Xapo

TokenCard

$15

$20+

Not applicable

$1.5

$3

Not applicable

$12

Not applicable

FREE
Physical card annual fee

($10 if spend less than
$1000/year)

Virtual card annual fee

($10 if spend less than
$1000/year)

N/A

$12

Domestic exchange fee

0%

0%

1.5%

Foreign exchange fee

0%

3%

4.5%

FREE

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
18 of 51

Product Comparison Table
TenX

WireX & Xapo

Monaco

TokenCard

Bitcoin, Ethereum,
Dash and more

Bitcoin

Bitcoin, Ethereum

Ethereum

Fund Security

Hosted Wallet
and Smart Contract
(with planned integration
with the COMIT network
by Q2 2018)

Hosted Wallet

Hosted Wallet

Smart Contract

Double Spend
Risk

Safe

Safe

Safe

Risky

M and V

V

V

V

Live

Live

Not applicable

Not applicable

Full Control

No Control

Little Control

Partial Control

Yes

No

No

No

0.1% On
Every Purchase

None

None

None

Free

Free
Domestic Only

1%

1.5%

Blockchain Support

Issuer(s)

Status

Users Fund
Security Control

Open Platform

Card Holder
Incentives

Card Holder
Transaction Fees

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
19 of 51

Status Quo TenX
Status of TenX as of May 2017
 Driven by a talented team of developers, designers, lawyers, marketing experts,
cryptography and security experts, as well as bankers and accountants to lay the base for
exponential growth
 Developed the TenX Wallet to allow for instant multi-asset transactions and payments
 Global debit (and, in time to come, credit) card partnerships to allow for instant payments
accepted at over 36 million merchants worldwide and payments directly with your
blockchain assets
 Leveraging on rapidly growing global cyptocurrency user-base of 3 million users in the
and the user-base in the traditional financial world.2 Additionally, there are millions of
potential users that are currently unbanked
 Successfully completed a USD 1 million seed round from highly respected investors
(Crunchbase) in March 2017
 Backed by highly experienced investors such as Vitalik Buterin (creator of the Ethereum
foundation), David Lee (FinTech Professor at Singapore Management University), Bo
Shen (Partner at Fenbushi Capital) and many others to guide us on our journey
 Excellent industry support - selected to join the Paypal incubator program in Singapore,3
giving us access to highly valuable legal and commercial support
Current status of the TenX Wallet as of May 2017
2

The information is derived from the website of NewsBTC at http://www.newsbtc.com/2017/05/07/three-millioncryptocurrency-users/, accessed on 19 June 2017.
NewsBTC has not provided its consent to the inclusion of the information in this Whitepaper. While TenX and the
Distributor have taken reasonable actions to ensure that the information is extracted accurately and fairly from such
reports and/or publication, and has been included in this Whitepaper in its proper form and context, neither TenX,
the Distributor nor any party has conducted an independent review of the information contained in such reports nor
verified the accuracy of the contents of the relevant information.
3

The information is derived from the website of Tech In Asia at https://www.techinasia.com/paypal-incubatorstartups-first-cohort, accessed on 19 June 2017.
Tech In Asia has not provided its consent to the inclusion of the information in this Whitepaper. While TenX and the
Distributor have taken reasonable actions to ensure that the information is extracted accurately and fairly from such
reports and/or publication, and has been included in this Whitepaper in its proper form and context, neither TenX,
the Distributor nor any party has conducted an independent review of the information contained in such reports nor
verified the accuracy of the contents of the relevant information.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
20 of 51







Active product that has been live since the beginning of 2017
Beta test successfully completed with 1,000 users in Singapore
Used for transactions of over USD 100,000 in spending volume during the Beta test
Bitcoin, Ethereum (including ERC20 support) and Dash integrated
International roll-out to all major countries except for the US. The expansion to the US
market will follow by the end of 2017
 WebApp roll-out by July 2017 and iOS roll-out by August 2017 (with the specific launch
dates being subject to achievement of the relevant milestones in the TenX Initial Token
Sale, as explained below)
 Successful transactions carried out in over 50 countries

COMIT Integration
 We welcome feedback from blockchain and tech-savvy readers on this part of the
Whitepaper.
Payment Flow
TenX Card holders can use any blockchain asset to buy products and services at any of over 36
million merchants that accept global credit cards. We use Cross-chain Payment Channels of the
COMIT network to allow the user to settle incoming payment requests from the credit card
networks in real-time.
The following is an illustration of how a payment is made in real-time from a users TenX
Wallet and settled on the credit card network
1. User pays at the merchant using his virtual or physical TenX Card
2. The card network will send an authorization request to our servers for the purchase
amount
3. TenX will send an invoice through the COMIT network to the user
4. The user will then choose which blockchain asset to use for the payment and send the
correct amount to TenX through the COMIT network
5. Upon receiving the corresponding amount for the invoice, TenX will authorize the
payment to the merchant

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
21 of 51

To allow for real-time transactions, the user will need to configure his TenX Wallet with his
preferred default blockchain asset as the payment source and set a spending limit. This only takes
seconds and the user retains full control over his funds at any given time.

Fee Disbursement Flow
For every card transaction a merchant accepts, the merchant pays 0.5-3% in the form of a
merchant discount fee. This fee is then split among his bank, also called the acquiring bank, the
card scheme and the issuing bank. The fee that is paid to the issuing bank is called the
interchange fee. Traditionally this fee is plain profit for the issuer, but often is also used to give
rewards to the user in form of air miles or similar benefits. At TenX, we reward our users with
PAY tokens on every purchase to allow them to become a token holder. Subsequently, PAY
token holders will receive an incentive of 0.5% of the entire payment volume on the TenX
payment platform initially on a monthly basis. TenX aims to distribute the reward in shorter
periods of time in the future, with a target of hourly reward distribution.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
22 of 51

Cross-chain Payment Channel of COMIT network
We use Cross-chain Payment Channels and the COMIT Routing Protocol to allow our users to
use their blockchain assets in real-time in the real world. TenX will be the first liquidity provider
in the network to offer real-world payments. By using the COMIT Routing Protocol, a user can
use any blockchain asset for his payments.

For further information on the COMIT network, including the COMIT Routing Protocol and the
Cross-chain Payment Channels, please refer to the whitepaper in respect thereof, accessible at
http://www.comit.network/doc/COMIT%20white%20paper%20v1.0.2.pdf.

Why build on top of COMIT?
Similar to the way the internet added value by enabling connectivity between local intranets, the
COMIT network adds value to individual blockchains by creating connectivity between them.
The COMIT network is the internet of blockchains. COMIT therefore, will not have to be
created by any individual entity. Instead, it will automatically operate as the ecosystem will
strive to connect separate blockchains.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
23 of 51

This is how the features of the COMIT network compares to those of other transaction solutions:
Traditional Banks

Online Banks

Blockchains

COMIT

Fees

High

Medium

Low

Near Zero

Speed

Slow

Fast

Fast

Instant

Security

Trust-based

Trust-based

Cryptographic

Cryptographic

Control

Centralized

Centralized

Decentralized

Decentralized

Accessibility

Low

Low

Medium

High

Interoperability

Low

Low

Medium

High

Flexibility

Low

Low

Medium

High

Business Profitability

Low

Low

Medium

High

Spurring Growth

Low

Low

Medium

High

Scalability

Low

Medium

Low

High

With this vision in mind, we have developed our company TenX to leverage on the advantages
of the COMIT network.

Timeline Preview Overview
Date

Event

May 2015

Idea of TenX pitched at DBS Blockchain Hackathon, awarded
first prize of SGD 15,000. Invested the money in starting TenX

11th June 2015

TenX officially incorporated in Singapore (previously named as
OnePay)

July 2015

Startup Boot Camp Fintech Accelerator (EiR)

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
24 of 51

August 2015

First MVP (Minimum Viable Product) of the TenX Wallet

February 2016

Angel Round with USD 120,000 invested

July 2016

Admission to the Paypal incubation programme

August 2016

Card issuing partnership signed (m)

September 2016

Alpha version of TenX wallet goes live
Rebranded as TenX

Ocotober 2016

Bitcoin added as the first blockchain asset

January 2017

COMIT whitepaper released

February 2017

Closed Beta test with 1,000 users generating approximately
SGD 100,000 in transaction volume

March 2017

Seed round led by Fenbushi Capital
Over USD 1 million raised
Vitalik Buterin joins as advising investor

April 2017

Registration open for Singaporean users

May 2017

ETH and DASH added as additional assets compatible with
TenX Wallet
Joined Finnish Start-up Sauna for European strategy

June 2017

More card issuing partnership signed (v)
Registration open for users worldwide (with a few exceptions)

June 24th 2017,
9PM Singapore Time/
3PM Munich Time/
9AM New York Time/
2PM London Time

Commencement of TenX Initial Token Sale

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
25 of 51

TenX Initial Token Sale
What is an Initial Token Sale?
An Initial Token Sale (ITS) is an event in which a new cryptocurrency project sells part of its
cryptocurrency tokens to early adopters and enthusiasts in exchange for funding. For the party
offering the tokens for sale, this has become a well-documented and well-respected way to raise
funds to upscale an existing product or service.
The sale by the Distributor of PAY tokens in connection with an Initial Token Sale (the TenX
Initial Token Sale) to you as a purchaser thereof, will be subject to and governed by the T&Cs
- which is a separate document setting out the terms and conditions of the agreement as between
the Distributor and you in relation to the TenX Initial Token Sale. In the event of any
inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.
The Distributor will be an affiliate of TenX, and will deploy all proceeds of sale of PAY Tokens
in connection with the TenX Initial Token Sale to fund TenXs cryptocurrency project, businesses
and operations.
Unless the context requires otherwise, references to we or us in connection with the TenX
Initial Token Sale shall be construed as references to the Distributor.

The TenX Initial Token Sale is hereby announced on:
June 24th 2017
9PM Singapore Time (UTC+8)/
3PM Munich Time/
9AM New York Time/
2PM London Time
Official Website
www.tenx.tech
Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
26 of 51

Why an Initial Token Sale?
Even though TenX already has a live, multi-asset cryptocurrency wallet with the TenX Wallet,
the leap forward with integration with the COMIT network is anticipated to be more than just a
straight-line progression. Bringing developers, marketing personnel, a legal team, designers and
many other talented people on board will require additional funds. Offering an Initial Token Sale
instead of a traditional venture capital round enables the community to participate in TenXs
success story, rather than limiting it to a small, selected number of traditional venture capital
funds. Furthermore, by giving PAY tokens to users of the TenX Wallet and the TenX Card,
whenever they use the TenX Card, they will benefit from TenXs future success. An Initial
Token Sale is fast, transparent and efficient for exactly this purpose.

General Token Sale Overview
On June 24th 2017 starting at 9PM Singapore Time (see the applicable commencement times in
more timezones above), we will offer 51% of all PAY tokens to be created for purchase by the
public in the TenX Initial Token Sale under the ticker symbol PAY. A further 29% of all PAY
tokens to be created will be retained by TenX and/or the Distributor for distribution for
community initiatives, business development, academic research, education and market
expansion, to name just a few. The remaining 20% of PAY tokens to be created will be
distributed to TenXs founders, employees and early investors as an incentive to ensure long
term alignment of interests and commitment to the tokens and their future value. Further details
of the distribution of tokens are set out below.
Each PAY token will be sold for 1/350 ETH, meaning 1 ETH will give you 350 PAY tokens.
Other accepted cryptocurrencies will be converted live in ETH. There is a minimum purchase
amount of 10 PAY tokens per purchase.
We will accept a maximum (fixed limit) of 200,000 ETH, for purchase of PAY tokens in the
TenX Initial Token Sale. The PAY tokens created for such maximum amount contributed will in
turn represent 51% of all PAY tokens. Should this amount be reached before the end of the sale
on 24 July 2017, 8.59pm Singapore Time (UTC+8), which is 4 weeks after the token sale
commencement date, we will cut off the sale.
In the case of an amount of contribution falling below such maximum amount, the percentage of
51% of all tokens will be adjusted accordingly, with the difference between such lower amount
and the maximum amount being reserved for future token sales.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
27 of 51

Holders of PAY tokens will receive 0.5% of the aggregate payment volume that is spent by all
users with the TenX Card on a monthly basis initially. The payments to the token holders will be
paid in ETH (Ether), or the closest equivalent thereof in the case where ETH is replaced by
another cryptocurrency in the future. Going forward, TenX will strive to distribute the rewards in
shorter time periods, with a target of hourly reward distribution.
Users of the TenX Card will receive 0.1% from each transaction they make with the TenX Card
initially on a monthly basis, as an incentive in the form of PAY tokens (similar to how users are
rewarded with air-miles or other forms of cash back in kind for usage of existing cards today).
This incentive for users of the TenX Card will have a great benefit to existing token holders
since this recurring redistribution of tokens will create an additional demand for tokens in the
market. This additional reward for users in the form of PAY tokens is bought on the open market
and will create price support.
Please note that we will not create any new PAY tokens after the TenX Initial Token Sale.

Important Milestones based on different amounts of funding
received in connection with the TenX Initial Token Sale

If the fund raising in connection with the TenX Initial Token Sale reaches a minimum of at least
50,000 ETH, TenX will be able to offer TenXs services soon on mobile platforms in addition to
Android, including iOS and WebApp. Further, it is envisaged that TenX will explore the
development and operation of a multi-card platform to expand blockchain assets spending
coverage via further issuing partnerships with issuers such as Unionpay and American Express,
in addition to the current issuing partnerships already established.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
28 of 51

Moreover, funding at this level would enable TenX to add and support more and more different
cryptocurrencies and tokens to offer our users the opportunity to use an even wider variety of
cryptocurrencies in real-world transactions. Integrating more blockchain assets for compatibility
with the TenX Wallet will greatly benefit the user by making more and more of their tokens or
other blockchain assets spendable, as easy as spending a $100 bill.

Funds dedicated

Target Reached

Ca. 7,500 ETH

Programming, testing and going live with the
WebApp including Beta tests, stability tests,
market and user analysis

Ca. 7,500 ETH

Programming, testing and going live with iOS
mobile application including Beta test,
stability tests, market and user analysis

Ca. 25,000 ETH

Identifying and acquiring different new credit
and debit card issuing partnerships for TenX
Integrating the usage of such new cards with
the TenX Wallet
Roll out of multi-card strategy
Recruiting a full-time support staff team going
forward to facilitate transactions services visa-vis the card partners and the card users

Ca. 10,000 ETH

Appointing and coordinating with external
auditors to certify the quality of TenXs
operations and internal controls in connection
with the TenX Wallet
On the financial side, a Big 4 firm, such as
Deloitte or PwC will provide ongoing
monitoring of our financial and accounting
standards
From a security and IT perspective, TenX will
hire a best-in-class external auditor to
establish a long term working relationship
with them

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
29 of 51

If the TenX Initial Token Sale generates another 50,000 ETH, these funds will enable TenX to
ramp up the development of the COMIT network and TenX will be able to fully integrate it with
the TenX Wallet by Q2 2018.
The COMIT network is a very technically complicated and resource-intensive project. It will
take a lot of resources to establish and finalise it, and it will be a long way until it is live and
operational. However, the COMIT network will fundamentally revolutionise the blockchain
world. In an unprecedented manner, it potentially connects different blockchains without
introducing new hurdles and complications in between them.
The COMIT network will completely change the way the business is conducted and how we
understand todays blockchain ecosystem. On the COMIT network, a plethora of new
applications, functions and services will be built to create a quantum leap for the blockchain
industry.

Funds Dedicated

COMIT Network
Milestones

Timeline

Ca. 20,000 ETH

Development of first public
Beta version

Q4 2017

Ca. 10,000 ETH

Comprehensive security audit

Q1 2018

Ca. 10,000 ETH

Production release, COMIT
being fully functional and
operational

Q2 2018

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
30 of 51

With the next 50,000 ETH, TenX will be able to apply for a banking license to create an even
better user experience and to gradually integrate fiat currencies into the TenX Wallet and TenX
Card, alongside all the cryptocurrencies to come.
Such banking licence will give TenX and token holders the benefit of significant increases in
revenues from interchange fees and improved control over card fees, card limits, royalty fees as
well as loyalty points programmes such as airlines.
Obtaining a banking licence is a strategic trojan horse into the fiat currency world, and convince
late adopters and late majority users to begin using cryptocurrencies. TenX intends to offer
normal fiat deposits, which will be fully insured by governments of different jurisdictions. TenX
will be able to issue fiat currency-linked tokens on the blockchain for all users and it will be fully
backed by state guarantees. This will allow TenX to become a major systemic hub and one of the
most important financial institutions connecting blockchain assets and the fiat currency world.
A wide variety of institutions ranging from exchanges to blockchain businesses can benefit from
TenX as bridge between these two worlds.
The US is one of the most important financial markets, which requires dedication of legal and
compliance resources. The capital raised will help TenX build global coverage unlike any other
company.

Funds dedicated

Target Reached

Ca. 15,000 ETH

Recruiting a specialised banking team driving
the TenX bank initiative forward in the long
run

Ca. 15,000 ETH

Establishing working dialogues with, or

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
31 of 51

consulting regulatory authorities around the
world
Appointing and coordinating with external
auditors to implement best practices to
facilitate application for a banking license
Membership
in
non-governmental
organisations and governing bodies in crossborder banking regulation
Ca. 15,000 ETH

Applying for banking licences in different
countries across the globe, noting that legal
and compliance fees are different in each
country
Financial and fully-operational teams might
be needed

Ca. 5,000 ETH

Applying for a banking licence in the US,
noting that compliance in the US is likely
more resource-intensive compared to other
countries

To start a decentralized exchange we require liquidity, so payments received which are above
150,000 ETH will be used as liquidity for the COMIT network.
Any successful exchange requires liquidity to commence and maintain operations. This will
allow the COMIT network to have a best in class liquidity and spread. Only with that foundation
we can attract more users and therefore more transaction volume. The more diversified the range
of cryptocurrencies and tokens which the Distributor can accept as payment in the TenX Initial
Token Sale, the more liquidity there will be for the COMIT network.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
32 of 51

Funds dedicated

Target reached

Ca. 50,000 ETH

This liquidity is equal to the current
ShapeShift daily volume. The COMIT
network will be able to provide sustainable
liquidity considering even a uni-directional
market. However, with a bi-directional
market, this liquidity can sustain more than
500,000 ETH in daily volume with potentially
the lowest spread in the market.

TenX Initial Token Sale Summary
Project Description

TenX aims to make any blockchain asset
spendable instantly in the future

TenX Wallet Description

The TenX Wallet is a multi-asset
cryptocurrency wallet that can be used with a
debit (or, in time to come, credit) card
worldwide

Ticker Symbol

PAY

Token Background

PAY is built as an ERC20 token on the
Ethereum blockchain

Start Date

24 June 2017,
9PM Singapore Time (UTC+8)/
3PM Munich Time/
9AM New York Time/
2PM London Time

End Date

24 July 2017,
8.59PM Singapore Time (UTC+8)
2.59PM Munich Time/
8.59AM New York Time/
1.59PM London
Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
33 of 51

(4 weeks after the token sale commencement date)

PAY token price

1 PAY token equals 1/350 ETH (1 ETH will
buy 350 PAY tokens)

Total Percentage of all PAY tokens for public, 80%
comprising (a) and (b) below
(a) Percentage of all PAY tokens for TenX
Initial Token Sale

51%

(b) Percentage of all PAY tokens for
community initiatives etc

29%

Percentage of all PAY tokens for long-term
alignment of interests

20%

Target Amount Sold (Fixed limit)

200,000 ETH worth of PAY Tokens

Project Status

Live product

Escrow of funds

Funds secured in multi-signature escrow
account

Token holder reward

0.5% of entire payment volume spent through
TenX Wallet

Card user incentive

0.1% of users individual transactions

Early bird bonus

20% of token purchase amount

Accepted cryptocurrencies for the ITS

Ethereum (ETH), Bitcoin (BTC), ERC20
Tokens and many more (for the full list of
accepted cryptocurrencies, please refer to our
website at https://tokensale.tenx.tech/)

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
34 of 51

Overview of Token Structure
The Distributor will offer 51% of all PAY tokens to be created for purchase by the public in the
TenX Initial Token Sale while a further 29% of the PAY tokens to be created will be retained by
TenX and/or the Distributor to be distributed for purposes including community initiatives,
business development, academic research, education and market expansion. The Distributor
considers this is testament to the fact that TenX wants to be open and inclusive of the community
at large, which TenX perceives as TenXs most valuable asset. The Distributor considers it is a
strong signal of trust in TenX if the community owns more than half of the PAY tokens from the
very beginning.
At the same time, TenX feels that it is essential that the interests of TenX be aligned with those
of the ecosystem in the long-term. In order to be able to support long term growth in a
sustainable way, founders, early backers and the development team of TenX will be rewarded
with the remaining 20% of tokens in exchange for their efforts and resources contributed to the
development of the TenX Wallet and the COMIT network.

I)

Percentage of tokens (the TenX Initial Token Sale and purposes including
community initiatives, business development, academic research, education and
market expansion)

80%

I.I)

Percentage of tokens for the TenX Initial Token Sale

51%

I.II) Percentage of tokens for purposes including community initiatives, business
development, academic research, education and market expansion

29%

II)

20%

Percentage of tokens for founders, early backers and the development team for
a long term alignment of interests

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
35 of 51

Detailed Breakdown Token Structure
I) 80% of all tokens will be distributed to the public in the long run (for the TenX Initial
Token Sale, community initiatives, etc.)
This will ensure long term growth of the TenX Wallet and the PAY tokens, and will support
development of the ecosystem as a whole. The team at TenX believes in inclusivity and that the
whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
I.I) 51% of all tokens will be distributed during the TenX Initial Token Sale
The funds raised will be used to finance the operations of TenX for the next 4 years. This
includes funding development, administration, marketing, financial and legal costs.
I.II) 29% of all tokens will be distributed for community initiatives etc.
During the next 4 years, 29% of all tokens will be distributed for community initiatives, business
development, academic research, education and market expansion.
This budget will be securely held in publically viewable cryptocurrency wallets and are subject
to scrutiny by the entire community.
 20%: Business development
In order to incentivize the adoption of PAY tokens and COMIT technology as well as to
promote the development of decentralized applications which are in the infancy stage, 20% of
the total PAY tokens will be dedicated to selected industries and projects. This includes funding
of strategic planning, project support and coin swap initiatives as detailed below.
 10% will be used to facilitate the adoption of the PAY tokens and the COMIT
network in selected industries such as financial services, supply chain
management, social media, Internet of Things (IoT) and artificial intelligence
 10% will be used for coin swaps of PAY tokens with cryptocurrencies of other
blockchain open-source ecosystems. The cryptocurrencies acquired this way will
be distributed among PAY token holders and stakeholders

 9%: Academic research, education, and market expansion
This part of the token supply will be used to sponsor academic research, educational
materials for developers, as well as promotion of the COMIT network and the sharing of
technologies and contributions with open-source communities. Some of the planned
activities include:
Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
36 of 51

 Establishing research labs in cooperation with high profile universities
 Creating tutorials and educational materials for COMIT network developers using
different blockchains such as Ethereum and Bitcoin
 Cooperating with other open-source communities such as Docker, Linux, Android
to integrate COMIT network libraries into existing developer stacks by default
 Organising events and conferences to raise the awareness of the COMIT network
technology and facilitate market adoption
II) 20% of all tokens will be distributed amongst founders, early backers and development
team
Founders, early backers and development team will be rewarded with tokens for their efforts and
resources contributed to the development of PAY tokens and TenX.

 10% will be reserved as an asset in the company to bring value to early investors. TenX
received over USD 1 million from a range of notable blockchain investors and
entrepreneurs, some of which are listed below:
 Vitalik Buterin, Founder of Ethereum Foundation
 Bo Shen, Fenbushi Capital managing partner
 David Lee, Professor at Founder of Ferrell Asset Management Pte Ltd
 10% will be used by TenX to incentivise founders, employees and the development team.
Each TenX founder and employee will receive part of their compensation package in
PAY tokens, which will vest over 4 years.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
37 of 51

TenX Initial Token Sale Bonus Schedule
One (1) ETH will give you 350 PAY tokens. That means that one PAY token is worth 1/350
ETH. There will be extra tokens offered as a bonus for users who commit earlier (early-bird
bonus). See the time table below for the exact bonus schedule.
Time

Available Token Bonus

First 24h

+20%

Day 2 and day 3

+10%

Day 4 to day 7

+5%

Day 8 to day 14

+2.5%

Final 14 days

no bonus

	

The bonus tokens will be allocated on top of the regular tokens that you are purchasing. For
example, if you are planning to buy tokens for 50 ETH within the first 24 hours, you will receive
17,500 tokens plus another 3,500 tokens as a bonus (which represents 20% of your 17,500 token
purchase), so 21,000 tokens as a total.

Additionally, we offer two extra goodies:
If you buy 25 ETH or more worth of tokens, you will be amongst the first recipients of our
new and highly exclusive limited edition TenX Card, which will only be issued in the TenX
Initial Token Sale (subject to availability). The TenX team will release a timestamped list (based
on time of purchase) after the TenX Initial Token Sale as well as details on the procedures for
users to order their cards on http://tenx.tech. The cards can only be delivered to users who have
made payment for the issuing fee and have indicated delivery addresses which are in the list of
countries which we deliver to, in accordance with the information set out on
https://www.tenx.tech/fees.html.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
38 of 51

LIMITED EDITION: TenX Special

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
39 of 51

If you want to be part of the super exclusive TenX token sale founders team circle and you
1,250 ETH or more worth of tokens, you will receive the founders edition TenX Card, which
will only be issued in the TenX Initial Token Sale (subject to availability). The TenX team will
release a timestamped list (based on time of purchase) after the TenX Initial Token Sale as well
as details on the procedures for users to order their cards on http://tenx.tech. The cards can only
be delivered to users who have made payment for the issuing fee and have indicated delivery
addresses which are in the list of countries which we deliver to, in accordance with the
information set out on https://www.tenx.tech/fees.html.

FOUNDER EDITION: TenX Platinum

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
40 of 51

FOUNDER EDITION: TenX Platinum Case

Amount of PAY tokens
purchased

ETH Equivalent Purchased

Exclusive Card Bonus

8,750 PAY tokens or more

25 ETH or more

Highly exclusive TenX debit
card limited edition. Only up
to 1,000 cards available
worldwide.

437,500 PAY tokens or more

1,250 ETH or more

Super limited founders
edition TenX platinum card.
Only up to 50 cards available
worldwide. May include other
extra surprise goodies.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
41 of 51

TenX Initial Token Sale Timeline
Commencement of TenX Initial Token Sale

June 24th 2017,
9PM Singapore Time (UTC+8)/
3PM Munich Time/
9AM New York Time/
2PM London Time

24 hours bonus

20%

Next 2 days

10%

Next 4 days

5%

Next 7 days

2.5%

End of TenX Initial Token Sale

July 24th 2017,
8.59PM Singapore Time (UTC+8)
2.59PM Munich Time/
8.59AM New York Time/
1.59PM London
(4 weeks after the token sale commencement date)

Distribution of PAY tokens

Planned distribution starts 2-3 days after the
end of the TenX Initial Token Sale

Commencement of trading

Planned trading commences in August 2017

Commencement of transferability

On the first day of trading

Funds Escrow
All payments received for PAY tokens in connection with the TenX Initial Token Sale will be
held in escrow in a multi-signature address, with a multi key structure. Keys of this multisignature account will stay with TenX, Fenbushi and Ferrell Asset Management Pte Ltd.
Fenbushi is one of the most respected firms in the Ethereum ecosystem. Ferrell Asset
Management Pte Ltd is a MAS-licensed multi-asset manager which has been in operation for
more than 20 years, and was founded by one of our advisors, Mr. David Lee.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
42 of 51

Funding Breakdown
As mentioned above, a certain part of the PAY tokens will be retained by TenX and/or the
Distributor after the TenX Initial Token Sale to ensure the long-term alignment of interests. It is
important for TenX that the community understands how these funds will be spent. The pie-chart
below illustrates how such PAY tokens that are retained by TenX and/or the Distributor after the
conclusion of the TenX Initial Token Sale will be allocated.

 Integration of the COMIT network: The COMIT network will be the backbone to operate
the TenX Wallet in a decentralised, instant and true multi-asset manner. The largest
portion of our funds will go towards integrating our TenX App and the TenX Wallet with
the COMIT network
 Marketing and sales: The TenX team is driven by some of the best marketing experts in
our team. TenX will continue to run its marketing efforts on a very lean, cost-efficient
basis and keep user acquisition costs one of the lowest in the industry. For further details,
please refer to the section entitled Go-to market strategy below
 Multi-platform support: TenX will continuously support and introduce new features, user
interfaces and language support for the TenX Wallet on iOS, WebApp and Android
 Development fund: A small portion of the funds will be dedicated for strategic
partnerships to enhance the revenue stream for our PAY token holders. This could be, for
example, in the form of co-branding and co-marketing initiatives with other companies

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
43 of 51

 Administration and operations: TenX is running a very lean, cost-effective start-up and
will continue to do so in the future. Being in the blockchain ecosystem and adhering to
the highest standards, there are some operational costs associated with accounting and
administrative overheads to take care of the business processes needed for a growing
international business
 Legal: One of our primary focuses when starting this company in early 2015 was to
establish a solid legal foundation for TenX. We have been in direct contact with the
MAS, have built our in-house legal & compliance team with the help of Paypal and are
deeply connected in Singapore to raise awareness for this amazing new technology in the
legal world. In particular, TenX has engaged the legal services of Dentons Rodyk &
Davidson LLP to advise on the TenX Initial Token Sale
Based on TenXs earlier successful USD 1 million seed round, TenX is confident to complete a
successful Series A fundraising exercise in the near future. Depending on whether the funding
goal is reached in the TenX Initial Token Sale, this can be between 9 to 24 months from now.
In TenXs opinion, the later TenX raises its Series A, the higher its valuation will be. This will
also have a positive knock-on effect on holders of PAY tokens.
Important notice once again: TenX and/or the Distributor will not create any new PAY tokens
after the TenX Initial Token Sale.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
44 of 51

TenX Initial Token Sale Procedure
To participate in the PAY token sale, we accept the following currencies:





Ethereum (ETH)
Bitcoin (BTC)
ERC20 Tokens
And many more (for the full list of accepted cryptocurrencies, please refer to our website
at https://tokensale.tenx.tech/)

The tokens will be delivered to the purchaser after the purchase. Transferability will start from
the first day of trading, which is planned to start anytime from August 2017.

Usage of Currencies
For TenX it is super important to be inclusive of as many crypto-communities as possible, as
TenX strongly believes that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
For this reason, the Distributor will strive to offer the possibility to allow contributions of as
many different tokens and cryptocurrencies as possible for the TenX Initial Token Sale. The
Distributors goal is to unite as many different crypto-communities in support of TenX as
possible and provide them with a platform to spend their tokens and coins using our product. It
was a lot of work, but TenX has managed to find secure ways to accept such a wide variety of
tokens and cryptocurrencies.
As an additional incentive for the community, when an equivalent of 2000 ETH in respect of
cryptocurrencies or tokens in the TenX Initial Token Sale has been received as payments, TenX
will dedicate our resources to the integration of such additional cryptocurrencies or tokens such
that they are accepted and compatible with the TenX Card and TenX Wallet to allow you to use
such cryptocurrencies or tokens for any payments with the TenX Wallet. For example, if we
receive an equivalent of 2000 ETH or more in Litecoins, we will strive to integrate Litecoin for
compatibility with the TenX Wallet.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
45 of 51

Equivalent of ETH

Incentive

Contribution of tokens and cryptocurrencies
in the equivalent value of 2000 ETH

Such cryptocurrency or token will be
integrated in the TenX Wallet and the user
will be able to spend it directly via the TenX
Card

For each token and cryptocurrency on the list above, you will receive PAY tokens in exchange,
just as if you bought them with Ether or Bitcoin instead. The exchange rate that will be used to
calculate this will be based on the rate of the currency or token you would like to use vis-a-vis
Ethereum.
For example, if users buy PAY tokens in the equivalent value of 2000 ETH or more in ZCash,
TenX will integrate ZCash in its TenX Wallet and users will be able to spend their tokens
directly with the TenX Card and the TenX App.

Illustration of Benefits
Following is an illustration of benefits accruing to the token holders. Please bear in mind that all
numbers are assumptions based on our best estimates.
Number of users

1 million

Average spend per user per month

USD 100

Total annual spending volume through TenX
Wallet

USD 1.2 billion

Allocated revenue incentive (0.5%)

USD 6 million

Illustrative market cap

USD 20 million

Revenue incentive / market cap

30% per annum

Based on recent observations of the ecosystem, TenX perceives these numbers as realistic rather
than optimistic. Benefits to token holders are linearly associated with the number of users and
volume of payments through the Tenx Wallet. This can be calculated with the following formula:

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
46 of 51

Number of users: U
Average spend per user per month: S
PAY Market Cap: M

Next Steps
Date

Event

July 24th 2017,
8.59PM Singapore Time (UTC+8)
2.59PM Munich Time/
8.59AM New York Time/
1.59PM London

Conclusion of the TenX Initial Token Sale

(4 weeks after the token sale commencement date)

July 2017

Announcement of partnerships with exchange
Rollout of ERC20 Token support for Pay
tokens
Launch of WebApp version of the TenX
wallet

August 2017

Launch of iOS version of the TenX App

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
47 of 51

September 2017

Additional partnerships with exchanges and
currencies for TenX Wallet

Q4 2017

Operational status of decentralised secure
smart contracts (DSS)

Q4 2017

Launch of initial live version of COMIT

Q1 2018

Comprehensive testing and audits on security
of the COMIT network

Q2 2018

Full integration of the COMIT network

Q3 2018

COMIT platform accessible by developers

Q4 2018

Onboarding of other blockchain assets such as
exchange traded funds (ETFs), derivatives and
other investment products

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
48 of 51

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
49 of 51

Go-to market Strategy

Conclusion
We at TenX believe that blockchain technologies and cryptocurrency payments are the way of
payments in the future. In order to make such payments possible for all consumers with
maximum convenience, we aim to connect the blockchains in the background and offer the user
an easy-to-use interface so he has instant access to any of his blockchain assets.
With the TenX Initial Token Sale to be conducted by the Distributor, a wide range of individuals
will have the opportunity to participate in our long-term growth and success story to
fundamentally change the world of payments, transactions and banking.
Our ultimate vision is for any asset on any blockchain, be it real estate, gold or a cryptocurrency,
to be as spendable as a $100 bill in your pocket.
Be part of our success story and join the TenX Initial Token Sale. We are looking forward to
welcoming you on-board our journey into the future.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
50 of 51

Formerly

Acknowledgements
We would like to thank anyone not directly mentioned in this Whitepaper in supporting and
assisting us over all this time. We also wish to thank the entire blockchain community for laying
the foundation over the past 8 years. A special thank you also goes out to anyone involved with
the Lightning Network for your groundbreaking research.

Copyright 2017 @ TenX PTE LTD
team@tenx.tech
51 of 51

Tierion Network
Aglobalplatformfor
verifiabledata
Authors: Wayne Vaughan, Jason Bukowski, Glenn Rempe

June 25, 2017

Table of Contents
Introduction

4

History

5

Use Cases

6

Tierion Network

8

Chainpoint Service

10

Benefits

10

Chainpoint Proofs

11

Chainpoint Proof Generation

20

Chainpoint Service Infrastructure

22

Economics

26

Tierion Network Token

27

Conclusion

28

Appendix A: Full Chainpoint 3.0 Proof Sample

29

Endnotes

33

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
2

Introduction
Businesses safeguard and notarize important documents such as property titles and contracts
to ensure anyone can prove their veracity. Surprisingly, there isnt a universal equivalent for
safeguarding digital data. Much of the worlds important information is stored digitally and is
susceptible to modification by system administrators or hackers. When data is sent over the
Internet, the recipient often cant verify when the data was created or if it has been modified
from its original state. Problems with data integrity and digital record-keeping are particularly
severe in regulated industries such as healthcare, insurance, and financial services where data
corruption or tampering has significant legal and reputational consequences.
Tierion is building a universal platform for data verification. Tierion works by creating a proof that
links data to a transaction on a blockchain. This is called anchoring. Anyone with this proof can
verify the datas integrity and timestamp without relying on a trusted authority.
Tierion launched in 2015 and has become the most widely used platform for anchoring data to
the blockchain. Tierions key innovation was making it simple to anchor a virtually unlimited
amount of data to a single blockchain transaction. Tierions launch also marked the introduction
of the Chainpoint protocol, the first standard proof format for anchoring data to a blockchain.
Several open source projects and multiple vendors have adopted the Chainpoint protocol. In
July 2016, Chainpoint 2.01 was published. It featured several improvements, including the use of
JSON-LD2 and anchoring into multiple blockchains. Tierion formed the Chainpoint W3C
Community in September 20163. Chainpoint is the first technology of its kind to receive public
support from a major Internet standards organization4.
To continue our mission to secure the worlds data, were launching the Tierion Network.
Chainpoint has been upgraded to version 3.0 and now runs as a service on the Tierion Network.
Together, they provide a universal platform for data verification that operates at massive scale.
Microsoft is joining Tierion in running a core part of the network infrastructure. Anyone can join
the Tierion Network by running a node. Each node improves the networks scalability and
reliability. Along with this new distributed architecture, a token is being introduced. The Tierion
Network Token (TNT) provides an economic incentive to secure the network infrastructure, and
serves as a method of settlement between parties to access network resources.
Each Node serves as a mini-Tierion. Node operators can provide users with services using
conventional payment and delivery models.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
3

History
Using the Bitcoin blockchain5 to notarize documents was popularized by Manuel Aroz with the
creation of Proof of Existence6 in 2012. This system, and others like it, publish a hash of a
document in a Bitcoin transaction. Hashes allow computers to compare arbitrarily complex data
and determine if they are identical. By comparing the hash of a document with the hash
published in the blockchain, it is possible to prove the document existed before the timestamp of
the block containing that Bitcoin transaction.

Why use Bitcoin?
Bitcoins security model is enforced by the entire network instead of a trusted central authority.
Once a transaction is confirmed, it becomes part of an immutable ledger that is distributed
across a global network of nodes. It is practically impossible for a malicious agent to alter data
on the blockchain.

Shortcomings
These early systems had several shortcomings and never achieved significant commercial
adoption:
1) Not Scalable - One document hash was published per Bitcoin transaction. Bitcoins
current network throughput is approximately three transactions per second7. This is far
too low to support the worlds applications.
2) Cost - In June 2015, the cost of anchoring data into Bitcoin was approximately $0.03
USD. In June of 2017, that cost has increased over 100x to $3.40 USD.
3) Inaccurate - Bitcoins block time accuracy is  2 hours8. This means the timestamp of
the block could be an hour before a transaction was published. Time travel violates the
laws of physics.
These limitations made it impractical and cost prohibitive to anchor large volumes of data in the
Bitcoin blockchain.
Tierion overcame these obstacles and made it simple to link a virtually unlimited amount of data
to a single transaction on the blockchain. For the first time, developers had an easy-to-use and
affordable service for anchoring data at scale. Chainpoint provided a standard proof format and
open source tools for the creation and verification of Chainpoint proofs.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
4

Use Cases
Since launching in June 2015, Tierion has been used by many organizations in a wide variety of
industries. Several open source projects have adopted the Chainpoint protocol. Here are some
examples that demonstrate how the technology is being used.
Microsoft - Attestations & Data Integrity
Microsoft and Tierion are collaborating to build a service to generate, manage, and validate
attestations9; e.g. credentials associated with your work history.
Philips - IoT Data Provenance
Collect data from MRI machines to create an audit trail of its maintenance, usage, and
calibration history. Prove compliance with regulations and safety inspections.
Blockcerts - Blockchain Verifiable Credentials
Blockcerts is an open source project that emerged from the MIT Media Lab that uses the
Chainpoint protocol to issue blockchain verifiable education credentials.
Verifai - Machine Learning Auditability
Verifai creates a cryptographically verifiable audit trail to prove how a neural network has been
trained. Verifai marks the first practical use of blockchain technology in artificial intelligence.
Use Case

Description

Process Audit Trail

Cryptographic proof of the order, integrity, and timestamp of any
business process. Supply chain, insurance claims, know your
customer (KYC), hospital patient care, financial transactions.

Document
Timestamping

Several companies offer free timestamping services using the
Chainpoint protocol.

IoT Data Collection

Prove the integrity and timestamp of data as it is gathered from
connected devices.

Proof of Consent

Non-repudiable evidence that important consent and approvals
have been recorded. Patient care, corporate governance, etc.

Registry

A verifiable registry of creative works, real estate listings, etc.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
5

Data Security

Secure the integrity of key IT assets; customer records, databases,
log files, backups, and virtual machine snapshots.

Clinical Trials

Provide regulators with proof of the integrity of data for clinical trials.

For each industry specific use case, Tierion delivers three core capabilities.

Trust anchor
In cryptographic systems, a trust anchor10 is an authoritative entity for which trust is assumed
and not derived. The Bitcoin blockchain is particularly well suited to serve as a trust anchor. No
authority controls the Bitcoin blockchain. Once a transaction is confirmed, it becomes part of an
immutable ledger that is distributed across a global network of nodes. Erasing or modifying this
data is virtually impossible. Tierion provides a scalable means to use multiple blockchains as a
trust anchor.

Data integrity
Data Integrity is the assurance of the accuracy and consistency of data. Organizations with
sensitive data need to prove it hasnt been corrupted or manipulated by insider threats or
external hackers. Tierion provides a global mechanism for verifying data integrity.

Timestamp
Public blockchains make poor timestamp authorities because of their low time accuracy. For
example, Bitcoins block time accuracy is approximately 2 hours. Trusted timestamps are
accurate, but require you to trust the time provided by an authority. Anchors to a public
blockchain provide a low accuracy but trustless timestamp. Chainpoint solves this dilemma by
including multiple trusted timestamps and multiple trust anchors in each proof. This allows
Chainpoint proofs to simultaneously possess accurate and trustless time attestations.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
6

Tierion Network
Developers get started using the current version of Tierion by visiting the website and signing up
for a free account. This gives them access to tools for collecting data, creating and verifying
Chainpoint proofs, and integrating data with 500+ popular software applications.
With this next step, Tierion is evolving into a distributed network that offers services that utilize
the blockchain as a trust anchor.
Figure 1. Current Tierion vs New Tierion Network

Chainpoint is the first service on the Tierion
Network and serves as the technical
foundation for future services. Chainpoint
provides a global utility for anchoring data to
the blockchain and a universal platform for
data verification.
Future additions to the Tierion Network may
include services for securing and sharing
verifiable data, document notary and archival,
and attestations related to blockchain
verifiable identities.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
7

The Tierion Network Token (TNT) serves two primary functions:
1) A method of settlement between parties to access network resources
2) An incentive for network participants to operate and secure the network.
Anyone can join the Tierion Network and earn TNT. End users will not require a token to use the
network. See the Tierion Network Token section of this document for more details.

Roadmap
The original version of Tierion has a nearly two year track record and has been used by
thousands of organizations. The application will continue to operate. Current customers will be
able to migrate to a new version of Tierion.
The Tierion Network and Chainpoint Service has been operating in private beta with our
partners. An open beta is planned to launch in August, which marks the two year anniversary of
Tierions launch. Microsofts infrastructure is planned to come online shortly thereafter.
The Tierion Network is planned to launch before the end of 2017.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
8

Chainpoint Service
The Chainpoint Service is a global utility for creating and verifying Chainpoint proofs that runs
on the Tierion Network. This section of the white paper provides a detailed technical overview of
Chainpoint 3.0. It is organized into four sub-sections:
Benefits - benefits of the new Chainpoint 3.0 service
Chainpoint Proofs - an overview of the elements of a Chainpoint proof
Proof Generation Process - how Chainpoint proofs are created
Chainpoint Infrastructure - a description of Chainpoints global network infrastructure

Benefits
Chainpoints new distributed architecture provides several significant advantages.
1) Scalability - Chainpoint uses a highly scalable architecture that is designed to generate
millions of proofs per second.
2) Accuracy - Chainpoint includes time data from Network Time Protocol (NTP) servers
and the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) with anchors to the
Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains, allowing Chainpoint proofs to simultaneously possess
accurate and trustless time attestations.
3) Responsive - Chainpoint responds immediately when a hash is submitted. Proofs are
automatically upgraded as they are anchored to the Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains.
4) Trust - Chainpoint periodically anchors into the decentralized Bitcoin and Ethereum
blockchains. This allows the Chainpoint proofs to inherit the security properties of
multiple blockchains.
5) Cost Effectiveness - Chainpoints scalability makes it cost-effective for the world to
anchor data to a secure public blockchain. This is particularly relevant as Bitcoin
transaction fees have increased more than 100x in the past two years and are likely to
continue to rise.
6) Global Calendar - Chainpoint servers work in consensus to generate a global, publicly
auditable, blockchain called the Chainpoint Calendar. This makes it easier to verify
Chainpoint proofs and audit the network.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
9

Chainpoint Proofs
Each Chainpoint proof contains a set of operations that cryptographically link a hash to multiple
blockchains. These links are called anchors. Chainpoint proofs are verified by replaying the
operations and checking each anchor for an expected value.
The new proof format has the flexibility to support the inclusion of external data, multiple hash
types, and branches. Chainpoint proofs can be verified with any Chainpoint compatible
verification tool.
Figure 2. Conceptual depiction of the structure of a Chainpoint 3.0 proof.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
10

Sample Chainpoint Proof
This sample proof has been truncated for readability. See Appendix A for a full proof.
{

"@context": "https://w3id.org/chainpoint/v3",
"type": "Chainpoint",
"hash": "52da1abc1608bf37a204f3d9664541fad88dbd91014cd3e5f0542b98c00b787c",
"hash_id": "8853b190-6061-11e7-9322-45354847e629",
"hash_submitted_at": "2017-07-04T02:36:07Z",
"branches": [
{
"label": "cal_anchor_branch",
"ops": [
{
"l": "8853b190-6061-11e7-9322-45354847e629"
},
{
"op": "sha-256"
},
{
"l":
"1499135760:889036cac6f4d9dbfc13693da2a558f65fc2468d26ef3f3934b8d5e19e86d7616793e4d24de
bccdf2674d175f66724cdcf5198406c1967d83a35b9a00d3f12cb"
},
{
 "op": "sha-256"
},
{
"l": "1407:1499135771727:1:a.chainpoint.org:cal:1407"
},
{
"r": "e61eebbe297ed276d20005dcd146805c1846a4b709066c40a176903f84464ace"
},
{
"op": "sha-256"
},
{
"anchors": [
{
"type": "cal",
"anchor_id": "1407",
"uris": [
"http://a.chainpoint.org/calendar/1407/hash",
]
}
]
}
]
}
]
}

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
11

Chainpoint Proof Overview
This section provides a overview of the Chainpoint proof elements in Figure 2.

hash
The hash element of a Chainpoint proof represents some data that you want to prove is
anchored to the blockchain.
A hash is a cryptographic digest of any data. Hash functions always produce the same hash
given identical input. Hash functions output a fixed length string regardless of the size or type of
input.
Input

Size

Hash (SHA256)

text string

10 bytes

ef7797e13d3a75526946a3bcf00daec9fc9c9c4d51ddc7cc5df888f74dd434d1

image

400MB

5161bc058e63d8db009b21decba2fc455f8e4cfe8536e9aa110ee7dd914ca68a

database

56GB

3d22b7e4a3ed8883d9395f6e5064cbeb7d27d696228026acb58091678484005e

Hashes allow computers to compare data. If hashes match, the source data must be identical.
Hash functions cannot be reversed to discover anything about the input. This makes hashes
useful for proving the existence and integrity of data while keeping the source confidential.

hash_id & NTP timestamp
Chainpoint uses Network Time Protocol (NTP)11 to keep time synchronized with a worldwide
network of atomic clocks. Chainpoint generates a unique identifier for each hash it receives.
This hash_id is an RFC 4122 Version 1 UUID12 which contains a high precision timestamp that
reflects the NTP time. A hash_id is included in the cryptographic operations, thus the exact
time Chainpoint received the hash is embedded in each proof.

branches
Chainpoint proofs are organized into a tree. The hash serves as the root. Each branch contains
a list of operations which terminates in an anchor; a claim that a value is published in an
external system. Figure 1 contains three branches, calendar, ethereum, and bitcoin.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
12

operations (ops)
Operations are performed in sequence to verify a proof. Operations include left concatenate,
right concatenate, and a set of hashing functions. Chainpoint can be extended to include
additional operations.
The hash field of a Chainpoint proof is used as the starting value when performing operations.
The result of each operation is used as the input for the next operation. Consider the following
example which begins with an empty string (instead of a hash) as the starting value:

{
"l": "chain"
},
{
"r": "point"
},
{
"op": "sha-256"
},

The above sample translates to: SHA256(chain | point)
resulting in c8c60e9c3c1e693e0b4ac9cd2da89c67df1b83d4a5a27be7baa841c11cfc7b09
Operations replay the calculations made when a hash goes through the proof generation
process. A proof can be verified by executing the operations and checking each anchor for an
expected hash value.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
13

NIST Randomness Beacon
In the movies, kidnappers provide proof of life by taking a photo of the victim holding a current
newspaper. This proves the photo was taken after the newspaper was printed. Our team
collaborated with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) to create an
analogous technique to prove a Chainpoint proof was created after the hash_id is generated13.
The NIST Randomness Beacon project, led by Dr. Rene Peralta, continues work started by
Haber and Stornetta at AT&T Bell Labs14 in the 1990s. Each minute, the Randomness Beacon
publishes a value created by a network of random number generators. Beacon values are
generated by specialized hardware that uses quantum effects to generate a sequence of truly
random values, guaranteed to be unpredictable, even if an attacker has access to the random
source15.
Figure 3. A space-time diagram illustrating a locality-loophole-free Bell test

NIST Beacon data is included in every Chainpoint 3.0 proof. Since the random values are
unknowable before they are published, we can assert that each Chainpoint proof:



Should have a NIST timestamp earlier or equal to when a hash was received
The NIST time should generally be within one minute of when a hash was received

This is the first time publicly verifiable data is being used to improve the accuracy of a
blockchain timestamp proof.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
14

Calendar Anchor
The Chainpoint Calendar is similar to a hash calendar16; it is a blockchain that is created and
maintained by the participants of the Chainpoint Network. Each Chainpoint proof is anchored to
this global calendar within seconds of hash submission. Once anchored to the global calendar,
Chainpoint generates a partial proof, eliminating the need to wait for Bitcoin and Ethereum
transactions to confirm.

{
"anchors": [{

"type": "cal",

"anchor_id": "1027",

"uris": [ "http://a.chainpoint.org/calendar/1027/hash" ]
}]
}

The Calendar also contains data for verifying Chainpoint proofs. Calendar data is mirrored by a
distributed network of Chainpoint Nodes. More on this later.

Ethereum Anchor
The anchor hash is published in an Ethereum transaction in the data field. The ETH address is
included in the Chainpoint proof.

{
"anchors": [{

"type": "eth",

"anchor_id": "d3e7ec84c3dbe86f7d9a8ea68ae4ded6c0b012be519f433a07f15bd612fb47a9",
"uris": [ "http://a.chainpoint.org/calendar/1048/data" ]
}]
}

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
15

Bitcoin Anchor
The anchoring hash is included in OP_RETURN of a Bitcoin transaction. As a consequence,
this value is included in the raw transaction body, allowing the transaction ID and the Merkle
path from that transaction to the Bitcoin blocks Merkle root to be calculated.
Chainpoint waits for six confirmations after publishing an anchoring transaction, determines the
Merkle path from the transaction id to the blocks Merkle root, and appends this data to the
Chainpoint proof. This ensures proofs can be verified if OP_RETURN is pruned, or if a verifier
has dataset that only contains block header data.

{
"anchors": [{

"type": "btc",

"anchor_id": "434702",

"uris": [ "http://a.chainpoint.org/calendar/1056/data" ]
}]
}

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
16

Chainpoint Proof Elements
Complete list of Chainpoint 3.0 proof elements. See Appendix A for a sample proof.
Name

Description

@context

the JSON-LD context for the proof

string, required

type

the JSON-LD type definition

string, required

hash

hash value between 40 and 128 hex characters. Must be even length.

string, required

hash_id
string, required

hash_submitted_at
string, required

a Version 1 UUID with embedded timestamp. Random number used as
MAC input. Timestamp represents server time (UTC) of hash
submission.
Human readable ISO 8601 timestamp extracted from time embedded
in the hash_id

branches - an array of branch objects. Branches can be nested without limit and MUST be
traversed only after executing 'ops'. (required only at root)
label

text string representing the branch name

string, optional

ops
array, optional

branches
array, optional

an array of operations objects. Operations are performed in sequence
to arrive at an intermediate hash prior to entering a nested branch.
nested array of branch objects. Each branch contains ops; labels and
additional nested branches are optional.

ops - an array of operation objects (required under every 'branches' object)
l
string, optional

left concatenate a value. If the value is a hexadecimal string, it will be
read as a hexadecimal byte array, otherwise the string will be
converted to its byte value assuming UTF-8 encoding.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
17

r
string, optional

op
string, optional

right concatenate a value. If the value is a hexadecimal string, it will be
read as a hexadecimal byte array, otherwise the string will be
converted to its byte value assuming UTF-8 encoding.
an operation to perform on the current value combined with a previous
'l' or 'r' operation. Current operations: 'sha-224', 'sha-256', 'sha-384',
'sha-512', 'sha3-224', 'sha3-256', 'sha3-384', 'sha3-512', or the special
purpose 'sha-256-x2' which applies 'sha-256' twice.

anchors - an array of anchor objects (required under every 'ops' object).
type

one of 'cal' (Calendar), 'btc' (Bitcoin), or 'eth' (Ethereum) anchor types

string, required

anchor_id
string, required

uris
array, optional

an identifier used to look up embedded anchor data. e.g. a Bitcoin
transaction or block ID.
an array of special purpose string URI's, each of which can be used to
lookup and retrieve the exact hash resource required to validate this
anchor. The URI MUST return only a Hexadecimal hash value as a
string. The URI MUST also contain the 'anchor_id' value to lookup the
URI resource. This strict requirement is to allow automated clients to
retrieve and validate intermediate hashes when verifying a proof. The
body value returned by the URI MUST be of even length and match the
regex [a-fA-F0-9].

JSON-LD & Binary Formats
Chainpoint proofs are commonly used in their JSON-LD format, as seen in the many examples
used throughout this document. The JSON-LD format makes proofs human readable and easy
to integrate into other JSON-LD documents.
Chainpoint proofs can converted to a binary format. The binary format uses MessagePack and
zlib to substantially reduce the proof size. For example, a 5,098 byte JSON formatted proof is
reduced by 72% to 1,442 bytes when converted to binary format.
Information on the Chainpoint binary format can be found at
https://github.com/chainpoint/chainpoint-binary/.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
18

Chainpoint Proof Generation
The following description approximates how each element interacts throughout the proof
generation process.
Figure 4. Chainpoint proof generation process

Hash Submission
Submit a hash to a Chainpoint service. Each submission may contain 1 - 1,000 hashes. Hashes
can be hex strings between 40 and 128 characters. This allows submission of common hash
types such as SHA-1, SHA-256, and SHA-512. SHA-256 is encouraged. Chainpoint
immediately returns a RFC 4122 Version 1 UUID with an embedded NTP timestamp that
uniquely identifies each hash.

Hash Processing
The submitted hash is combined with the UUID to create a new hash. This mixing of data acts
as a cryptographic nonce and ensures that Chainpoint processes unique hashes even when
duplicate hashes are submitted.
Next, the hash is combined with the NIST Beacon data to create another new hash. This makes
it possible to prove that the hash was submitted after the NIST Beacon values were published.
Hashes are then sent to an aggregation service.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
19

Aggregation
Chainpoint periodically aggregates hashes into number of parallel Merkle trees. This
hierarchical aggregation allows for handling massive numbers of hashes. The Merkle root from
each tree is periodically sent to the Chainpoint Calendar. A Merkle inclusion proof is generated
for each hash and stored. These partial proofs are continually appended with new data
throughout the proof generation process.

Calendar Consensus
The Calendar is a blockchain that is kept in consensus between multiple Chainpoint Servers.
This ensures that a single global calendar blockchain can be used to verify Chainpoint proofs.
Calendar data is organized into blocks. These blocks are stored as records in a distributed
cluster of CockroachDB databases17. Writes to the calendar are enforced by a leader election
using a cluster of Consul18 servers.

Calendar Blocks
The Chainpoint Calendar periodically aggregates Merkle roots into a new Merkle tree. A new set
of Merkle inclusion proofs is generated and appended to the existing partial proofs. The root of
this Merkle tree is written to a calendar block.

Anchor Blocks
Calendar blocks are periodically anchored to the Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchain. This is done
by publishing a transaction that commits an anchor block hash to a transaction on the
blockchain.

Confirmation Blocks
Chainpoint monitors the blockchain. When each anchoring transaction receives a sufficient
number of confirmations, a confirmation block is added to the Calendar. Each confirmation block
contains the data needed to finalize each Chainpoint proof.

Proof Completion
After a confirmation block is written, Chainpoint appends partial proofs with the final data.
Complete Chainpoint proofs are now available for retrieval.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
20

Chainpoint Service Infrastructure
The Chainpoint Service is designed to run as a global network that operates at massive scale.
The network involves the interaction of several classes of participants.

Core
Core is a network of partners that run the full Chainpoint Service stack, maintain the global
calendar, and anchor data to the blockchain.

Nodes
Nodes provide additional scaling, mirror the global calendar, and audit Core. Each node that
joins the network improves scalability and reliability. Anyone can become part of this distributed
network by downloading the software and running a Node.

Chainpoint Clients
Clients can connect to a Node, or directly to Chainpoint Core via an API.
Figure 5. Chainpoint Service architecture diagram

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
21

Chainpoint Service Design Goals
Scalable
Chainpoint is designed for virtually unlimited scale. In contrast to other blockchain based
systems, throughput increases as nodes are added to the network.

Reliable
Chainpoint is designed to have zero downtime and consistently return proofs in a predictable
timeframe. Chainpoint Core is distributed across independent data centers and geographic
regions to ensure availability and redundancy. Chainpoint Nodes form a decentralized network
to create and verify Chainpoint proofs.

Secure
Anchoring allows Chainpoint to inherit the security properties of multiple blockchains. Modifying
the Bitcoin or Ethereum blockchain would cost an attacker millions of dollars and becomes
increasingly difficult over time.

Economic Efficiency
Chainpoint is designed to be inexpensive or free for most network participants. Increases in
network throughput scales independently of blockchain transaction costs.

Open
Anyone can join the network by running a Chainpoint Node. Nodes mirror a copy of the calendar
data and can independently verify the full chain.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
22

Chainpoint Core
Chainpoint Core is a network of partners that run the full Chainpoint Service stack to create and
verify proofs, read and write to the global calendar, and perform anchoring operations. Each
Core Member operates one or more clusters of servers. Each cluster is called a service cluster.
Figure 5. Chainpoint Core Member diagram

Core Members have the resources to run scalable systems with high availability and near zero
downtime. The first three service clusters will be available at Chainpoint.org. Microsoft is first
organization to join Core and will be hosting a service cluster.

Global Calendar
The Chainpoint Calendar is a blockchain that is created by Core and audited by Nodes. The
calendar provides several benefits:

Reduced Costs
One Core Partner anchors for everyone on the Chainpoint Network. A single transaction can be
used to anchor millions of proofs. This makes Chainpoint inexpensive or free for most network
participants.

Faster Response
The full proof generation process can sometimes exceed an hour due to variations in the time it
takes to mine Bitcoin blocks. Each Chainpoint proof is anchored to the calendar within seconds
of hash submission. Chainpoint then returns a partial proof that is automatically updated
throughout the proof generation process. This eliminates the need to wait for Bitcoin and
Ethereum transactions to confirm.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
23

Proof Verification
The calendar provides a single source of data for verifying Chainpoint proofs. Anyone with the
calendar data can fully verify every Chainpoint proof without having to run a Bitcoin or Ethereum
node. You dont have to worry about servers going offline and parts of your proof becoming
impossible to verify. Those with advanced security requirements can cross check the calendar
data with their own Bitcoin or Ethereum nodes.

Auditability
A global calendar makes it possible for anyone to audit Core and independently verify the
validity and integrity of the chain. Each block is signed with a provider specific public key, and
the chain is periodically anchored to Bitcoin and Ethereum.

Chainpoint Nodes
Each additional Node increases the total capacity of the network to create and verify proofs.
Nodes are able to receive and process hashes, pass hashes up to Core, receive partial proofs
from Core, and generate final proofs. Additionally, Nodes mirror a copy of the calendar and
continually audit the chain.

Node Operators
Anyone can join the Chainpoint Network by running a Chainpoint Node.

Proof Generation
Each Node provides an HTTP API that is a subset of the Core API. Hashes submitted through
this API are aggregated into their own Merkle tree at regular intervals. The Merkle root of that
tree is submitted to Core. Each hash sent to Core may be used to generate thousands of proofs
per Node. Thus, each Node significantly increases the networks capacity to generate proofs.

Verification
Nodes store a local mirror of the global calendar in real time. This allows Nodes to provide the
same proof verification API as Core. Every Chainpoint Node can fully verify every Chainpoint
proof.

Real-time Calendar Audit
Nodes mirror the calendar data in real-time. Nodes validate that each block in the chain is
internally consistent, and signed with the public key of the Core Partner. Periodically, Nodes
verify that the entire chain is valid all the way back to the genesis block and report these results
to the network.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
24

Economics
When Tierion was first released in June 2015, the cost of anchoring data into the Bitcoin
blockchain was approximately $0.03 USD. In June of 2017, that cost has increased over 100x
to $3.40 USD. Ethereum transaction fees are following a similar pattern.
Figure 5. Bitcoin and Ethereum transaction fees in $USD.

Rising transaction fees have made it too expensive for individual developers and most
businesses to anchor data. Based on current market prices, anchoring one transaction every
ten minutes to the Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains costs $181,332 per year. These costs are
projected to continue to rise.
The Tierion Network makes anchoring data economically viable for all. The Chainpoint Service
scales to anchor a virtually unlimited amount of data with a minimal footprint on the blockchain.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
25

Tierion Network Token
The Tierion Network Token (TNT) incentivizes network participants to operate and secure the
network infrastructure. Chainpoint is the first service available on the Tierion Network. We have
plans for future services that will be built on top of Chainpoint and will announce these services
in the future.

Core Members
Core Members incur significant costs to operate server clusters. TNT provides a method to
recoup these costs. Core Partners earn TNT for anchoring data into the Bitcoin and Ethereum
blockchains. Periodically, Cores consensus algorithm elects a leader that can create an anchor
block, which requires them to spend BTC or ETH to publish a transaction. The Core Member
that creates the anchor block receives a block reward, as well as the tokens paid to Core for
that anchor block.

Nodes
Nodes earn TNT by mirroring a copy of the calendar and publishing an API endpoint for proof
creation and verification. Nodes are periodically audited to prove they have a current copy of the
calendar that can be used to verify a Chainpoint proof. Nodes that pass the audit have a chance
to win the reward for that period.
Periodically, nodes spend TNT to send data to Core for anchoring. Each node has a local
mechanism for constructing Merkle trees and generating proofs. By sending a Merkle root
upstream, each node can create thousands of Chainpoint proofs using a single anchoring
transaction.
Nodes may charge for generating and verifying proofs. Node operators can also build services
and charge at a price thats independent of the value of TNT.
A fixed supply of TNT will be created during a token sale using the ERC2019 standard. The
token sale and our partner commitments guarantee that for the first year, users will be able to
send limited amount of data to Core at zero cost.

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
26

Conclusion
As the world relies more and more on digital data, it becomes increasingly important to identify
the source of information and verify its authenticity. This is especially pressing for companies in
regulated industries, such as healthcare, insurance, and financial services. These organizations
are trusted with safeguarding huge volumes of critical data. Proving the authenticity of
information within these industries is currently slow, cumbersome, and expensive.
The Tierion Network will fundamentally improve how the world secures and shares data. By
providing a Proof Engine for the Internet, everyone will be able to prove with absolute
certainty, when data was created or if it has been modified from its original state. Additionally,
Tierion provides an ultra-secure trust anchor that doesnt rely on trusted authorities.
The vision for the Tierion Network stretches beyond the initial Chainpoint offering. This is just
the first step in a longer journey. Were building a global network for data verification that
operates at Internet scale. Incentives are built into the ecosystem to ensure the networks
reliability, growth, and development. By running a node, developers will improve the networks
scalability and earn tokens which grant access to a growing array of services.
We see the Tierion Network as a solution to the problem of trust on the Internet. The seemingly
simple innovation of using hypertext to link HTML documents led to the creation of the World
Wide Web. Similarly, linking data to the blockchain will create a global standard for verifiable
data. The implications of this seemingly simple innovation could be groundbreaking.
There is a fundamental gap in the Internets trust infrastructure. The root of trust for all systems
relies on trusted authorities. Tierion closes this gap and makes it possible to create a better
Internet where proof replaces trust as the foundation for security.
For more information, visit https://Tierion.com or email info@tierion.com

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
27

Appendix A: Full Chainpoint 3.0 Proof Sample
This sample is for demonstration purposes only.
{
"@context": "https://w3id.org/chainpoint/v3",
"type": "Chainpoint",
"hash": "52da1abc1608bf37a204f3d9664541fad88dbd91014cd3e5f0542b98c00b787c",
"hash_id": "8853b190-6061-11e7-9322-45354847e629",
"hash_submitted_at": "2017-07-04T02:36:07Z",
"branches": [
{
"label": "cal_anchor_branch",
"ops": [
{
"l": "8853b190-6061-11e7-9322-45354847e629"
},
{
"op": "sha-256"
},
{
"l":
"1499135760:889036cac6f4d9dbfc13693da2a558f65fc2468d26ef3f3934b8d5e19e86d7616793e4d24debccdf267
4d175f66724cdcf5198406c1967d83a35b9a00d3f12cb"
},
{
"op": "sha-256"
},
{
"l": "1407:1499135771727:1:a.chainpoint.org:cal:1407"
},
{
"r": "e61eebbe297ed276d20005dcd146805c1846a4b709066c40a176903f84464ace"
},
{
"op": "sha-256"
},

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
28

{
"anchors": [
{
"type": "cal",
"anchor_id": "1407",
"uris": [ "http://a.chainpoint.org/calendar/1407/hash" ]
}
]
}
],
"branches": [{
"label": "eth_anchor_branch",
"ops": [{
"l": "72de6fe5c8f3505b58436c86b87d2cdf7fca3a2edb485f6642e18249cedf2d68"
},
{
"op": "sha-256"
},
{
"l": "09096dbc49b7909917e13b795ebf289ace50b870440f10424af8845fb7761ea5"
},
{
"op": "sha-256"
},
{
"l": "283d2558a4a3b7c56136984f9211de42637b58c41576ed8d9627bf5423c7966c"
},
{
"op": "sha-256"
},
{
"anchors": [{
"type": "eth",
"anchor_id": "d3e7ec84c3dbe86f7d9a8ea68ae4ded6c0b012be519f433a07f15bd612fb47a9",
"uris": [ "http://a.chainpoint.org/calendar/1469/data" ]
}]
}
]

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
29

},
{
"label": "btc_anchor_branch",
"ops": [{
"l": "cb0dbbedb5ec5363e39be9fc43f56f321e1572cfcf304d26fc67cb6ea2e49faf"
},
{
"op": "sha-256"
},
{
"r": "cb0dbbedb5ec5363e39be9fc43f56f321e1572cfcf304d26fc67cb6ea2e49faf"
},
{
"op": "sha-256"
},
{
"l":
"0100000001d94a7f924e49246a136a95ceb70b7c6758b2a65f7cca2b0fa144cbe7c39f217a010000006a4730440220
504a4571c4263c83d51399ef14240a3bb06af7159fb6dbb6db182e7e7901edf802202942e98a20d295753155c5249a5
84f6261a6b31ce603720b7c37e0e71ba742070121035b690114679d44d75b75aa170e34596c94c778f589bcb9063b0e
4e293fcacd1dffffffff020000000000000000226a20"
},
{
"r": "7b0d3e00000000001976a9147003cc5915f6c23fd512b38daeeecfdde7a587e988ac00000000"
},
{
"op": "sha-256-x2"
},
{
"l": "ca978112ca1bbdcafac231b39a23dc4da786eff8147c4e72b9807785afee48bb"
},
{
"op": "sha-256-x2"
},
{
"r": "3e23e8160039594a33894f6564e1b1348bbd7a0088d42c4acb73eeaed59c009d"
},
{

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
30

"op": "sha-256-x2"
},
{
"l": "2e7d2c03a9507ae265ecf5b5356885a53393a2029d241394997265a1a25aefc6"
},
{
"op": "sha-256-x2"
},
{
"l": "18ac3e7343f016890c510e93f935261169d9e3f565436429830faf0934f4f8e4"
},
{
"op": "sha-256-x2"
},
{
"l": "3f79bb7b435b05321651daefd374cdc681dc06faa65e374e38337b88ca046dea"
},
{
"op": "sha-256-x2"
},
{
"l": "1516f000de6cff5c8c63eef081ebcec2ad2fdcf7034db16045d024a90341e07d"
},
{
"op": "sha-256-x2"
},
{
"l": "77c654b3d1605f78ed091cbd420c939c3feff7d57dc30c171fa45a5a3c81fd7d"
},
{
"op": "sha-256-x2"
},
{
"l": "a292780cc748697cb499fdcc8cb89d835609f11e502281dfe3f6690b1cc23dcb"
},
{
"op": "sha-256-x2"
},

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
31

{
"l": "cb4990b9a8936bbc137ddeb6dcab4620897b099a450ecdc5f3e86ef4b3a7135c"
},
{
"op": "sha-256-x2"
},
{
"l": "982ff4a3d60f874b31ab55db58ad9219f1ea42f688395e920d0eb42f59168997"
},
{
"op": "sha-256-x2"
},
{
"l": "f290eea144513d618850288844775150a17eb9df6b808caca2d748ee4cd3c800"
},
{
"op": "sha-256-x2"
},
{
"l": "078d336637acedc797dec33eee0a693f7a335bc653abeb3161a50e2945515b9e"
},
{
"op": "sha-256-x2"
},
{
"anchors": [{
"type": "btc",
"anchor_id": "434702",
"uris": [ "http://a.chainpoint.org/calendar/2642/data" ]
}]
}
]
}
]
}]
}

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
32

Endnotes
1.  W. Vaughan. Chainpoint: a standard blockchain proof protocol, (2016)

https://medium.com/@WayneVaughan/chainpoint-a-standard-blockchain-proof-protocol-79def1c37189
2. JSON For Linking Data, JSON-LD (2017)
https://json-ld.org/
3. Chainpoint Community Group, W3C, (2016)
https://www.w3.org/community/chainpoint/
4. Web consortium weighs in on blockchain standards, Fedscoop, (2017)
https://www.fedscoop.com/web-consortium-starts-work-on-blockchain-standards/
5. S. Nakamoto. Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system, (2009)
https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf.
6. M. Aroz. What is Proof of existence?, (2014)
https://web.archive.org/web/20130711050552/http://www.proofofexistence.com:80/about
7. Transaction Rate, Blockchain.info, (2017)
https://blockchain.info/charts/transactions-per-second?daysAverageString=7&timespan=all
8. Block timestamp, Bitcoin Wiki, (2017)
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Block_timestamp
9. Microsoft and Tierion collaborate on attestations & Blockchain proofs, Microsoft, (2017)
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/blockchain-identity-proofs/
10.  Trust Anchor, Wikipedia (2017)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trust_anchor
11. NTP: The Network Time Protocol, NTP.org (2017)
http://www.ntp.org
12. A Universally Unique IDentifier (UUID) URN Namespace, IETF.org (2017)
https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4122.txt
13. Chainpoint  Innovations in Blockchain Timestamp Proofs, Tierion (2017)
https://tierion.com/blog/chainpoint-innovations-in-blockchain-timestamp-proofs/
14. How to Time-Stamp a Digital Document, anf.es (2017)
https://www.anf.es/pdf/Haber_Stornetta.pdf
15. NIST Randomness Beacon, NIST (2017)
https://www.nist.gov/programs-projects/nist-randomness-beacon
16. Hash Calendar, Wikipedia, (2017)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hash_calendar
 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
33

17. CockroachDB, Cockroach Labs (2017)
https://www.cockroachlabs.com
18. Consul, Hashicorp (2017)
https://www.consul.io
19. F. Vogelsteller, "ERC 20 token standard", (2015)
https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20

Acknowledgements
The development of Chainpoint has been a collaboration of many. The authors would like to
recognize the following individuals for their contributions.
Zaki ManianCo-Founder, Skuchain
Zaki helped architect and code Chainpoint 3.0.
Eder Santana Developer & AI Researcher
Eder researched competing technologies, helped develop Chainpoint 3.0, and was the primary
developer of Verifai.
Shawn WilkinsonFounder & CEO, Storj
Shawn made early contributions to the first version of Chainpoint.
Manu SpornyFounder and CEO, Digital Bazaar; Creator of JSON-LD
Manu assisted our team with the use of JSON-LD in Chainpoint 2.0. He also helped facilitate
discussions of the Chainpoint protocol at several industry standards events.
Christopher AllenPrincipal Architect, Blockstream; Co-author of SSL/TLS
Christopher runs the excellent Rebooting Web of Trust events where Chainpoint 2.0 received
peer review. Christopher contributed to the Chainpoint 2.0 protocol and has been a supporter of
industry standards around Chainpoint and similar technologies.
Ryan SheaCo-Founder & CEO of Blockstack
Ryan reviewed and contributed to the Chainpoint 2.0 protocol.
Jude NelsonEngineering Partner, Blockstack
Jude reviewed and contributed to the Chainpoint 2.0 protocol.
Paul SztorcVP of Economics, Bloq
Paul reviewed and contributed to the Chainpoint 2.0 protocol

 2017 Tierion Inc, All rights reserved.
34

TokenCard/Token Platform Whitepaper v1.0.5
David Hoggard, Mel Gelderman and Peter Vessenes
April 4, 2017

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

1

Contents
1 TokenCard Executive Summary
1.1 The Debit Card . . . . . . . . .
1.2 The TKN Token . . . . . . . .
1.3 Cash and Burn . . . . . . . . .
1.4 TKN Creation Event . . . . . .
1.5 Use of Funds . . . . . . . . . .
1.6 Prudence: Reserve Tokens . . .
1.7 The Future . . . . . . . . . . .

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

2 Motivation
3 User Scenarios
3.1 Remittance to Mom . . .
3.2 E-sports gamer and trader
3.3 Indonesian worker . . . .
3.4 San Francisco Transplant

4
4
4
4
4
5
5
5
5

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

6
6
6
7
7

4 Token Platform Detailed Overview
4.1 Smart Contract Wallet . . . . . . . . .
4.2 Token App . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.2.1 Spending Options . . . . . . .
4.2.2 Spending limits . . . . . . . . .
4.2.3 Security functionality . . . . .
4.2.4 Card loading functionality . . .
4.2.5 Other Items on The Roadmap
4.2.6 Charts and Dashboards . . . .
4.2.7 Top tier UI/UX . . . . . . . . .
4.3 Fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.4 Credit Card/Debit Card Purchase . .
4.5 Agent Network Deposits . . . . . . . .

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

7
7
8
8
8
8
8
9
9
9
9
10
10

5 TokenCard at a glance
5.1 Control . . . . . . . . . . .
5.2 Community . . . . . . . . .
5.3 General Public . . . . . . .
5.4 Synergy . . . . . . . . . . .
5.5 Standard Wallet . . . . . .
5.6 Gateway . . . . . . . . . . .
5.7 Token Agnostic . . . . . . .
5.8 Innovative spending options

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

10
10
10
10
10
11
11
11
11

6 Market
6.1 Ethereum Community . . . . . .
6.2 Platform Specific Markets . . . .
6.3 Ditching Banks Altogether . . . .
6.4 Chinese Market . . . . . . . . . .
6.5 Marketing/Product Strategy . .
6.5.1 Ethereum / Token Market
6.5.2 Broader Market . . . . . .

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

11
11
12
12
12
12
12
13

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

7 TKN In Depth

13
2

CONTENTS

7.1
7.2

CONTENTS

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

13
14
14
14
15
15
15
15

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

15
16
16
16
16
17
17
18
18
18
23
24
24
24
24
24
24
25

. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
15%
. . .
. . .

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

25
25
25
26
26
26
26
27
27
27
27
27
28
28
28
28
28
28
29

10 Contact
10.1 TokenCard . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
10.2 New Alchemy  Token Ecosystem Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

29
29
29

7.3
7.4
7.5
7.6

DGX Purchase Example . . . . . . .
Cash and Burn . . . . . . . . . . . .
7.2.1 Definitions . . . . . . . . . .
Cash and Burn Example 1 . . . . . .
Cash and Burn Example 2 . . . . . .
Economic Consequences of The TKN
TKN Fee Reduction . . . . . . . . .
7.6.1 Portfolio Spending Example .

. . . .
. . . .
. . . .
. . . .
. . . .
Model
. . . .
. . . .

8 Technology Roadmap
8.1 Contract Wallet . . . . . . . . . . . . .
8.2 Contract Wallet Access . . . . . . . .
8.3 Allowance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
8.4 Additional Security Features . . . . . .
8.5 Card Spending Modes . . . . . . . . .
8.6 Multi-User management . . . . . . . .
8.7 Token App (iOS/Android) . . . . . . .
8.8 Set-up Wizard . . . . . . . . . . . . .
8.9 Wireframes, Usability Studies . . . . .
8.10 TokenCard Transaction Walkthrough .
8.11 Server Specifications . . . . . . . . . .
8.11.1 Scale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
8.11.2 Performance . . . . . . . . . .
8.11.3 Backups and Failover . . . . .
8.12 Release schedule: . . . . . . . . . . . .
8.12.1 Minimum Viable Product  120
8.12.2 v1 Release - 240 days . . . . .

. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
days
. . .

9 Finances
9.1 Rough TKN Projections . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.1.1 Good . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.1.2 Better . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.1.3 Great . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.2 Token Creation Details . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.2.1 TKN Creation Ratios . . . . . . . . . . .
9.2.2 Token Bonus . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.3 Additional TKN . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.3.1 Monolith Studio, and Advisors . . . . . .
9.3.2 Capital Reserve . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.3.3 Example . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.4 Funding Breakdown . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.5 Core Development  30% . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.6 Operational  25% . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.7 Marketing  40% . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9.7.1 Partnerships and Ecosystem Integration 
9.8 Direct Sales and Marketing  25%+ . . . . . . .
9.9 Legal and Compliance  5% . . . . . . . . . . . .

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

3

1

1
1.1

TOKENCARD EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

TokenCard Executive Summary
The Debit Card

TokenCard is a debit card usable at payment terminals around the world, including ATMs. TokenCard
customers back/fund their own card with allowances from ERC20 compatible contract wallets. At
launch, TokenCard will allow users to fund their card with ETH, TKN and up to five of the following
tokens that will be elected for inclusion by the community: REP, MKR, DGD, ICN, MLN, GNT, 1ST
and SNGLS.

1.2

The TKN Token

TokenCard is creating the TKN tokens for a limited time. A fixed number will be created during the
presale, and no more will be created thereafter. The TKN Token provides a TKN holder with the
right to use the TokenCard for transaction using TKN without having to pay additional licensing
fees (transaction fees charged by third party card issuers and payment system providers remain
applicable). Payments made with TokenCard using tokens other than TKN is, however- in addition to
the transaction fee charged by the card issuing partner  subject to the payment of a license fee as
remuneration for the use of the software protocol developed as part of the TokenCard project. The
TKN Asset Contract, accrues this 1% licensing fee on debit card transactions using tokens other than
TKN. TKN holders can burn their TKN in return for a pro-rata share of accumulated licensing fees
through a unique mechanism licensed from New Alchemy called Cash and Burn. Fees from card
swipes will be assessed in the token being used to fund the swipe. These fees will be sent directly to
the TKN Asset Contract. Over time, this contract will - in a fully automated way and without any
management required- accrue tokens in proportion to the tokens used by TokenCard customers around
the world. For a full description of the TKN token, see section 7.

1.3

Cash and Burn

At any time, a holder of TKN can Cash and Burn the TKN. Thereby, a holder of TKN burns and in
return receives a pro-rata share of licensing fees held by the TKN Asset Contract. The holder will
irrevocably destroy the TKN, and in exchange, the TKN Asset Contract will transfer the respective
tokens to the holder.

1.4

TKN Creation Event

TokenCard aims to create $4.5mm of TKN for sale in exchange for ETH and other tokens from our
initial token partners. We believe so strongly in the future of the token economy that not only are we
the first company to offer to create our tokens in exchange for other tokens, we will give contributions
in certain tokens a discount.
For full details on the TKN Creation Event, see section 9.2. In brief, the tokens will be sold at a
discount to early buyers at a rate sliding from 150 TKN : 1 ETH down to 100 TKN: 1 ETH at the
$4.5mm mark. If the cap is reached, we will continue to sell and create TKN for 24 hours  this will
protect those who wish to participate in the event if all tokens sell out quickly.
Those who purchase with other tokens from our approved list will receive a 2.5% - 5% TKN bonus,
depending on the token.
If funds are raised to the cap and ETH is priced at $50, about 21 million tokens will be created.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

4

1.5

1.5

Use of Funds

2

MOTIVATION

Use of Funds

The proceeds from the funds will finance development, partnership programs, float (both fiat and
token), operations, regulatory and most importantly, marketing and customer acquisition.
Most of these costs are somewhat fixed. For more details read our Use of Funds section 9.7.
Because of this, any money we receive from pre-sales over our minimum will largely go to marketing
and customer acquisition. This creates a value multiplier for the project: as we have more money we
will be able to spend a higher percentage on customer acquisition and boost spending commensurately.
We believe issuing TokenCard in China will be critical to building the transactional volume for the
card. Entering the Chinese market from the outside can be difficult and expensive; the more successful
our TKN creation event, the more quickly we will be able to capture this market.

1.6

Prudence: Reserve Tokens

We have some concerns about other projects capitalization in these early days of the token economy.
In particular, most projects dilute out their token holdings by 80%; this dilution isnt equity dilution,
but worse  often giving away 80% of gross revenues. This may be imprudent.
Lessons from modern markets show that both debt and equity are useful tools for raising capital.
Therefore we are minting an amomunt of 15% of all TKN but not offering them for sale during this
presale.
These TKN will not be issued or sold during the initial pre-sale and are locked in a smart contract. If
at some point it seems advisable for the TokenCard project to sell more tokens, some or all of these
may be offered in an auction format or some other format that suits the capital needs of the project.
In the interim, these TKN will not be used in any way. They will not be considered as issued for Cash
and Burn calculations. They will not grant anyone other usage benefits in the TokenCard system.
It is possible these TKN will never be issued, however, we feel it is prudent to have some backup if
needed. In any event, TokenCard will engage directly with TKN holders to seek guidance and market
reaction before any of the Reserve tokens are offered.

1.7

The Future

We have big plans. Our mobile app will allow customers a number of features that they cannot easily
access with other digital currency and token wallet apps. Read more in Section 4.1.
We aim over time to bring about a world which makes access to tokens far easier than it is today, far
more intuitive, with far less friction.

2

Motivation

7 years after the creation of Bitcoin, one of the greatest experiments to date, we have witnessed the
emergence of a new industry. Ethereum has added a Turing-complete layer into the mix, and broadened
the horizon of what is possible by an order of magnitude. This in turn has facilitated the creation of a
new synergistic ecosystem, one that promises to overturn the status-quo.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

5

3

USER SCENARIOS

Over the years numerous attempts have been made to bring cryptocurrency to the masses yet adoption
is still slow and cumbersome. These companies and projects have failed to identify and address the
main issues present in making mass adoption of digital assets possible. The core issues remain:
1. Security, storing assets is cumbersome and inevitably people choose to store their assets
under a third partys control, like an exchange. This defeats one of the greatest properties of
cryptocurrency, and exposes them to risks that have consistently proven to be catastrophic. A
system is needed that can securely store assets without compromise on usability.
2. Usability, numerous steps are often involved in seeing real use of ones digital assets. A user
needs wallets, exchanges and accounts on various services. They are required to withdraw,
deposit, do KYC and even become amateur traders. A system is needed that eliminates
these steps, and offers a seamless plug-and-play experience for the uninitiated that
can be integrated across platforms.
3. Volatility, forcing people to use a volatile asset like Bitcoin is a no-go. The people have spoken,
and it deters more than it attracts leaving only a risk-taking fringe. A stable, more diverse
asset class is needed.
Through the game-changing power of Ethereum we now have the tools at hand to create a distributed
banking replacement for the post-bank era that promises to solve these problems and in the process
outperform traditional banking counterparts in flexibility, efficiency and transparency.
The Token and TokenCard platform proposed in this document strategically targets and solves these
issues and will position itself at the heart of the effort to facilitate the mainstream adoption of the
compelling Ethereum Ecosystem and dominate this next phase in financial history.

3
3.1

User Scenarios
Remittance to Mom

Mac lives in Florida, and his mother lives in the Philippines. Every month, Mac sends home money
for her. He used to use Western Union (expensive), tried Paypal (froze funds for no reason) and then
wired directly from his bank (slow and expensive).
Mac doesnt have any interest in speculation, but he does want to be able to help his mom out and
make sure she stays safe and doesnt have trouble because she has too much cash at one time. He also
wants to be able to get her money instantly when she needs it.
Every month he purchases enough money in a few different stable tokens, including DollarCoins and
Dai - kept in his own token Wallet. He went ahead and signed his mom up for a TokenCard. She uses
it at ATMs and merchants across the Philippines. If shes running low, Mac transfers her more funds.
Because the transfers happen directly on the Ethereum Blockchain, he can get his mom money in less
than 15 seconds. And Mac feels happy because the fees are extraordinarily reasonable.
This problem goes away completely, and Mac doesnt worry about his mom anymore.

3.2

E-sports gamer and trader

Sonja is a European E-sports Gamer and market prediction savant. She earns her entire living beating
plebes at Counterstrike using FirstBloods e-sports betting network, and beating plebes pretending to
be experts on the Augur and Gnosis prediction markets.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

6

3.3

Indonesian worker

4

TOKEN PLATFORM DETAILED OVERVIEW

Sonja is tired of moving money around between REP, 1ST and her bank account. Her bankers are
confused by where she gets her money. She decides to close her bank account altogether and get a
TokenCard.
She is starting to learn more about the decentralized economy and is glad she has a TokenCard; any
earnings are directly available to be used in the real world. No action required. She recently uploaded
a popular video to SingularDTV and can see her SNGLS balance grow steadily in the Token App. She
wont look back.

3.3

Indonesian worker

Amir lives in Indonesia. He works hard and saves money for his family. In the past his savings have
lost a lot of their value as a concequence of national currency fluctuations. This doesnt sit right with
him, so he has been looking for solutions. Disapointingly local banks only support Indonesian Rupiah
and other services are hard to apply for.
Amir was able to apply and do KYC directly from within the Token App in minutes. Astounded by
the possibilities, Amir has now decided to hold his savings in a comfortable mix of Gold, Dollar and
Euro tokens.
He has never heard about blockchain, bitcoin or ethereum. But the Token app gives him a curated
and comfortable enviroment for him to use this technology in. Amir is convinced he has made the
right choice.

3.4

San Francisco Transplant

James is a 23 year old Englishman living in San Francisco, and he has no bank account. He doesnt
trust banks. Instead he uses TokenCard for most purchases. Every time he wants to buy something,
he pulls out his TokenCard, swipes his card, and the merchant is paid.
James is also really worried about the US currency and its ability to hold value, so he doesnt like to
have dollars in his investment portfolio. Instead he has a combination of digital currencies  ETH and
DAI, and also precious metals like Digix Gold stored in his own contract wallet.
When James swipes his TokenCard, the TokenCard System sells a little bit of each of his Tokens,
keeping James asset allocation at his desired rates, and uses the proceeds to fund his purchase.
With TokenCard and the Ethereum Blockchain, James stays in control of his investments at all times 
the funds only leave his wallet when he swipes, and then only if the transaction meets pre-specified
requirements.

4
4.1

Token Platform Detailed Overview
Smart Contract Wallet

Upon a user joining the platform they launch their own Token Contract Wallet, or grant allowances to
their existing wallets.
This Contract Wallet acts as the equivalent of a bank account that holds funds and enforces security
parameters, but, crucially, it is controlled only by the user. Users run through a setup wizard and are
prompted to customize settings to fit their preference, including:

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

7

4.2

Token App

4

TOKEN PLATFORM DETAILED OVERVIEW

 Setting daily limits to safeguard assets
 Setting up a base currency for example ETH (any fiat deposited into this will automatically
convert upon load).
Typically digital currency security is a tradeoff between usability and functionality. Users must trade
security of their funds for convenience when they decide whether to hold tokens themselves or leave
them at an exchange. We think we can do better.
By shifting control of user assets back into their own hands and giving them easy to manage fine-grained
control of their digital assets safeguarded by the security of smart contracts, users can have better
security and substantially improved usability.

4.2

Token App

The Token App is the main way a user interacts with his Token Contract Wallet and TokenCard. The
Token app operates the Token Contract Wallet and gives customers a simple way to access their token
portfolio and manage their debit card and security profiles.
Our roadmap for the App includes the following (MVP/Alpha features in bold)
4.2.1

Spending Options

 Single (Single Asset spend)
 Multi Asset (Splits Transaction between multiple assets)
 Portfolio Spending (Maintains a desired portfolio allocation)
4.2.2

Spending limits

 Token denominated
 Fiat denominated (calculated using an oracle)
 Percentage based
 Time based (Approve Transactions for a specified period of time)
4.2.3

Security functionality

 Ability to temporarily freeze TokenCard
 Limit Token Contract Wallet withdrawals
 Stop-the-world drain to a secure address
4.2.4

Card loading functionality

 Credit/Debit Card fiat to token exchange

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

8

4.3

Fees

4.2.5

4

TOKEN PLATFORM DETAILED OVERVIEW

Other Items on The Roadmap

 Simple integrated token-to-token asset exchange functionality
 Automated token portfolio rebalancing
4.2.6

Charts and Dashboards

 Loading  history of how much, source
 Spending  how much (fiat & token) and where (Starbucks)  map (API) integration
possible
 Blockchain transaction info (who to & how much)
 Platform earnings
 Asset income (Dividends accumulated from tokens)
 Estimated cost basis for acquired tokens
4.2.7

Top tier UI/UX

 Accessible for non-Ethereum users (simple & intuitive)
 In-app KYC
 Financial Management tools
 Basic Graphs and Charts
 Budgeting tools
 Payment categorization
 Push notifications whenever a transaction is made

4.3

Fees

As we will be working with a payments network Partner, we also are subject to their fee schedule. Fees
are set by the partner and are revenue-shared with TokenCard. This is expected to be the main source
of operating revenue for the company. A full fee schedule is available in the end user agreement on
delivery of the card.
We also charge a 1% licensing fee that accrues to TKN holders. This fee is billed in the underlying
token being sold and is smart contract enforced, 100% of these fees will be sent to the TKN Asset
Contract. TKN holders have the possibility to burn TKN and in return collect a pro-rata share of the
TKN Asset Contract, i.e. to cash and burn rather than merely hold TKN.
TKN tokens themselves are not subject to the licensing fee. TKN is described in greater detail in the
TKN section - 7.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

9

4.4

4.4

Credit Card/Debit Card Purchase

5

TOKENCARD AT A GLANCE

Credit Card/Debit Card Purchase

Sending tokens directly to the Token Contract Wallet works for people who are already familiar with
Ethereum. However, as our objective is to allow non-Ethereum users to access the platform, we need
other solutions. The first is a simple debit card or credit card purchase of tokens through our app. For
certain assets with enough liquidity, we can provide a simple fiat to crypto exchange service. This is a
relatively simple financial service to offer, however it may require regulatory approval and adequate
fraud mitigation, and as such will be a feature not available in the MVP release, but most likely in a
later release instead.

4.5

Agent Network Deposits

The vision for Token is to enable users to cancel their bank account, and to provide a solution to
users without one. Loading your Token wallet using a credit/debit card is only sufficient for those who
already are served by some level of banking.
To reach a larger audience, we may integrate with agent networks such as Western Union and PayPoint,
which allow for cash or check deposits with their agents. These agent deposits would remit to
TokenCard, which would convert to tokens and allows us to credit the users Token Wallet, without
the need for a credit/debit card.

5
5.1

TokenCard at a glance
Control

TokenCard users are able to store and transfer tokenized assets securely, without introducing a third
party. By retaining control, users never subject themselves to centralized risks, whilst benefiting from
the efficiency and cost reduction that comes with eliminating a third party.

5.2

Community

The project will focus on initially providing a solution for the Ethereum community, with a smart
contract powered debit card that can spend Ether and other ERC20 compliant tokens and allows for
various spending modes that support the lifestyles of those who wish to transact primarily in tokens.

5.3

General Public

Moving forward, the project will shift focus to the general public. By using our debit card as an
introduction to this transformative technology, we aim to provide a familiar user interface (a plastic
card and app) where users retain all the benefits of Ethereum without having to master them.

5.4

Synergy

TokenCard directly benefits from the powerful products currently being developed on Ethereum like
asset-backed tokens, stable coins and other tokenized assets and strongly supplements their value
proposition. By providing a way for these projects to become useful to people outside of the community
through TokenCard, they can expand their market dramatically.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

10

5.5

Standard Wallet

6

MARKET

TokenCard makes every token better

5.5

Standard Wallet

TokenCard is capable of working directly with the standard ERC20 contract wallets (Ethereum
Foundation/Consensys/Parity). These token wallets are relatively secure, but not as widely used as
hoped. We believe the improved usability and focus on real-world transactional security needs will
make the Token Contract Wallet a desirable first-class wallet solution for most token holders.

5.6

Gateway

TokenCard allows for mass adoption of consumer-facing Ethereum platforms like Singular and FirstBlood that greatly benefit from the streamlining of the user experience. With TokenCard integration
users can seamlessly start reaping the benefits of Ethereum dapps without needing to perform complicated actions.

5.7

Token Agnostic

The platform is token agnostic  users are given freedom to chose how to hold value and transact.
With TokenCard, regular users will have an expanding pool of assets at their fingertips within the
Token App.

5.8

Innovative spending options

Users will be able to pay in multiple assets at the same time while keeping their portfolio balanced.
This is a world first; customers will be able to keep all of their assets fully invested at all times, and
not worry about manual reallocation when they wish to spend.

6

Market

Our current roadmap focuses on several distinct markets and user-bases where TokenCard is best
positioned to excel. In general, we have the underlying Ethereum community, platform specific markets
and general public banking replacement.

6.1

Ethereum Community

Providing a payment solution for the underlying Ethereum community is the most basic use-case for
this market. However, it should not be underestimated. With a rapidly growing market cap among
Ether and ERC20 tokens, there is an accompanying need for payment utility of assets on the network.
The Market Cap for Ether alone currently sits close to $3,000,000,0001 dollars. We expect to spearhead
and capture the bulk of the payments market on Ethereum as TokenCard offers solutions to systematic
problems in the space and is native to Ethereum. We expect substantial transactional volume with
TokenCard and this will scale with the Ethereum/Token economy.
1 coinmarketcap.com

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

11

6.2

Platform Specific Markets

6.2

6

MARKET

Platform Specific Markets

The most exciting use-cases for TokenCard are within the many different markets that are being tapped
into by other projects in the space. We are actively integrating TokenCard with these native Ethereum
platforms, giving TKN holders direct access to diversified markets while providing connections to a
major payment rail for the platforms underlying user-base.
We believe that this is where TokenCards true role in the ecosystem lies, with integration benefitting:
TokenCard, the integrated platform, and most importantly, the end users themselves. This also suggests
strong growth prospects for TKN; the success of integrated platforms translates directly across to
TKN holders.
TokenCard makes every partnered project with a token far, far better. We believe there will be rapid
uptake by token holders worldwide.

6.3

Ditching Banks Altogether

Sentiment and expectation towards what banking is and what it should be, is rapidly changing. 94%
of consumers under 35 years old are active users of online banking, and another 27% would consider a
branchless digital bank. 33% of millennials believe they wont need a bank in five years, and 33% are
also open to switching banks in the next 90 days. A final 71% would rather go to the dentist than
listen to what banks say.2 With a growing distrust and detachment between banks and consumers, it
is fair to say that there is a tech savvy market open to innovation.
TokenCard more than qualifies as a candidate for regular users looking to get rid of their bank
altogether, offering not only a top-tier UI/UX experience, but also providing genuine innovation
through Ethereum.
Low-cost immediate network transfer of assets, access to the token economy, complete control of ones
assets and exposure to an ecosystem of innovators will more than appeal to current and forthcoming
generations.

6.4

Chinese Market

We will be able to issue TokenCards into the Chinese market at launch. We believe this is a massive
opportunity. Tokens are popular in China already, and experience shows there will be rapid innovation
in the Chinese market  some will filter to the West quickly, and some may not. Either way, TKN
holders will get access to this innovation at the same time Chinese customers get the benefits of the
card.

6.5

Marketing/Product Strategy

6.5.1

Ethereum / Token Market

Our initial target market will be token holders of other projects and the Ethereum community in
general. This is not a numerically large group, but it is extraordinarily wealthy, and strongly demands
this product.
2 First

Data 2015

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

12

7

TKN IN DEPTH

Because TokenCard makes every other token project better, it will grow rapidly whenever any one of
the other token projects sees growth. We forecast massive growth in the token ecosystem over the next
two years, and will be there to provide real value to each token issuer.
We will be granting the top 500 pre-purchasers of TKN with a complementary special
edition TokenCard and access to the Beta/MVP.
6.5.2

Broader Market

Our strategy to capture the general public will start with social media, and likely extend to partnerships
and traditional media. Well be working closely with a dedicated marketing team to construct campaigns
and strategies to attract a broader user to the platform.
Strategies that tap into network effects, for example, by recommending friends and family to the
platform in exchange for a free card, will be key to growing the platform. TokenCards role within the
Ethereum ecosystem offers sufficient innovation to capture interest from larger media outlets, which
will complement our marketing effort.
We believe we will be able to capture significant ROI on Customer Lifetime Value vs. Acquisition cost
in many markets, and plan to spend a significant portion of the token sale proceeds on growing this
customer base, while remaining judicious and careful.

7

TKN In Depth

TKN is a special kind of Ethereum token. It is the base currency of the TokenCard and provides
advantageous usage rights and benefits to its holder with regard the TokenCard : Whereas transactions
in other tokens using the debit card pay a 1% smart contract enforced licensing fee, such licensing fee
does not apply to transactions in TKN. TKN holders can in addition burn their TKN an in return
collect a pro-rata share of licensing fees accumulated in the TKN Asset Contract through a unique
mechanism called Cash and Burn.

7.1

DGX Purchase Example

A TokenCard customer holds DGX (A gold-backed token) and prefers to conduct her affairs in gold.
She has dinner at her local bistro, and the cost totals $50. This $50 equates to roughly 1.2 DGX. She
swipes her TokenCard.
TokenCards servers immediately withdraw 1.2DGX plus the Licensing fee from her Token Contract
Wallet. The Licensing fee is 1%, so she pays in total 1.212DGX. 1.2DGX is exchanged by TokenCard
for USD. These USD will be swept into TokenCards debit card account as float for the next card
swipe.
The remaining 0.012DGX is sent directly to the TKN Asset Contract.
Since fees are paid in the token transacted in, the most popular tokens used for transacting will
accumulate respective licensing fees to the TKN Asset Contract.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

13

7.2

Cash and Burn

7.2

7

TKN IN DEPTH

Cash and Burn

A TKN holder can burn his TKN and in return collect a current pro-rata share of licensing fees
accumulated in the TKN Asset Contract by calling TKNs burn function. Doing so will permanently
destroy the TKN.
7.2.1

Definitions

There are TKNT TKN issued.
There are TKNh units of TKN held by a certain holder of TKN.
There are m distinct tokens held in the TKN Asset Contract.
The TKN Asset Contract holds Tm tokens for the mth token contract.
Then the holder of TKN, if he decides to trigger the Cash and Burn function and thereby relinquish
its TKN, will receive the following pro-rata share of licensing fees accumulated in the TKN Asset
Contract:
Received:
[T1 , T2 , . . . , Tm ] 

7.3

TKNh
TKNT

Cash and Burn Example 1

A TKN holder has 500TKN, the current TKN supply is 10000TKN.
The TKN Asset Contract holds 10DAI, 100ETH, 500DGX and 250REP.
His pro-rata share of licensing fees accumulated in the TKN Asset Contract equals:
[10DAI, 100ET H, 500DGX, 250REP ] 

500
10000

If he burns his TKN, he will receive
500
= 5.00%
10000
of the held tokens, giving him:
[0.5DAI, 5ET H, 25DGX, 12.5REP ]
After burning his TKN, the remaining supply of TKN will now equal:
10000  500 = 9500
This means that remaining TKN holders, if they decide to trigger the Cash and Burn function, will
recieve a higher pro-rata share of the licensing fees per TKN than before the burn. A separate TKN
holder who also held 500 TKN would now have a pro-rata share equal to:
500
= 5.26%
9500
Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

14

7.5

Economic Consequences of The TKN Model

7.4

8

TECHNOLOGY ROADMAP

Cash and Burn Example 2

If the TKN supply is 1,000,000 and a certain user has 100 TKN, and the Asset Contract holds DGX,
DGD, REP and SNGLS in the following ratios, then the Users pro-rata share of the licensing fees
would be as follows:
Token

Number Held

DGX
DGD
REP
SNGLS

10,000
20,000
55,000
1,000,000

1 TKNs Share

Users Share

0.01
0.02
0.055
1.0

1.0
2.0
5.5
100.0

The user with 100 TKN wants to burn is TKN and collect his pro-rata share of the licensing fees
accumulated in the TKN Asset Contract. He burns the 100 TKN, and receives 1 DGX and 2 DGD,
5.5 REP and 100.0 SNGLS.
All the other TKN are still backed by 0.01 DGX, 0.02 DGD and etc. per TKN.

7.5

Economic Consequences of The TKN Model

The TokenCard platform will over time grow to support tokens from most, if not all projects. This is
likely to grow to a staggering number of unique tokens. If a specific token becomes valuable or popular
its proportional use with TokenCard will go up and as such will accrue to the Asset Contract.
Burning reduces the total pool of TKN in circulation and proporionally increases the stake of future
licensing fees to remaining TKN holders. We expect TKN burning to be rare, but to the extent it
occurs, TKN holders who do nothing will gain a proportional increase in the share of future fees.

7.6

TKN Fee Reduction

As the base currency of TokenCard, transactions using TKN pay no licensing fee for the TKN amount
of the fee. If a user transacts purely in TKN, he pays no licensing fee. If a transaction involves multiple
currencies the fee for the portion paid in TKN is voided.
7.6.1

Portfolio Spending Example

Lets go back to our first example where a user is paying for a $50 meal at a restaurant. Lets say now
she decides to pay for the meal half in DGX and the other half in TKN. Essentially this would be two
transactions: $25 each in DGX and TKN.
The licensing fee paid will only be on the $25 DGX transaction, and would equate to half of the
original fee of 0.012 DGX, in total 0.006DGX for the same transaction.

8

Technology Roadmap

We have spent the bulk of our time on product planning. There is too much to encapsulate in this
whitepaper, but we encourage interested participants to engage with us over email mel@monolith.
ventures) or our slack channel
Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

15

8.1

Contract Wallet

8.1

8

TECHNOLOGY ROADMAP

Contract Wallet

The Token Contract Wallet is a smart contract that governs a users tokens and secures them within
its code. The Token Contract Wallets main function is to host to the users digital assets in a secure
manner and allows for various functionality integrated directly into the system. It serves as the
foundation for the rest of the platforms features.
Users will not need a contract wallet to try out the system, instead they can grant an allowance.
However, the Token Contract Wallet will allow fine-grained security features, and we anticipate users
will either migrate to the wallet, or wrap their preferred wallet with the Token Contract Wallet in
general.

8.2

Contract Wallet Access

Access to the systems can be achieved by:
1. The Token App  Provides a refined and user friendly experience with a setup wizard, and
simple ability to integrate with users existing Token wallet.
2. Blockchain Browser  Third party Ethereum browser tools like Mist, Parity and MetaMask
can give access to TokenCard systems. TokenCard smart contracts will be created with Web3
support in mind, and Web3 support will be considered for all frontend TokenCard applications.

8.3

Allowance

TokenCard has access to withdraw funds from the users Token Contract Wallet and is constrained
by these user set options. We plan an array of awesome features over time, and will start with basic
security features in the MVP.
Options are not mutually exclusive; more than one could be active at any time.
 Daily Fiat Limits - Uses an oracle to calculate fiat amount and sets a cap based on that. Will
initially use a TokenCard-maintained oracle until reliable third party options become available in
the community.
Example: $1000 equivalent in tokens can be spent per day.
 Daily Token Limits - A fixed number of tokens per day are allowed to be withdrawn.
Example: 20 ETH per day.
 Percentage Limits - A fixed percentage of Tokens per given time period allowed to be withdrawn.
Example: 2% of each spendable tokens per day are allowed to be withdrawn.
 Time based Limits - Opening up withdrawals for a specified amount of time.
Example: 1h long allow up to large $10k spends  this would be triggered by a button in the app marked
something like GO BIG.

8.4

Additional Security Features

There are a number of security scenarios we are workshopping now. Some will likely be supported in
the final app.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

16

8.5

Card Spending Modes

8

TECHNOLOGY ROADMAP

1. User set limits A user could set daily contract withdrawal limits on their own side to prevent
losses in the event a third party gains access to their private key and password. Alternatively
the user could limit the specific addresses the contract could withdraw to.
This could be combined with an Emergency Contract Migration, as defined below, and would significantly mitigate the risk of catastrophic loss of tokens.
2. Emergency Contract Migration A user could preemptively allow TokenCard to send all
tokens to a pre-specified safe destination in case of emergency. Could be called by either party
in case of an ongoing attack.
Example: A user with poor personal security has lost access to his Token Contract Wallet, but did
grant TokenCard the right to do an emergency sweep if something bad happens. Limits on his own side
prevent a third party attacker from withdrawing more than $100 per day.
One day the Token app gives him a push notificaiton of a $100 withdrawal he did not authorize. He
contacts TokenCard support to initiate an emergency contract migration to a predefined safe sweep
address that he controls. TokenCard remains functional throughout the process, and the user has
minimized losses.
3. Temporary Card freeze  Pauses card use in the case of misplacement. Can be re-enabled at
any time.

8.5

Card Spending Modes

With TokenCard we are able to pioneer a number of flexible and unique ways to manage spending.
The main spending modes planned are:
 Single asset spending - A single asset is selected to be made available to be spent with
TokenCard. Other assets can be added to the queue to give an order of priority.
Example: A $100 swipe is payed for in ETH.
 Multi asset spending  A user can pay with multiple assets at a time. He can select up to
5 different assets, giving each a percentage and distributing the payment between them. This
allows unprecedented control of personal portfolio allocation.
Example: A user has set up his TokenCard to pay with 50% ETH, 30% REP and 20% DGX. When
she pays for a $500 utility bill, the equivalent of $250 of ETH, $150 of REP and $100 of DGX are
withdrawn simultaneously from her Token Contract Wallet.
 Dynamic portfolio spending - Spending is based on fiat weighting of assets. Users give target
portfolio weightings and withdrawals are optimized to maintain the user given weightings.
Example: A user targets a portfolio value of 20% DGX and 80% ETH. Recently the value of DGX has
gone up and now represents a larger percentage of the portfolio. This means a card swipe will now
withdraw proportionally more DGX to bring the percentage closer to the set target.
 Other spending modes  tax efficient, illiquid proxy asset and other spending modes are being
explored to aid users in specific scenarios.

8.6

Multi-User management

Wallet holders may attach specific allowances or other rules to multiple cards. These could have
many features: from family budget management to expense account reimbursement rules. Watch-only
accounts may be set up to monitor expenses.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

17

8.7

Token App (iOS/Android)

8.7

8

TECHNOLOGY ROADMAP

Token App (iOS/Android)

The Token App (Android & iOS) is the primary interface customers will use to interact with the
platform. The Token App is designed to give best-in-class functionality with a top-tier UI design.

8.8

Set-up Wizard

Upon first launch the users run through a setup wizard and are prompted to customize settings to fit
their preference. The process includes the following steps:
1. A user downloads the app
2. User can create new contract/key or import key.
3. Puts in password and is prompted to make a backup of key.
4. Contract launches/loads (TokenCard pays for gas)
5. Choose express or advanced setup wizard.
6. User chooses his base currency from a ranked/curated list
 Likely a list of stable currencies and other assets, like DGX or DAI.
 The base token is what the Token Contract Wallet is loaded with if fiat is sent to fund the
wallet.
Example: A user sets his base currency as DGX. He sends money to TokenCard through a bank transfer.
TokenCard credits his account in the transfer equivalent of DGX.
7. Finally, he puts in his name to complete his account and profile picture.
He now has a Token Contract Wallet, can send and receive from others and make use of various services
like the token-to-token exchange. Once users get acquainted with the system they can apply for the
TokenCard itself. This launches a TokenCard application setup wizard:
1. Pay for TokenCard (if sufficient balance on Token Contract Wallet)
2. Next fill out a standard form with KYC/AML details that get forwarded to TokenCard. All
required KCY/AML can be done inside the app in the span of a few minutes.
3. TokenCard gets delivered to their home address.

8.9

Wireframes, Usability Studies

We have over 80 page states and hundreds of transitions diagrammed and designed. These are a sample
of our current thinking, and not final.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

18

8.9

Wireframes, Usability Studies

8

TECHNOLOGY ROADMAP

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

19

8.9

Wireframes, Usability Studies

8

TECHNOLOGY ROADMAP

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

20

8.9

Wireframes, Usability Studies

8

TECHNOLOGY ROADMAP

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

21

8.9

Wireframes, Usability Studies

8

TECHNOLOGY ROADMAP

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

22

8.10

8.10

TokenCard Transaction Walkthrough

8

TECHNOLOGY ROADMAP

TokenCard Transaction Walkthrough

With TokenCard, balances are stored in the users contract wallet, therefore we implement a unique
model where cards are effectively empty up until the moment they are used, known as a 0-balance
method.
The process goes as follows:
1. A user attempts a transaction.
2. A spend request API call from payments network comes in. Lists type, amount, CardID etc.
3. Database lookup on CardID to see what Token Contract Wallet address is associated with it.
4. Load Ethereum state and read Token Contract Wallet for settings: available balance, spending
modes, allowance etc.
5. Generate transaction specific payment profile. (100$: 80%ETH 20%DGX)
6. Evaluate an order book and calculate amount(s) to be used.
7. Perform sell
8. Initiate withdrawal from Token Contract Wallet
9. API call to load specific card with amount needed.
10. Confirm tx request.
11. User completes transaction and receives live push notification.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

23

8.11

Server Specifications

8.11
8.11.1

8

TECHNOLOGY ROADMAP

Server Specifications
Scale

The TokenCard system will support at launch 1,000 transactions per minute with maximum lag of 1
second at load, and Four Nines reliability worldwide.
8.11.2

Performance

The backend servers for TokenCard will be able to:
1. Accept a request from the debit network
2. Access a smart contracts functions on the Ethereum Blockchain
3. Post a transaction on the Ethereum Blockchain
4. Respond to the debit network
All of these must be accomplished within 300ms in order to get a sub-one-second full latency from card
swipe to approval. As Ethereum scales, this will become easier to do without risk. In the beginning,
TokenCard will take some risk from double spending as it functions at the necessary speeds.
8.11.3

Backups and Failover

1. The TokenCard systems will be architected to achieve four 9s reliability: 4 minutes per month
or less of downtime.
2. Backups: TokenCard systems will be able to relaunch from a backup in under 1 minute.
3. Failover: The TokenCard systems will be able to failover successfully between regional datacenters.

8.12

Release schedule:

We expect TokenCard will take years to mature into our full vision. To get there, the team has
committed to a 120-day major release cadence.
Our first release will be an MVP in limited release.
8.12.1

Minimum Viable Product  120 days

This MVP is aimed at users with some basic technical knowledge of Ethereum and gives access to the
core features: Token Contract Wallet, PoS/ATM payments debit card and payment support for tokens
like ETH, DGX, REP, 1ST, SNGLS and MKR. This phase will consist of a limited 500 card run and
will give priority access to early contributors.
We will release the MVP product and cards at a launch party exclusive to purchasers of TKN in the
Token Creation Event.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

24

9.1

Rough TKN Projections

8.12.2

9

FINANCES

v1 Release - 240 days

The 1.0 release of the TokenCard platform consists of delivering the technology detailed in this
document  primarily the Token App, instant in-app token exchange, advanced security options and
the initial asset management suite.

9

Finances

As we plan out the TokenCard future, we have put some time into projecting out business and TKN
values. These projections are necessarily flawed  we dont know what will happen. Despite the highly
speculative nature of these projections, we are offering them to help those participating in the Token
Creation Event to understand different levers and possible outcomes for the project.
Since January 2017, Ethereum and the Token market have grown at a value-weighted average of about
300,000% annually (or 6.7x per three months). We do not believe this growth rate will continue over
the next two years. We have therefore taken a range of growth from 20% to 100% per six month period
as our range for projections.

9.1

Rough TKN Projections

Below are some rough projections of TKN performance under different conditions semi-annually over
four periods. We have made several assumptions described below and hypothetical context for the
scenarios is given.
We expect a good start to user growth with our platform, and expect to capture a substantial portion
of the Ethereum community and see success from launching in China. We also expect to see several
successful Ethereum platforms and tokens drive users to TokenCard.
We have based our average user spend on debit card reports that give an average spend of $9,291 per
year in the U.S.3 In general, there will be average higher user spend in earlier periods as adoption will
primarily consist of the underlying Ethereum community who hold substantial wealth. Average user
transaction spend declines as we expand to other markets.
Licensing fees are calculated simply as 1% of transaction volume and we have also taken into account
growth in users transacting in TKN.
9.1.1

Good

In a good scenario, we see quick adoption from the Ethereum community and expansion to other
markets happens successfully. We enter the Chinese market 12 months after launch, and some Ethereum
platforms and tokens see success outside of the community.
Year

0.5

1

1.5

2

TokenCard Users
Average user spend
Transaction Volume
Transactions in TKN
Licensing fees accrued (USD)

20,000
6,000
120,000,000
10%
1,080,000

100,000
5,000
500,000,000
15%
4,250,000

250,000
4,000
1,000,000,000
20%
8,000,000

500,000
3,500
1,750,000,000
25%
13,125,000

3 2015

Debit Issuer Study  Pulse Netwo

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

25

9.2

Token Creation Details

9.1.2

9

FINANCES

Better

In a better scenario, we have very good initial uptake from the underlying Ethereum community. We
expand to China successfully before the end of the first year with the help of marketing and customer
acquisition campaigns. We see success as a remittance solution, and certain Ethereum platforms and
tokens begin to see adoption by the general public, which also boosts our user-base.
Year

0.5

1

1.5

2

TokenCard Users
Average user spend
Transaction Volume
Transactions in TKN
Licensing fees accrued (USD)

35,000
6,000
$210,000,000
10%
1,890,000

150,000
6,000
$900,000,000
15%
$7,650,000

300,000
4,000
$1,200,000,000
20%
$9,600,000

600,000
4,000
$2,400,000,000
25%
$18,000,000

9.1.3

Great

In the great scenario, marketing and customer acquisition strategies see very strong uptake initially.
We are able to expand to China quickly and secure several synergetic partnerships that help reach
other markets. Integration with successful innovative Ethereum platforms and tokens help expand
our user base even further. Customers spend less TKN because value is rising so quickly. Customer
acquisition strategies remain successful and adoption is fast.
Year

0.5

1

1.5

2

TokenCard Users
Average user spend
Transaction Volume
Transactions in TKN
Licensing fees accrued (USD)

50,000
6,000
300,000,000
10%
$2,700,000

250,000
6,000
1,500,000,000
10%
$13,500,000

500,000
4,000
2,000,000,000
10%
$18,000,000

750,000
4,000
$3,000,000,000
10%
$27,000,000

9.2

Token Creation Details

Token creation will commence May 2nd 2017.





Ether, Fiat and Tokens can be contributed and turned into TKN
The creation will be capped upon receipt of $4.5mm.
The Token Creation period will last seven days.
If the cap is reached before the end of seven days, additional contributions will be accepted for
24 hours in case users missed a very short window for TKN creation.
 No more TKN will be created after this period.

9.2.1

TKN Creation Ratios

Early contributers will create more TKN than later ones, per ETH.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

26

9.3

Additional TKN

9.2.2

9

Cumulative Amount committed in USD

TKN per ETH rate

0-750,000
750,000-1,500,000
1,500,000-2,250,000
2,250,000-3,000,000
3,000,000-3,750,000
3,750,000-4,500,000
(possible 24 hr period)

150
140
130
120
110
100
100

FINANCES

Token Bonus

Contributors can contribute in certain tokens instead of ETH. Instructions and supported tokens will
appear on our website before the TKN Token Creation.
Tokens will have a per-token cap based on the trading volumes and value of the token.
Tokens that are partnered with TokenCard will receive a 2.5%-5% bonus in TKN; all details will appear
on our site before the Token Creation.

9.3

Additional TKN

Additional TKN will be created for the Capital Reserve, Monolith Studio, advisors and early investors
as follows.
9.3.1

Monolith Studio, and Advisors

 20% of TKN created during the creation event will be created for Monolith Studio, locked in a
smart contract for 18 months. We wish to benefit only if the project is operationally successful.
 5% of TKN created during the creation event will be created for and granted to advisors.
9.3.2

Capital Reserve

15% of the TKN supply will be credited to the reserve, but not issued. These TKN will be available
as an additional fundraising mechanism for the TokenCard project, but may never be issued, depending
on circumstances in the future. For more, read our section Prudence.
9.3.3

Example

During the Token Creation event, we imagine exactly 5 million TKN are created in response to
incoming payments.
After the Token Creation event ends, the following TKN are created:
 1,666,667 TKN for Monolith Studio
 416,666 TKN for advisors
 1,250,000 TKN for the Reserve

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

27

9.4

Funding Breakdown

9

FINANCES

In total, 7,083,333 TKN are issued and 1,250,000 TKN are held in reserve.
If at some point, $7.08mm worth of tokens are held in the Token Asset Contract, and no TKN have
been burned. Each TKN would receive $1 worth of tokens if burned.

9.4

Funding Breakdown

Funds raised during the TKN Creation Event will be used solely for the development and benefit of
the Token platform. The level of funding received dictates the distribution of funds, however, our
TKN reserve structure allows us to reduce the variability in what can be achieved. Funding breakdown
in a $4.5mm funding scenario is discussed below.

9.5

Core Development  30%

Core development will involve the building of the technology as described in this document. This
includes: the Token App, smart contract systems, payments network integration, server-side code and
exchange integration.

9.6

Operational  25%

This covers the necessary costs incurred for a functional platform. This includes: sufficient individual
ERC20 token exchange balances, sufficient fiat counterpart balances covering 5 day transactional
volume, separate payments network costs, staffing, management and other related expenses.

9.7

Marketing  40%

Marketing spend will be split into partnership spend and direct consumer marketing.
9.7.1

Partnerships and Ecosystem Integration  15%

Ecosystem integration is an important component of our long-term plan for TokenCard. This long
term plan involves integrating projects and platforms with TokenCard, and exploring synergies that
return success for both parties. Part of this budget will also be allocated jointly with DigixGlobal,
through a partnership to access a broader user base.

9.8

Direct Sales and Marketing  25%+

Sales and Marketing will drive this business, and the value of TKN. We intend to put as much money
and time into these as we possibly can in order to maximize the value of TokenCard and TKN and
dominate this post-bank era. Extra money contributed during Token Creation will be largely allocated
here as well.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

28

9.9

Legal and Compliance  5%

9.9

10

CONTACT

Legal and Compliance  5%

There are legal costs that go along with setting up an international financial services operation. Certain
services planned for the TokenCard platform, such as a fiat to token exchange, may require proper
regulatory approval and licenses in some jurisdictions. Although these licenses are not typically difficult
to acquire, they incur costs: bonding, capital and operational.

10
10.1

Contact
TokenCard

To reach us, please email Mel Gelderman at mel@monolith.ventures.

10.2

New Alchemy  Token Ecosystem Services

New Alchemy provided a wide range of services critical to the success of TokenCard, from technology
to strategy to writing and marketing. Contact Paige Freeman at hello@newalchemy.io to learn more
about New Alchemy helps companies interested in the Token ecosystem.

Copyright 2017, Monolith Studio. Contact mel@monolith.ventures

29

TRACKR

Whitepaper
July 2017

CONTENTS
1 Executive Summary

3

2 Background

4

3 Proposed Solution

5

4 Technology

6

4.1 Mobile Application . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

6

4.1.1

Dashboard . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

6

4.1.2

Watchers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

7

5 Future & Roadmap
5.1 Roadmap . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
6 Infrastructure
6.1 Servers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8
8
9
9

6.2 Database . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

9

6.3 Security . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

9

6.4 Diagram . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
7 Token Sale

11

7.1 Investment Purposes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
8 TKR Token

12

8.1 TKR token usability and process . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
9 ICO Details

13

9.1 Crowd Funding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
9.2 Bounty Campaign . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
9.3 Exchange Availability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
10 Privacy & Security

15

10.1 Personal Data Insurance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15

TRACKR

1

|

3

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

Trackr is initially a mobile application, and will later become a fully fledged web platform, which
offers real-time alerts on cryptocurrency market shifts as they are about to happen The Trackr
platform offers an all-in-one interface to view and manage your portfolio, predicts cryptocurrencies deemed safe for investment (based on historical analysis and current market trend) in addition
to allowing users to set up watchers to alert on various crypto currencies based on their invocation
criteria. Furthermore, Trackr will also use historical data models in the future and apply machine
learning to obtain prediction models by finding patterns in existing data and simulations.
Trackr is different from other tools such as Coindash, Blockfolio or any other portfolio management related application since it does not relate to just displaying your static assets and the values
thereof. Trackr enables the user to run a wide set of tests to determine their future growth. Another important distinction is that Trackr does not save any of its user data on its servers, nor does
it transmit any user data, all data is stored locally on the users client.
We believe that by educating users, new or experienced, with valuable information will enable
them to more easily make an informed decision on whether a certain development is worth pursuing.
This document explains our proposal for the architecture for Trackr, its diverse features and aspects, proposals and the roadmap.
The Trackr token, (TKR), is primarily intended to serve as a subscription fee to access certain features of the platform. A free tier is provided at no cost to all users for most functionality, while
a few other capabilities will require a monthly nominal fee payable in TKR to use them. Furthermore, features that may utilize the TKR token are still being worked on and more information will
be shared in due time.
TKR is an ERC20 token issued on the decentralized Ethereum blockchain. A safe and publicly auditable smart contract will handle the exchange of ETH (Ether) for TKR tokens during the token
creation phase.
A total of 65 500 000 TKR tokens will be in existence whereby 90% is allocated to the ICO campaign, 5% to the bounty campaign and the remaining 5% to the team. An additional 500 000 TKR
tokens will be available for the purposes of exchanging pre-ICO tokens to ICO tokens.

4

2

TRACKR

|

BACKGROUND

Over the past few years cryptocurrencies are gaining significant traction, both online and in the
local media. On the 11th of January 2011 Bitcoin had a market capitalization of around $1.5 million dollars, today this number stands tall at over $40 billion dollars (Coindesk, 2017) for just Bitcoin alone. Cryptocurrencies have ever since been on the rise with various new coins emerging
over the past few years such as LTC (a derivative of Bitcoin), Ripple, Doge, and most interestingly
 Ethereum. Ethereum is a decentralized blockchain which has smart contracts to facilitate autonomous code execution when certain criteria are met.
The surge of various cryptocurrencies has put more pressure on traders to keep track of the market and the media in an attempt to invest with low risk and high return. It is becoming notoriously
difficult to keep up with the constant emergence of new coins and technologies; the market is continuously in a very volatile state as media announcements can easily swing the pendulum in any
direction in a matter of hours.
New players to the cryptocurrency market may be reluctant to invest due to the lack proper analysis and knowledge in the field, while some invest a small amount to test the waters. Unfortunately, the increase in value of cryptocurrencies also attributes directly to the amount of fraudulent schemes that are prevalent, as is also the case outside the cryptocurrency world. Most investors often invest blindly based on unwarranted media hype, attractive schemes (using flattery
to convince the investor) and false promises among other things.
Ethereum, now the 2nd largest cryptocurrency, has paved the way for many alt coins to exist. Currently there are speculated to be around nearly 1000 alt coins, a good amount of which are based
on ERC20, Ethereums token standard which defines a set of common rules a token contract has to
enact. The overwhelming number of coins on the market makes it essential to have the right tools
at ones disposal to assess the market prior to investment.

TRACKR

3

|

5

PROPOSED SOLUTION

Trackr is initially a mobile application for Android and iOS phones initially (later on for the web)
which aims to tackle the aforementioned problems by allowing users perform automatic analysis
of their crypto investments. The user interface is optimized to provide users a snapshot of their
profit/loss and identify areas for improving their investment strategies regardless of experience.
Users also have the ability to add Watchers; this allows the users to set up custom notifications to
alert them whenever certain criteria are met on various cryptocurrencies.
Trackr will analyze exchanges, cryptocurrencies, media and trend and assess a performance score
through various algorithms to indicate popularity for each coin. Trade impulse recognition notifies
the user immediately when any sudden irregularity is detected.
Users are sent a mobile push notifications to alert them of any such developments. Furthermore,
notifications formats such as e-mail, SMS (country restrictions) and webhooks (to perform programmatic actions) will also be supported in the near future.
The purpose is for traders of all sorts to be able to use Trackr to predict their future growth
through a series of tools such as machine-learning predictions (targeting top cryptocurrencies),
running Monte Carlo simulations on the users portfolios or simply using historical analysis or media exposure prediction. The project already has a public Alpha which can be downloaded for iOS
and Android devices and is capable of importing transactions from your wallet and visualizing your
profit/loss trajectory.
Watchers alerts will provide the most basic information required for the trader to make an informed decision on whether a certain development is worth pursuing. An example alert provides
the following information:



Exchange (i.e. Poloniex)



Currency Pair (i.e. BTC/ETH)



Change in the given metric



Invocation criteria and metadata

The given Watcher will alert the user based on the curated settings (Trackr provides some initial
predefined settings). Ultimately the intent of the Watchers are to relieve the pressure of having to
analyze the market constantly and allow the software to do all the heavy lifting.

6

4

TRACKR

|

TECHNOLOGY

This section provides an introductory overview of some of the features that will make up the Trackr
application in its Alpha version for the mobile.

|

4.1

Mobile Application

The initial offering will be a fully functional mobile client that allows the user to perform a few
tasks:



First and foremost, the user is able to keep track of their portfolio value through a visualized
view of their ROI based on aggregated market data provided by multiple exchanges platforms.



Secondly, the user is able to set up smart alerts, also referred to as Watchers.



Lastly, the user is able to view market data and add their Ether wallet address to visualize their
portfolio over time.

The Trackrs backend is responsible for all the number-crunching to compute market data from a
number of exchanges and your preset preferences, it then delivers these back to the user in an
optimized data structure, minimizing bandwidth used in
the process.
A local mobile cache is used to store old data while new
data is being fetched (data can be slightly out-of-date for
up to a maximum of one minute).

4.1.1

|

Dashboard

The dashboard is the first point of entry into the application. As shown in the image, this page at a quick glance
provides the user with a summarized view of their holdings, current pricing, eventual alerts set up on any currencies, historical versus current value chart, and the
change percentage.

FIGURE 1

Dashboard Page

TRACKR

4.1.2

7

|

Watchers

The most interesting feature integrated into the Trackr app is the ability to add Watchers, also recognized as rules or alerts. Watchers allow the users to set up customized alerts on any of the currencies or exchanges they wish to track. The purpose of this feature is to make it as easy as possible
for users to setup and be able to track any number of currencies or trades with a huge variety of
rules.
The initial implementation will have the following set of configuration that a user is able to
configure a Watcher to detect and alert for:



Currency pair and exchanges



Price value for a currency pair



Relative price and trade volume

Any Watcher that is set up is promptly saved on our backend servers; this is required for us to be able to inform
the user if and when a certain set of data matches their
criteria. Whenever a watcher fires a signal off the user
will receive a mobile push notification, there are future
plans to include e-mail, SMS and webhook support as
soon as possible.
Initially, only a handful of number exchanges are supported, these will be increased several times a month.
We are doing our utmost to support all exchanges
eventually. However, it ultimately depends on the exchange itself and whether they have the supported opFIGURE 2

Watchers Page

erations.

Cryptocurrencies are notoriously volatile and as such value can increase or decrease by a high
magnitude multiple times a day. Delays could mean that traders lose out on a potential return.
Watchers allows users to stay ahead of the market by notifying users immediately if and when a
volatile market trend has been detected.

8

5

TRACKR

|

FUTURE & ROADMAP

Our intention is to keep adding useful functionality as we progress; weve added the upcoming
time-line for the next few months in a chronological order. This does not dictate all the upcoming
features as we may add things with feedback from the community, but it gives a rough indication
of our timeline. The first initial step is to get the Alpha released before conducting our ICO.

|

5.1

Roadmap

v. Iona
 Release of Alpha version (iOS/Android)
 Conduct the ICO (16th of August)
v. Eday
 Implementation of subscription based services
 Increase the amount of available exchanges and currencies
 Team expansion
v. Barra
 Offline notifications and alerts through SMS
 Automatic coin tracking for new alt coins
 Browse your addresses and their transactions
 Monte Carlo simulations for your portfolio
v. Skye
 Smart analysis of alt coin trends based on media exposure
 Real-time data streaming
 Start development of web client
 In-app trading with other users
v. Hoy
 Add webhooks as an endpoint to Watcher alerts
 Safe investment predictions based on historical analysis
 Automatic wallet tracking feature
 Arbitrage opportunities for most currencies and exchanges
v. Ulva
 Functional web client with desktop notifications support
 Cryptocurrency ranking
 Machine learning / AI for investment predictions
v. Eigg
 Create teams in Trackr to collaborate
 Public API release
 Synchronization of mobile and web data

TRACKR

6

|

9

INFRASTRUCTURE

The majority of our infrastructure is hosted on AWS (Amazon Web Services), this section will provide in-depth insight on how we have set up our services.

6.1

|

Servers

Our servers that interact with the Trackr platform run in auto-scaled groups. Whenever an increase in load has been detected the auto scaling group will start up a new server that bootstraps
and starts serving. The servers run our backend in isolated environments inside Amazons Elastic
Container Service using Docker (a container solution). This effectively holds in that we can spin
up multiple containers on each server provided they have the capacity to do so. Once capacity has
reached its defined threshold a new server is launched according to the auto-scaling operation.
Owing to the need to handle aggressive amounts of requests per second, we are wary of the amount
of load this will generate on our servers and databases. Caching has been implemented with a very
low time-to-live to ensure that requests are responded to immediately and a low latency is maintained for the majority of the requests. Moreover, everything has been load-balanced to ensure
the stress on our servers are uniformly distributed.

6.2

|

Database

We use PostgreSQL as our database, it is a powerful object-relational database that meets standard compliance and offers high throughput and performance. We ensure that our database runs
on a high availability mode and is constantly backed up in the event of a data loss. Our database is
replicated in real-time to a secondary database, meaning that if the primary database goes down
the secondary will take over until the primary is back online.

6.3

|

Security

Security is a top priority on our list; we have gone to great lengths to ensure 100% safety and encryption protection of the data on our servers. Our storage (database or otherwise) use an encryption key to encrypt all data at rest and utilizes hardware security modules to do so. All data in
transit is secured using SSL/HTTPS.
Our database and caching servers run in an isolated environment (persistence tier) with no ingress

10

TRACKR

or egress to the Internet. Our API servers have egress connectivity to the Internet; however they
cannot accept any connections coming in. Lastly, we ensure that the only point of entry is our loadbalancer, which then internally redirects the traffic as appropriate. ACLs (access control lists) are
in place to act as a firewall to block any unwanted traffic, both inside and outside our network.

6.4

|

Diagram

A diagram is depicted with a general overview as to how requests are fulfilled. There is more infrastructure behind the scene that is not shown as it does not directly relate to the Trackr platform
(such as our emailing service or website).

FIGURE 3

AWS Infrastructure Diagram

TRACKR

7

|

11

TOKEN SALE

An alpha version will be available for users to test for both iOS and Android with access to initial
basic set of features before the launch of the ICO.

7.1


|

Investment Purposes

Infrastructure Costs - One of primary costs well have to deal with is our infrastructure. Currently most if not all of our services run on AWS (Amazon Web Services). We estimate that
under peak hours and heavy load our servers will scale up to as much as 5 or 10 times, in addition to this there are also significant costs to reserve instances (servers) upfront with AWS for
a dedicated amount of time.



Team Expansion - Our intention is to expand the team so we can continue to add more features
at a fast pace and improve the overall user experience. Transparency is very important to us to
ensure a healthy relationship with the community, we will answer any question raised by the
community on any of our processes.



Research and Development - A lot of time goes into researching various designs and algorithm.
A feature such as investment predictions based on popularity may sound easy at first, however
when you factor in that fake news and articles need to be vetted programmatically it becomes
a complex problem to solve. Moreover, were looking into AI and machine learning to make
future predictions for currencies.



Advertising and Marketing - In order to promote a continuous and positive growth of the platofrm
and the team we will need to invest in advertising and marketing. Advertisement will also be
funded through the bounty program to generate interest.



Legal - We need to ensure that Trackr complies with the various legislations in place governing
the rights of our users, and in order to do so a portion of the crowdsale funding will go into legal.

12

8

TRACKR

|

TKR TOKEN

Once the ICO has concluded, an on-line registration portal will be in progress for token holders to
register. Registering itself is optional but allows for anyone that has any amount of TKR tokens to
participate in its success. The verification process will require the token holder to either send a
unique nonce applicable to the registered account or verify their wallet they have their tokens on
by signing a message. Stringent regulations require us to verify identity for token holders (Know
Your Customer). Please be wary of your local regulations, if in doubt seek out advise prior to contributing to the token sale.
The TKR tokens primary purpose is a currency which can be used to purchase, advertise or trade
with other users on the Trackr platform offering. Remember that contributing to Trackr you agree
to purchase TKR tokens that are functional utility tokens on the Trackr platform. TKR tokens are
not securities, are non-refundable and arent for speculative investment. No promises of future
performance or value are or will be made with respect to TKR tokens, including no promise of inherent value, no promise of continuing payments, and no guarantee that TKR will hold any particular
value.

8.1

|

TKR token usability and process



Users pay a nominal monthly fee for the subscription of advanced features with TKR.



Users may wish to share their successful portfolio, requesting users will be able to see their
portfolio for the price specified by the user. The exchange of tokens would be conducted by
smart-contracts, a modest service fee (15%) is applied and the remainder is sent to the owner
of the portfolio.



Users can promote non-obtrusive and subtle cryptocurrency news advertisement in the newssection. This effectively means that their news goes through an approval process after which
non-subscribers will see it in the news section. The promotion of news will cost TKR tokens.
Subscribed users may be able to lower their subscription by allowing promoted news to be displayed to them.



Tokens are slowly burned at a percentage over time,

Trackr will also be integrated into the Blockchain (using Web3 via JSON-RPC), making heavy use of
smart-contracts. This will be the primary way of providing subscription on the platform and trading
between users (such as sharing portfolios, models, specialized alerts). The integration itself will
primarily take on the desktop client and can be configured to target your local or externally node.

TRACKR

9

|

13

ICO DETAILS

The crowdsale period will start on 16th of August 2017 at 12 PM UTC and will last for exactly 30
days until 15th of September 2017. The actual start time may vary slightly by a few hours.
FIGURE 4

9.1

|

Token Distribution

Crowd Funding

The Trackr token, (TKR), will be distributed at a rate of 5000 TKR tokens for each (1) ETH to all
contributors during the ICO. A total of 58 500 000 TKR tokens are made available for crowd funding. There is a bonus allocation depending on the contribution date, which is as follows:



Contributions made in the first 48 hours of the ICO will receive a +20% bonus.



Contributions made after the first 48 hours until the end of the second week (14 day period)
will receive a +10% bonus



Contributions made during the third week will receive a 5% bonus.



Any contributions made outside the aforementioned periods will receive no bonus allocation.

The minimum amount of Ether that can be sent to the smart contract is 10 Finney (0.01 Ether).

14

9.2

TRACKR

|

Bounty Campaign

Users can assist by advertising on any social media platform they belong to or help with certain
tasks such as translating the white paper, news posts and more. A bounty campaign will be set up
a few weeks prior to the ICO. The campaign will be reviewed on a weekly basis based on users and
points will be rewarded appropriately based on a number of factors (quality, merit, # of audience
reached, and so on).
A total of 5% is allocated for the bounty campaign and will be distributed after the ICO has concluded depending on the amount of points they have collected during the weeks leading up to and
including during the duration of the ICO.

9.3

|

Exchange Availability

Once the ICO has concluded the TKR token will be available to trade on various exchanges. We
will be negotiating with several exchanges and aim to get the token on as soon as possible. Any
information pertaining to exchange availability for the token will be made available as soon as we
have verification.

FIGURE 5

Funds Distribution

TRACKR

15

| PRIVACY & SECURITY

10

Your privacy is of utmost importance and priority on the Trackr platform and will be handled as
such. We have employed the following security measures and guidelines to protect your data at
rest or in transit.



We fully comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 as specified by the UK government, this
covers legislation relating to any data processing which could be used to identify living people.



All data in transit are sent over HTTPS, this prevents eavesdropping on any data that has been
transmitted and safeguards against man-in-the-middle attacks.



Only data that is required by our server will be requested, we will not collect more information
than necessary. We may choose to add features in the future that may collect additional data;
however, this will be clearly communicated prior to the use of those features.



All data stored on our servers at rest is encrypted using standard AES-256 encryption algorithm, this includes the database, servers and all backups.

10.1

| Personal Data Insurance

Portfolios have traditionally always been a potential issue as they could indicate your position in
the market and give valuable information away. Trackr ensures that no information related to the
holdings of any of your coins is stored on our servers or transmitted. All data is stored locally on
the users mobile phone, this gives the user complete assurance that they alone are privy to what
is stored in their wallets.
Trackrs role will be limited to only fetching currency pricing data from our API servers and to
store the users Watcher settings. The aforementioned statement also applies to our planned wallet tracking feature, all wallet addresses will be stored locally only.
Trackr will never send out the amount of any currency you own, all calculation is performed locally.
Information pertaining to the currency types or pairs (i.e. BTC, ETH, GNT, WAVES) and exchange
information you own will be sent only for the purpose of requesting an accurate representation of
your portfolio, however, it will not be stored on our servers.

VOISE
A fair platform for musicians

WHITEPAPER

VOISE
1.Introduction ........................................................................................................................... 3
1.1 This document................................................................................................................. 3
1.2 The problem.................................................................................................................... 3
1.3 The solution .................................................................................................................... 3
2. The platform ......................................................................................................................... 4
2.1 Search engine ................................................................................................................. 4
2.2 Discover ......................................................................................................................... 4
2.2.1 Top songs ................................................................................................................ 4
2.2.2 Recommended .......................................................................................................... 4
2.2.3 New releases ............................................................................................................ 4
2.2.4 Genres ..................................................................................................................... 4
2.3 Playlists .......................................................................................................................... 4
2.4 Radio ............................................................................................................................. 5
2.4.1 Global DAO radio ...................................................................................................... 5
2.4.2 Specific genre radio ................................................................................................... 5
2.5 Starred ........................................................................................................................... 5
2.6 Profile............................................................................................................................. 5
3.Token and monetization.......................................................................................................... 6
3.1 Token distribution ............................................................................................................ 6
3.1.1 Locked tokens ........................................................................................................... 6
3.2 Fiat currency ................................................................................................................... 6
3.3 Token code ..................................................................................................................... 7
4.Roadmap .............................................................................................................................. 8
2017 Q3 ............................................................................................................................... 8
2017 Q4 ............................................................................................................................... 8
2018 Q1 ............................................................................................................................... 8

1.Introduction
1.1 This document
This document describes a platform that applies the blockchain technology to solve the current problem with music
platforms where the original artist only receives a tiny part of the revenue that its content generated.

1.2 The problem
Nowadays make a living as an artist is extremely difficult, you either distribute your content yourself, which makes it very
difficult to have a big audience or you upload your content to a platform that will take from 15 to 40% of the revenue
generated by your content.
And thats for digital album downloads, the cut companies take from the artists on streaming platforms is even bigger.
Other projects have attempted to build a decentralized platform with blockchain and cryptocurrency but failed at having
enough users and content to be considered successful because they are aimed at people who are experts with
technology and makes it very difficult for an outsider to use the platform.

1.3 How is VOISE different?
We at VOISE believe in a decentralized platform that gives 100% of the revenue to the creator of the content, but we are
conscious that in order to have a successful platform we need to make it easy for everyone to use. Thats why we plan
not only to design an easy to use interface but also accept fiat currency payments so everyone who uses a mainstream
music service will be able to use VOISE the same way. Without having to set up a wallet, download the whole ethereum
blockchain or trading on an exchange.
Our target is not the average crypto user but everyone who enjoys music and other audio content.
This way we will be able to build together a platform that unites blockchain enthusiasts and the average person, this not
only increases the number of potential users but also the potential artists since they are our main target, if we get artists
to use a platform that gives them 100% of the revenue, their fans will migrate to support their favorite artists, especially
with a non-intrusive platform like VOISE where you can download the songs you want from the web client without having
to use a dedicated app every time you want to play it.

2. The platform
We will build an anonymous and decentralized platform using blockchain technology and a personalized token based on
ethereums smart contract ecosystem for the transactions of the platform. We acknowledge that a high consumer base of
the music industry doesn't know about cryptocurrency or blockchain, that's why we plan to accept fiat currencies in the
future, to attract more users and get them to care about cryptocurrency by being tolerant towards fiat currency but giving
privileges to those users and artists that accept cryptocurrency as payment method we will promote its usage.
At current state, the platform itself works like a wallet, you can either transfer your funds to accelerate the purchase of
content at the expense of paying double the amount of gas since it needs two transactions instead of one or sending the
required amount directly to the artist, this will require you to access your wallet and manually make the transaction.
This system may be improved in the future and we are open to user suggestions, we expect the technical aspects of the
platform to get better and better as the number of users, content and transactions grows and we get more feedback.
The current sections of the platform are:

2.1 Search engine
The platforms search engine to browse for artists, albums, genres, playlists or songs by name.

2.2 Discover
This section is dedicated to find new discoveries and recommend content you may want to listen.
The subdivisions of this section are:

2.2.1 Top songs
The top songs of the month (higher amount of purchases).

2.2.2 Recommended
Recommendations based on your purchased content, songs by an artist you already listen, content of the same genre
and similar labels, content which users that listened similar content to yours enjoyed.

2.2.3 New releases
Last releases sorted by date.

2.2.4 Genres
Content classified into genres and usermade labels.

2.3 Playlists
Your playlists or other users playlists that you follow. If the playlist contains paid content that you havent purchased
youll just be able to hear the free sample.

2.4 Radio
2.4.1 Global DAO radio
In the DAO radio users are able to vote for the next song through a DAO contract accordingly to their staking of tokens,
the higher amount of tokens a user haves, the most valuable the vote is. The total amount of tokens reached for every
song will determine the priority to be played and the funds go to the artist. Listeners of the radio are able to listen the
song once but cant download it. Its a fun way to promote your favorite songs and get to know new ones.

DAO RADIO CONTRACT

1 VSM TO SONG #1

2 VSM TO SONG #2

#1

#2

#3

2 VSM TO SONG # 3

3 VSM TO SONG #1

8 VSM

2 VSM

4 VSM

2 VSM TO SONG #3

4 VSM TO SONG #1

ARTIST OF SONG #1 GETS 8 VSM

2.4.2 Specific genre DAO radio
A radio where only songs from a specific genre are allowed.

2.5 Starred
Your starred content, single songs, entire albums or artists. Your starred content is public for the users who visit your
profile.

2.6 Profile
Your profile with relevant information about yourself and the options to upload or edit your content.
Coming soon there will be customization options and css themes for profiles.

3.Token and monetization
Voisiums [VSM] are the currency of the VOISE platform, they are used to purchase content.
Built around ethereum's smart contract technology, the user is free to store the tokens on his personal desktop wallet,
any web based wallet like myetherwallet or the VOISE platform to speed up the process of purchasing content like
explained above in the platform section.
You can trade the Voisiums like you would with any other cryptocurrency.
The price of the content is decided by the original artist who uploaded the content the buyer is purchasing and gets 100%
of the amount, theres no fees besides having some ether to pay for the gas.
Artists can offer a free sample of their songs so possible buyers can listen at least a part of it before making the decision
of purchasing it. A 30 second sample should be enough.
Artists could also offer their content for free and ask for donations.
We will be happy to introduce new ways of monetizing content for artists as soon as the platform grows.

3.1 Token distribution
A total of 825,578 tokens were distributed through the crowdsale to 1151 unique addresses.
24,767 of which were distributed as bounty rewards.

The VOISE team has kept 41,279. (Check wallet)

3.1.1 Locked tokens
The VSM token is based on the ERC20 standard, and theres some issues with this standard one of them being the
nonprevention of sending tokens to a contract address that is not specified to accept deposits. This got fixed later on the
new ERC23 and ERC223 standards.
Because of this, 16M tokens are locked under the same contract address that published the token. Its possible to verify
this in any block explorer.

3.2 Fiat currency
The acceptance of fiat currencies on the platform is one of the main points that differentiate our platform from other
similar projects, most of them failed because of this.
The cryptocurrency market is not big enough (in number of users and artists) for a successful music platform able to
compete with mainstream music services, we knew this from the go and are already talking with exchange services to
guarantee fiat payments before the date detailed below in the roadmap.
Getting a userbase unexperienced with crypto on a platform that not only accepts but promotes the usage of
cryptocurrency over fiat, will, in our opinion, get more people to care and know about crypto and the blockchain
technology behind it.

3.3 Token code

pragma solidity ^0.4.6;
contract SafeMath {
//internals
function safeMul(uint a, uint b) internal returns (uint) {
uint c = a * b;
assert(a == 0 || c / a == b);
return c;
}
function safeSub(uint a, uint b) internal returns (uint) {
assert(b <= a);
return a - b;
}
function safeAdd(uint a, uint b) internal returns (uint) {
uint c = a + b;
assert(c>=a && c>=b);
return c;
}
function assert(bool assertion) internal {
if (!assertion) throw;
}
}
contract VOISE is SafeMath {
/* Public variables of the token */
string public standard = 'ERC20';
string public name = 'VOISE';
string public symbol = 'VSM';
uint8 public decimals = 0;
uint256 public totalSupply;
address public owner;
uint256 public startTime = 1492560000;
/* tells if tokens have been burned already */
bool burned;
/* This creates an array with all the balances */
mapping (address => uint256) public balanceOf;
mapping (address => mapping (address => uint256)) public allowance;
/* This generates a public event on the blockchain that will notify all clients */
event Transfer(address indexed from, address indexed to, uint256 value);
event Approval(address indexed owner, address indexed spender, uint256 value);
event Burned(uint amount);
/* Initializes contract with initial supply tokens and gives them to the voise team adress */
function VOISE() {
owner = 0xf98D22801c8c9a57b22bAA8A19371CF8222f60b9;
balanceOf[owner] = 825578;
totalSupply = 825578;

// All of them are stored in the voise team adress until they are bought
// total supply of tokens

}

/* Send some of your tokens to a given address (Press bounties) */
function transfer(address _to, uint256 _value) returns (bool success){
if (now < startTime) throw; //check if the crowdsale is already over
balanceOf[msg.sender] = safeSub(balanceOf[msg.sender],_value);
// Subtract from the sender
balanceOf[_to] = safeAdd(balanceOf[_to],_value);
// Add the same to the recipient
Transfer(msg.sender, _to, _value);
// Notify anyone listening that this transfer took
place
return true;
}
/* Allow another contract or person to spend some tokens in your behalf */
function approve(address _spender, uint256 _value) returns (bool success) {
allowance[msg.sender][_spender] = _value;
Approval(msg.sender, _spender, _value);
return true;
}
/* A contract or person attempts to get the tokens of somebody else. */
function transferFrom(address _from, address _to, uint256 _value) returns (bool success) {
if (now < startTime && _from!=owner) throw; //check if the crowdsale is already over
var _allowance = allowance[_from][msg.sender];
balanceOf[_from] = safeSub(balanceOf[_from],_value); // Subtract from the sender
balanceOf[_to] = safeAdd(balanceOf[_to],_value); // Add the same to the recipient
allowance[_from][msg.sender] = safeSub(_allowance,_value);
Transfer(_from, _to, _value);
return true;
}
/* to be called when ICO is closed, burns the remaining tokens.
* for the bounty program (3%).
* for team (5%) */
function burn(){
//if tokens have not been burned already and the ICO ended, burn them
if(!burned && now>startTime){
uint difference = safeSub(balanceOf[owner], 8000000);
balanceOf[owner] = 8000000;
totalSupply = safeSub(totalSupply, difference);
burned = true;
Burned(difference);
}
}
}

4.Roadmap
2017 Q3
1st July  1st October






VSM Initial Token Offering.
New website design and voise.com domain.
More and better exchange.
Newsletter. Get notified of all the updates and platform release on your inbox.
Platform web client (alpha).

2017 Q4
1st October  1st January








First platform public code release with bugfixes.
Secondary platform features. (Profile settings, playlists, etc.)
1st Round of active advertising and promotion of the platform.
Deal with important online wallet to manage VSM transaction.
Active and continues development of the different platform client.
DAO Radio.
?

2018 Q1
1st January  3rd April







Employ people for human antipiracy moderation and platform support.
Partnership with other blockchain projects to gain mutual exposure.
FIAT currency acceptance as payment method.
2nd Round of advertising, targeting new markets and users without experience on crypto.
Public events and meetups, getting people to notice our platform in real life .




1.0Abstract

1

2.0Manifesto

1

3.0ProblemOverview

3

4.0Criteriaforasolution

5

5.0FeaturesandfunctionsofWagerr

6

6.0Economics:StructuraldynamicsofWagerrseconomicsystem

8

6.1Valuecoupling:Pricetiedtousage

8

6.2Valuepropositionforsportsbettors

10

6.3ValuepropositionforholdersofWGR

11

6.4Valuepropositionforthesportsbettingindustry

11

6.5Valuetoinvestors

11

6.6Valuetothefieldofdigitalcurrency

13

7.0BettingEngine&TechnicalArchitecture

14

7.1HeadtoHeadBettingProcess

14

7.2MultiUserbetting

16

7.3PeerlessDirectChainbetting

17

7.4CreatingandResolvingevents

18

7.5TimeRelatedConditions(AtomicPairing)

19

7.6ActivatinganOracleMasternode

19

7.7Promotionqueue

20

7.8Demotion

20

7.9Governance

20

7.9.1Payoutdispute

21

7.9.2Penalizednodes

21

7.9.3OracleMasternodevoting

21

7.9.4Potentialnetworkthreats

22

7.10SportsdataFeeds

23

7.11NetworkAdd-ons&Enhancements

23

7.12Scalability

24

7.13FeeStructure

24

7.14SupportedLeagues

25

8.0CompetitiveAnalysis

26

9.0DevelopmentalRoadmap

27

10.0ICODetails

28

11.0ICOFundAllocation&FutureDevelopment

29

12.0Conclusion

31







1.0Abstract

Wagerrisadecentralizedsportsbookthatbringstrustlesssportsbettingtotheentireworld.
DuetoitsstrictuseofApplicationSpecificSmartContracts(ASSC)and2ndlayernetwork
controlledbyOracleMasternodes,Wagerrsolvesthesecurity,scalingandincentiveissues
thathaveplaguedsmartcontractssincetheirinception.Additionally,Wagerrcombines
leapsintechnicaldesignwithaneconomiclinkagethatcreatesadeflationary,andself
regulatingeconomy.Throughdecentralizedgovernanceandcontractfees,structural
mechanismsbalanceWagerrstokenvaluebydynamicallyadjustingsupplybasedonthe
currentexchangerateandbettingvolumewithintheWagerrnetwork.

Wagerrdoesthisallwhileavoidingsinglepointsoffailureandimplementinganetworkand
systemthatisfullydecentralized.


2.0Manifesto

Bitbybit:amanifestoformodernfreedomthroughdecentralization

Wagerrcelebratesthefreedomsandnewpossibilitiesopenedbytheinternetand
especiallythoseopenedbybitcoinandtheunderlyingblockchaintechnology.

Theinternetdeliveredadecentralizednetwork,thatwaseverywhereyetnowhere.The
internetwasandisaradicalanddisruptiveexperimentthatpropagatednewwaysofliving,
newformsofrelationships,andnewdiscoveriesofthenatureofsocialpracticeswehave
takenforgranted.Wehavemadenewdiscoveriesaboutinherentunconditionalrightsand
freedomspreviouslyunimaginable.Thecontexthasshifted.Newpleasuresarepossible.
Andthefreedomtopursuehappinesstakesonnewmeanings,newimplications,for
individualandcollectivebehavior,indeedevenfornetworkbehavior.

Thecreationofsecure,self-regulatingnetworksthatbehaveinmechanicallypredictable
ways,offloadtheperceivedneedtocontrolhumanbehavior.Fairnessisbuiltin.

However,thesenewfreedomsfacedailyperilastheInternetgetsre-centralizedintheform
ofapplications,websites,corporateconglomerates,andcreepingregulatoryaction.The
properburdenoffreedomisconstantvigilance.

ItisnotthatGoogle,Apple,andMicrosoftareinherentlybad.Concernariseswhenpeoples
identitiesbecomeproductsforacorporateresale.Thesesamepeopleareledtomistake
thewebfortheinternet,asifthecurrentstateofthewebcorrespondswiththeaspirations
ofthedecentralizedinternet.Concerngrowsdeeperwhenprofiteersmistakeutilityfor


1



power,andpeopleregardtheirownconsumerbehaviorasmereconsumerismwhen,
simultaneously,theiridentitiesarebeingharvestedandauctionedtothehighestbidder.

Acorporatemodelthatcommercializesandexploitsthethingsthataremostpersonaland
mostprivateaboutindividuallivesandidentitiesonlytorepackagethoseidentitiesfor
targetedadvertising,orworse,extortionorblackmailingallwhileperpetuating
predatorytargetingandexploitationofnontransparentpolicies.Thishasbecomethe
modernantithesisoffreedom.

Wagerrbelievesthatsportsbettingpersiststhroughoutsocietiesdespiteeffortstocurtailit
becauseitisfundamentallyfunanditisintrinsictohumannaturetoexercisefreechoice.

Wagerrbelievesthatself-regulating,opensourcesystemscanproducebetter,more
reliableandfairoutcomesbecausetheyarenotsubjecttohumanvagaries.Peoplecan
designandcontrolmachines,systemsandnetworksmorepreciselyandmorereasonably
thantheycouldevercontrolotherpeopleeventhemselves.

Totheextentthatgovernmentlimitspeople'scapacitytoexercisefreechoiceandblocks
thepursuitofhappinessbymeansofregulationofasimpleentertainmentindustry,it
curtailsourcapacitytobetrulyhuman,trulyfree.

Wagerrbelievestheinternetisthegreatestinventionofmoderntime.Accesstothis
freedommustalwaysbefreeoffearandlegalrepercussions.Insteadofhavingtoinvest
trustintounknownindividualsorentitieswhomayormaynotbetheretomorrow,players
canrelyonatrustlessanddecentralizedsystem.

Servicesshouldbedecentralized.
Systemsshouldprotectusers.
Accessshouldbefreeandopen.

Nomoreplatforms.Nomorewebsites.Nomoreapps.
Nomorepaternalism.Nomoresystemiccorruption.
Nomorearbitraryrestrictionsandself-servingbarriers.


Bitbybit,weshalldecentralize.





2







3.0ProblemOverview

Whatistheproblemwithsportsbetting?

 Excessiverisksforsportsbettors
 Exploitationofidentity/information
 Regulatoryrepercussions
 Totalirrecoverablelossoffunds
 Vulnerabilitytomanipulation

 Unpredictablerisksforcorporateandprivatebookkeepers

 Regulatoryrepercussions
 Governmentconfiscationoffunds
 Frozenassets
 Securityvulnerabilities


Sportsbettinghasabadrap.Simpleanalysistracestheindustryscloudedreputationto
theregulatorypracticesthatdrivesportsbettingunderground,andtheinevitableproblems
thatresultfromsystemsoftrustenforcedonlybygreedandfearofviolence.The
reputationofbookkeeping(andgamblingingeneral)andproblematiceffortsatregulation
aremutuallyreinforcing.Whengovernmentimposeregulationstheyinadvertentlydrive
bettingunderground.Whenundergroundmarketsbecomeviolentorresultintragic
economiclosses,thejustificationforregulatorycontrolofapurportedlydangerous
industrybecomesself-fulfilling.

Somegovernments,knowingthatbettingactivitywillcontinueevenifitisdeclareda
crimeallowlicensedbetting.Governmentschargefeesforlicensureandregulationand
taxtheindustryandanywinnings.Aso-called"sintax"justifiesexcessivegovernment
confiscationandcontrolpremisedonthenotionthatextragovernmentalsportsbettingis
inherentlydangerousandconstitutesamoralvice.

Thefirstironyisthatthispoliticalcompetitionforcontrolovergamblingincomethe
questionof"whowillbethehouse"inevitablycorruptsthepoliticiansandgovernment
officialswhobenefitfromthe"vice"thattheypurporttoregulate.Theindustrybecomes
paytoplayforentitiestoparticipateandcompete,leadingtooligarchy.



3



Asecondironyisthatregulationisinevitablyineffective,resultinginlegalloopholesthat
areusedtobringproductsandservicestomarketanyway,oftenatahighcosttoefficiency.
Thiswasteofresourceswouldbetterserveeconomies,andultimately,communities,in
otherareasofproduction.

Thethirdironyisthattheregulationitselfproducesacombinationofcorruptand
dangerousmarkets:thelegallyregulatedoneandtheundergroundoneregulatedby
vigilantepractices.

Theresultismoralhypocrisyonthepartofregulators,anarbitraryandunpredictable
mishmashofinefficientlocalregulatorypracticesandtheflourishingofunderground
marketswhichare,indeed,moreriskybothbecausesportsbettorsandbookkeepersrisk
criminalprosecutionandbecausetheyhavenorecoursetothelawwhenonepartyfailsto
deliverwhattheyowe.

Governmentregulationisaprotectionracket

Inshort,governmentregulationofsportsbettingisaracket.Governmentregulatorsmake
moneybyproviding"protection"tocitizens,sportsbettors,andlegitimatebookkeepers.
Buttheprotectionofferedisonlynecessarybecausetheundergroundmarketsaredefined
bythegovernmentitselfasillegal,theparticipantsdefinedascriminals,andtheireveryday
practicesrequireparticipantstorelyuponadelicatebalanceof"trust,"ononehand,and
thethreat,andpotentialreality,ofsevereviolenceontheother.Evenwhengovernment
regulationofsportsbettingisawellintendedeffortatprotection;itisaracket,
nonetheless.Worseyet,governmentsarenotonlyconfiscatingwinningstopayfor
protectingcitizensfromdangersandcorruptionthegovernmentofficials,themselves,
arecorruptedbytheirincentivestocollecttaxesandmaintainpower,thusfacilitatingthe
dangersthatperpetuatethenarrativeandtheirroleasprotection.

Centralizationasthecoreproblem

 Trustrequirements
 Centralizationofpower,control
 Non-distributedsystems

Wagerragrees:thecurrentstateofsportsbettingisterriblyrisky,expensive,corrupt,and
dangerous.Butitdoesn'thavetobethisway.Wagerrhasidentifiedtheelementscrucialto
asafer,moresecurewaytopracticesportsbetting.Wagerr,furthermore,hasdesigneda
systemthatbringsthisbetterwaytothewholeworldwithoutborders.Thisisabigdeal.
IllegalsportsbettingintheUSandChinacombinedtotalsatrillionDollarsinillegalbets.
Despiteeffortsatheavyregulation,peoplearebettinganyhow.Andtheyaredoingsoinan
insecureandunsafemanner.Wagerrprovidesaglobalsolutiontoavastarrayoflocalized
problemsinsportsbettingmarkets.


4





4.0Criteriaforasolution
Distributed,decentralized,trustless,stable,private

Anysolutiontotheproblemsofthestatusquoforthesportsbettingindustrymustserve
theinterestsofsportsbettorsandalsosatisfytheneedsofthecontributorswhomaintain
thesecurityandfunctionalityofthenetwork.Tothisend,webelievethatanysolution
must:

 Befairlyandwidelydistributedtospeedupadoptionandreducemarketrisk.
 Befullydecentralizedtoremovesinglepointsoffailureandindividualcontrol.
 Functioninatrustlessmanner,soonepartysdishonestydoesnotjeopardizethe
fairnessoftheentiresystemsperformance.
 Includemechanismsthatstabilizethevalueofthenetworksunderlyingtokenof
exchange,whetheradoptiondramaticallyrisesorfalls.
 Guaranteeuserprivacy.

Wagerrsatisfiesalltheaboverequirements:

 ItsICOandtherelatedmarketingeffortsdrawinterestedinvestorsandbettors.
 Afullyopensourcecodebaseattractsdiversetechnicalinterestandallowsfor
anyonetohavesayinitsdevelopmentandfuture.
 Rigidlyprogrammedcontractrulesandsubroutinesenforcetrustlessoperationof
thenetwork.
 Thedestructionof48%oftotalcontractfeestiesbettingactivitytoWagerrsmarket
valueandreducesvolatility.
 Andfinally,nopersonalinformationisrequiredorstoredtousageWagerr.The
networkisavailablefromanyinternetconnectionandisnotsubjecttoregulatory
oversight.Wagerrsopennetworkdoesnotreinforcecentralizedidentities,freeing
participantsfromanystigmaassociatedwithsportsbetting.













5



5.0FeaturesandfunctionsofWagerr

Transactionfunctions
WagerrisatwotierednetworkcomprisedofstandardwalletsandOracleMasternodes.

StandardProofofStakewallets
 Thefirstlayeristhestandardtransactionallayerinwhichbasicwalletsearnrewards
forblockformation.
 Providenetworksecurityandconfirmblocksoftransactionsthatconstitutethe
blockchain,theledgerofimmutabletransactions.
 Maintainafullcopyoftheblockchain.

OracleMasternodeintranet
 OracleMasternodes,asecondlayeroftheWagerrnetwork,functionasconsensus
agents,forgingbettingcontracts,retrievingsportingeventsoutcomesdata,and
consensuallyvalidatingresultsthattriggercontractualpayouts.
 OracleMasternodesalsomediatedecentralizedgovernanceoftheWagerrnetwork,
asdiscussedingreaterdetailinsection7.10

Bettingfunctions
TheWagerrsystemfacilitatesthreemodalitiesofsportsbetting:

1. Peertopeerbetting
Peertopeerbetting(orheadtoheadbetting)requirestwopartnerstotake
oppositesidesofabettingcontract.Theplayersagreeonthebettinglineandthe
totalamountatstake.Oneplayerinitiatesthebetbypostingittotheblockchain
fromtheirwallet.Whenthepartnersendscoinsforthecomplementarysideofthe
bet,theblockchaintagsthemastransactionswithdispositionscontingentuponthe
outcomeofthespecifiedevent.Oncetheeventiscompleted,theOracle
Masternodenetworkrecordstheperformanceresultontheblockchain,triggeringa
payouttothewinner.Iftheeventneverhappens,thecoins,minusfees,are
returnedtotheoriginaltransactors.

Thisfeatureisgreatforcasualplayers,friendswholiveapart,colleagues,etc.They
canmakeaplan,forgeacontractontheblockchain,andleavetheresttothe
Wagerrnetwork.

2. Multiuserbetting
MultiUserbettingislikepeertopeerbetting,butinthiscasemultipleuserscan
takethecomplementarypositionagainstalargerbetuntilthetotalvalueofthebet
ismet.Sincethismodeofbettingrequireslessspecificityaboutthesizeofthebet,
theblockchaincanperformtheworkofmatchingmultiplebetsuntilanequally
weightedorminimumcontractisachieved.


6




3. Peerlessdirectchainbetting
Peerlessbettingdoesnotrequireacomplementarytransactiontoforgeacontract.
Anybettorcaninitiateacontractonchain,whichtheWagerrnetworkis
programmedtopayoutifthebettorwins.Peerlessbettingmaximizesflexibilityfor
bettors.

HowdoesWagerrbalancetherisksofpeerlessbetting?
TheblockchainpaysoutwinningbetsthatareconfirmedbytheOracleMasternode
network,bymintingcoinsforthepayout.Thismeansthattheblockchaindoes
accruesomeriskofcoinsupplyexpansionthoughforgingsuchcontracts,butthe
riskisbalancedbyseveralfactors.

Losingbetssystematicallydestroycoins,creatingabalanceovertime.Thats
because48%ofallbettingfeesaredestroyed,tippingthatbalanceinfavorofnet
coindestructionfromdirectchainbetting.

Infact,becauselosingbetsdestroymorecoinsthanwinningbetsgeneratecoinson
thenetwork,anintrinsicadvantageiscreatedforallWGRholdersintermsofcoin
supply.Specifically,onalosingbetof100WGR,96.88WGRwouldbedestroyed;by
contrast,onawinningbetof100WGR,only94WGRwouldbegenerated.This
imbalanceconstitutesthehouseedgeofapproximately3%.

Thefinaltechnologicalbalanceisadevelopmentcalled,dynamicoddsbalancing.
Whenpeerlessbettingcreatesanimbalanceinrisk,wherethepayoutliabilityis
higherforwinningthanforlosing,thenetworkdynamicallyadjustsoddsto
encouragecomplementarybettingthatwillbalancethenetworkliability.

Peerlessbettingisbyfarthesimplestsolutionforsportsbettorsbecauseitrequires
noplanning,andeliminatestheriskoffindingcomplementarypartners.

Peerlessbettingalsoattractstraditionalsportsbettingoperationsthatroutinely
managetheirownpayoutliabilitybyplacingbetswithpeerorganizations.Now,
insteadofrelyingontheirpeerstotaketheotherside,majorsportsbettingoutfits
canenjoylowfeebettingonthetrustlessWagerrsysteminsteadofentrusting
assetstocompetitors.

Thatsimportantbecauseregulatedcompetitorsaresubjecttoregulatoryinsecurity
andunregulatedcompetitorshavenolegalobligationtohonoragreements.Wagerr,
adecentralizedtechnologicalsystem,doesnotrequiresportsbettorsorsports
bettingorganizationstotrustanyonepartywhosetrustworthinesscannotbe
verified.Usersinsteadentrustverifiableopensourcecodethattheycaninspectfor
themselves.


7





6.0Economics:StructuraldynamicsofWagerrseconomicsystem

Sportsbettingmarketcontext:
Theestimatedscaleofthetraditionalsportsbettingmarket(includingbothlegalandillegal
bets,internationally)isinthetrillionsofUSD.Anestimated$400billiondollarsillegalbets
areplacedannuallyintheUnitedStatesalone.Chinasillegalbettingmarketisevenmore
extensive.Traditionalsportsbettinginmanylocalesisdrivenunderground,leadingto
corruption,unfairness,andviolence.Wagerroffersthisuntappedmarkettheopportunity
tochooseasafe,private,andaccessiblewaytobetthroughdecentralizedblockchain
technology.

BecauseWagerris(better)decentralized,private,andlower-feewithacompellingvalue
proposition,Wagerrhasthepotentialtowinsubstantialmarketshareinthelongrun.
However,evenifWagerronlycapturesafractionofthetrilliondollarmarket,theworldwill
bealittlesaferandthemechanismsbuiltintotheWagerrmodelwillhaveapowerfuland
overwhelminglypositiveeffectontheWagerreconomy,andlongtermtokenvalue.

Valuecoupling,inparticular,createsanextraordinaryvaluepropositionforsports
bettors,thesportsbettingindustry,andforinvestorsateveryscale.


6.1Valuecoupling:Pricetiedtousage

 Valuecoupling:pricetiedtousage
 Basic:supplyanddemand;burningvsminting
 Advanced:Pricedynamicallyaffectsburnrate
 HighpricedWGR=decliningburnrate(marketstabilization)
 Stablepricehelpsbettorspredictpotentialwinnings
 Higherpricesarealwaysawin
 LowpricedWGR=acceleratingburnrate(mitigatesinflation)
 Self-balancingsystem
 Pricedeclinesaretemporary


Valuecouplingdefined:
ThevalueoftheWagerrtoken(WGR)issystematicallytiedtotheuseofthesports
bettingblockchain.

TheWagerrnetworkreducestherisktovalueandprotectsholdersofWGRtokensby
linkingbettingvolumetocoinsupply.Thisvaluecouplingbetweenusageandsupplyisa


8



built-indeflationarymechanismthatdestroys48%ofthefeefromeverybet.Withfeesof
2%-6%,thenetresultisnearly1-3%ofeverybetpermanentlyremovedfromthenetwork.

Forexample,ifpricefallsdramatically,significantlymoreoutstandingsupplyisdestroyed
witheverybet,becausebetsnowrequiremoreWGR.Conversely,ifpricerisesdramatically,
significantlylesssupplyisdestroyed.Overtime,thisleadstolessmarketvolatilityandan
assetvaluethatmoreaccuratelyreflectsbothadoptionandusage.
Wagerrssystematicdestructionoffeesthuscreatessupplyscarcityovertime.Asthe
averagevolumeofbettingactivityovertheWagerrnetworkrises,thevalueofWagerrrises
withit,enablingallinvestorstoparticipateinitsstronggrowthpotentialsimplybyholding
WGRtokens.


AtanypointintimethepriceofWagerrcombinedwiththevolumeofbetsdefineshow
muchdeflationtakesplaceontheWagerrblockchain.Seeforyourselfhowthesethree
variablesinteractwiththeInteractiveValueCalculatoronwagerr.com.
Wagerrisdesignedtobemorethanablockchain,itisdesignedtobearesponsiveand
pricelinkedeconomy.Foruserstofeelsafeholdingthetokenandtobetwithit,theyneed
tohaveconfidenceinthevaluebackingthecoin.InWagerrscasethemethodofensuring
thatthevaluegrowsovertimeisbycreatingadeflationaryeconomy.
WhynotmakeWagerranassetbackedcoin?
Assetbackedcoinsarepowerfulandhaveproventobevaluableinthecryptospace.
Wagerr,however,wasdesignedtobefullydecentralized.Sinceownershipandcontrolbya
centralauthorityarerequiredtobackthevalueofanasset,therequirementsare
incompatiblewiththefunctionoftheWagerrnetwork.




9




6.2Valuepropositionforsportsbettors

 Lowerfees
 Wagerrincentivizesbettorstousethenetworkandtoacquire,use,andhold
WGR
 Use:lowerfeesinherentlybetter
 Bettermarginsforplayers:higherprobabilitiesthroughlowerfees
 Potentialtowinbiggervalue
 Potentialtowinjustbyholding

Wagerriscustombuiltforsportsbettorsandthesportsbettingindustry.Foralowfee,
playerscanplacetheirbetsinsecureescrow.Winnersgetautomaticpayoutsafterthe
eventoutcomeisconfirmedontheblockchainthroughconsensualvalidation.

TheWagerrnetworkconfirmsrealworldgamingresultsaccuratelybecauseofstrict
enforcementoftherequirementsforOracleMasternodesparticipation.Thepenaltiesfor
Oraclesthatattempttofeedbaddatatothenetworkareprohibitive.Supermajority(75%)
consensusamongtheOracleMasternodenetworkisrequiredinordertopostgameresults
ontheblockchain,makingresultsecurityextraordinarilyrobust.

There'snoriskofoverleveragedbettingintheWagerrsystembecausenoonecanbet
moreWGRthantheyhave.Loansharksandassociatedviolenceareexcludedfromthe
Wagerrnetwork.

Higherprobabilityplaythroughlowerfees
SinceWagerrsfeesarelowerthantraditionalsportsbooks,theprobabilitiesofsuccessover
timeimprovebecausethebettordoesntneedtowinasoftentomaketheirsportsbetting
practiceprofitablelongterm.

Buylow,usehigh
SportsbettorswhobuyWagerrwhenitspriceislowmaychoosetouseitforbettingwhen
thevalueishightogetevenmorevaluepertoken.Bybuyinglowandspendinghigh,
bettorsleverageWagerrsadvantageousecodynamicstoamplifytheirbettingpower
becausetheycanplacelargerbetswithsmalleramountsofinitialcapital.

Bethigh,winhigher
Sincereturnsonbettingisamatterofprobabilities,buyinglowandspendinghigh
increasesthelikelihoodofprofit,byfirstreducingtheinitialinvestmentand,second,
increasingthevalueofthepayout.

Winhigher,bethigherstill


10



Actually,ifthepricecontinuestorise,successfulbettorscanrepeattheprocess:waiting
untilthewinningsincreaseinvalueagainbeforeplacinganewbetwouldmeanthatthe
initialcapitalatstakeremainsnominalwhiletherewardpotentialcontinuestogrow.

6.3ValuepropositionforholdersofWGR

Youdonthavetobeabettororaninvestororevenatraderforahighprobabilitychance
towinsimplybyobtainingandholdingWagerr.Wagerrisoptimizedforgrowth.The
mechanismsforcontrolledscarcityofthecoinsupplymeanthatasWagerradoptionrises,
systematicdestructionoffeesputsupwardpressureonthepriceofthecoin.Thosewho
holdWGRandoperateastandardstakingwalletwillaccruenewlymintedWGRasthe
walletscontributetonetworksecurity.Theprobabilitiesofwinningstakerewardsincrease
withtheamountofWGRheldinthewallet.


6.4Valuepropositionforthesportsbettingindustry

Arbitragethroughpeerlessdirectonchainbetting

Traditionalsportsbooksfrequentlyfindthattheyhavetakenontoomuchpayoutliability
whentheircustomersbetsareunbalanced,stronglyfavoringoneside.Iftheoverweighted
teamwins,thesportsbookhastocarrythatcostagainsttheirbottomline.Theytypically
managetheirliabilitybyplacingbets,themselves,withcompetingsportsbooks.Wagerr
offerslowerfees,automatedpayouts,andstrongsecurityagainstmanipulation.Even
thoughWagerrwillfunctionasacompetitortotraditionalsportsbooks,theblockchainalso
offersapotentsolutionatacompetitiveprice.

Foradditionalinformationonmechanismsthatsafeguardthenetworkforarbitrage
functions,pleaseseediscussionofdynamicoddsbalancing,under,Peerlessdirectchain
betting.

6.5Valuetoinvestors

 Marketshare+valuecoupling=[burnrate>mintrate]=deflationaryeconomy
 RewardsforcontributionsthatincreaseandmaintainWagerrnetworkvalue
 OracleMasternodes
 Forgesmartcontractwithmultiphasetransactions
 Phase1:Initiateconditionalcontract
 Phase2:Validatedconditionstriggerpayouts
 Retrieveandvalidatedata
 Collect,distribute,escrow,andburnfees
 Bethehouse



11



Becauseofvaluecoupling,bettingvolumedrivesWGRtokenvalue.Theenormityofthe
existingsportsbettingindustrysuggeststhatwhenthedisruptivetechnologyofWagerr
winsevenafractionofthesportsbettingmarketshare,thebettingvolumewouldbe
enoughtodriveadeflationaryeconomy,oneinwhichtherateofcoindestructionexceeds
therateofcoingeneration.

InvestorshavethreekeyoptionsforinvestinginWGR.BuyingandholdingWGR,staking
WGRinstandardstakingwallets,oracquiringenoughWGRtooperateanOracle
Masternode.Thelastoption,OracleMasternodes,offerthemosttoinvestorsbecausethey
winongoingstakingawards,andtheyalsoearnfeesforforgingbettingcontractsand
updatingreallifeeventoutcomesontheblockchain.WhileallwhoholdWGRcanbenefit
fromthehouseadvantagedescribedunderPeerlessdirectchainbetting(Section5.3),the
OracleMasternodesfunctionisanalogoustothehouse:50%offeesplayerspayforbetting
servicesgodirectlytoOracleMasternodes

Smartincentives
OracleMasternoderewardsarestrategicallydesignedtopromotebehaviorsthataddvalue
totheWagerrnetwork.Torecaptherewards:OracleMasternodeoperatorswininthree
ways:

 Earnapercentageofblockrewards(direct,staticreward)
 Earnsportsbettingfees(directusage-basedreward)
 WGRvalueimprovedbynetworkecodynamics(indirect,usage-basedrewards)

ThesystemofrewardsincentivizesOraclescrucialroleasconsensusagents,retrievingand
consensuallyvalidatingsportingeventoutcomes,acrucialroleinthesportsbetting
blockchain.StaticblockrewardsincentivizenodeoperatorstoholdWGRandoperate
walletswith24/7connectivity.Failuretoconsistentlyretrieveandpostdatathatalignswith
consensusresultsindeactivation.

BecausetherewardsforoperatingOracleMasternodesispredictablyfargreaterinthe
longrunthanliquidatingthem,investorswillbeloathtogiveuptheresidualincomethey
generate.Masternodeandstakingrewardskeepscoinsinactiveuseinthenetwork,and
keepstheirholdersfromaddingsellpressuretothemarket.

OracleMasternodesarealsovehiclesofblockchaingovernance.Sincenoonehasmore
investedinthewellbeingoftheWagerrnetworkthatdrivethevalueoftheWGRtoken,
OracleoperatorsexercisegovernancethroughthedistributednetworkofOracle
Masternodes.





12



6.6Valuetothefieldofdigitalcurrency

Standingontheshouldersofgiants
Wagerrintegratescoretechnologydevelopedbybrilliantteams.TheWagerrteamstands
ontheshouldersofgiants.Thatspartlypossiblebecauseopensourcetechnology
facilitatesasynchronouscollaborationsthatcanadvancetechnologicalcapacities.Even
beforetheideaofWagerr,thecoretechnologythatWagerrhasbeenusingtobuildits
sportsbettingnetworkalreadyexisted.Theexistenceofthecoretechnologyshould
reassurepotentialinvestorsofthefeasibilityoffullyachievingtheWagerrnetworkvision.
So,whatdoesWagerrbringtothetablethatsrelevanttothefieldofdigitalcurrencies?
Whilethecomponents,likesmartcontracts,arefamiliartothosewhostaycurrentwith
blockchaintechnology,itiswhatWagerrdoeswiththecomponentsthatcontributestothe
field.

Craftingacointocultivateaneconomy
TheWagerrteamdidntsetouttomakeacurrency.Instead,theWagerrteamhas
engineeredaneconomy.Thekeytothemodelsdesignhasbeenthestructuringof
incentivestorewardandmaintainbehaviorsthataddvaluetotheWagerrnetwork,and
devisingsubsystemsthattranslatetheWagerrnetworkvaluetotheWGRtokenvalue.

ICOstructureincentivizesmaximaldistribution
Fromthebeginning,theICOstructuregamifiesparticipationbyrewardingearlyinvestors
withtheprospectofprogressivebonusescontingentupontheICOsincrementalsuccess.
Earlyinvestorsthusarenotonlyinvestedinthewellbeingofthecoin,butalsointhe
optimalsuccessoftheICO.AstheICOapproachessaleofthemaximumnumberofcoins,
theWagerrnetworkbecomesincreasinglydistributed,meaningthatmoreandmore
peopleareinvestedinWagerr.TheverystructureoftheICOpromotesabasicgoalof
decentralizationwhichmakesthenetworkmorerobust.Secondarily,thisgamificationof
theICOmakesitmorefun,aligningwithWagerrscommitmenttothefreedomtopursue
happiness.

Valuecouplingcreatesincentivesforparticipantstocontributenetworkvalue
ValuecouplingmechanismsincentivizeallwhoholdWagerrtocontributetothevalueof
theWagerrnetwork,withgreaterrewardsincentivizinggreaterinvestmentsinOracle
Masternodeswhichperformthesecurityoperations,consensusagentfunctions,and
contractmanagementrolesattheheartofthesportsbettingblockchain.

Pricestabilizationenablescurrenciestofunctionasastoreofvalue
Sincethekeyvaluecouplingmechanisminvolvesdestroyingapercentageofallbetting
fees,increasedbettingvolumeaugmentsthenetworkvaluebymeansofaself-regulating
coinsupply.BecausethismechanismsadjustsdynamicallywiththepriceoftheWGRtoken,
thesystemfavorsbalancedgrowth,mitigatingpricefluctuationsineitherdirection.While
bitcoin,thefirstmover,remainskingamongdigitalcurrencies,itsunmooredvalue


13



preventslongtermcommercialadoptionasastoreofvaluebeyonditsmomentaryusein
valuetransactions.Inotherwords,acointhatrangesinvaluefrom$200-$3000inayearis
toovolatiletoserveallofthefunctionsofacurrency.

Bitcoinstillclearlyplaysavitalroleininternationaleconomicsasapressurevalveintimes
ofcrisis.Bitcoinsvolatilityalsomakesforexcitingopportunitiesforspeculativetrading.
Wagerr,however,hopestoseeotherdevelopersdesigningdigitalcurrencyeconomiesthat
solverealworldproblemsandfitintothelivesofpeoplewhosecurrenteveryday
economiesdependprimarilyuponcentralizedcurrencies.


7.0BettingEngine&TechnicalArchitecture

TheinnovationandtechnicalleapsthatWagerrmakesiscontainedinitssimplebut
powerfulSmartContractsandpowerful2ndlayeredconsensusagentsknownasOracle
Masternodes

TheWagerrnetworkhastwolayers.ThefirstlayeristhestandardProofofStake(POS)
blockchainthatallowsuserstosendcoinsfromonestandardaddresstoanother.The
secondlayerofthenetworkiscomprisedofOraclemasternodes.Thislayerallowsplayers
toplacebetsoneventsthattheOraclemasternodesconfirmandpostasrealworld
matches.

TherearethreetypesofbettingtransactionsontheWagerrnetwork.
 HeadtoHead
 MultiUser
 PeerlessDirectonChain


7.1HeadtoHeadBettingProcess

Theblockchainmediatesbetsbetweentwoplayerstakingoppositesidesonupcoming
sportingevents.Thefeeforanexecutedcontractis2%ofthepayout.1%goestothe
processingOracleand1%getsburned.Hereistheflowofaheadtoheadbetfromstartto
finish.



14




WagerrSystemAllows

1. Step1Oraclesactivelysearchingforneweventsinsidesupportedleagues,always
tryingtobuildconsensusforupcomingevents.Consensusforaneweventrequires
asupermajority;Ofthe2000possibleOracleMasternodes,1500needtoreportthe
sameeventdefinedbytheEventsUTCTime,andtheiruniqueidentifyingcodes.

2. Step2Userareabletoviewthepostedeventsandplacebetsagainstexisting
postedbetsorsetanewlineandmatchedamount(foratakerorbetpartnertofill).
Oncebettingpairsaredeterminedtobecomplementary,asmartcontractcanbe
createdandinitiatedontheWagerrblockchain

3. Step3Nowthatasmartcontractisinitiated,thedevelopmentandburnportionof
thefeeswithinthatbetcontractaredistributedandburned.(48%destroyed,2%to
Wagerrdevelopmentfund)TheOracleMasternodescreatetransactionsdependent
onthetwoopposingbetspredictedoutcome.




15



4. Step4Aftertheeventconcludes,theOraclenetworkreliesagainonsupermajority
consensustodeterminetheoutcomeoftheevent.Thispostingallowsthecontract
tobesignaledforresolution.

5. Step5Oncethebethasbeensignalledforresolutionthewinningbetsare
processedandpaidoutaccordingly.Allnon-resolvedeventsintheissueofatieor
eventneveroccurringthecontractisresolvedviatheOraclemasternodenetwork
andbothsidesreceivetheirbetbackminusthefee.Oncethesmartcontractis
resolvedtheoraclewhoprocessesthebetreceivestheirportionofthefee.

7.2MultiUserbetting

Tomakeiteasiertofindandfulfillmorebetsonlowvolumeevents,thesystemallows
multipleplayerstobepairedagainstasinglebettor.Thisensuresthatlargebetsdonot
requireanexactmatchtoforgeacontract.Thefeeforthistransactionis4percent.2%of
thefeegoestotheOracleprocessingthetransactionand2%getsburned.HereistheFlow
ofamultipleuserbetfromstarttofinish.







16



7.3PeerlessDirectChainbetting

Inthefinalphaseofmajordevelopmentofthetoken,Wagerrgivestheplayertheoptionto
forgolookingforamatchandbetdirectlyagainstthechain,usingthechainitselftotake
theirbetautomatically.Thefeeforthistransactionis6percent.3%ofthefeegoestothe
Oraclethatprocessestherequestand3%isautomaticallyburned.HereistheFlowofa
multipleuserbetfromstarttofinish.

















17



7.4CreatingandResolvingevents

Oncetheeventiscompleted,theOracleMasternodenetworkcanbegintopostthe
outcomedata.Aneventoutcomeisconfirmedonlyafter75%ofallOracleMasternodes
achieveconsensusontheoutcome.Oncetheoutcomeisfinalizedandposted,theWagerr
networkrecognizescompletionofthecontract,andthewinninguserispaidout
accordingly.


CreatingeventsisdependentonTheOracleMasternodespostingdatathatcanbe
consensuallyverified.Wagerrachievesthisthroughcreatingauniquemeansofstructuring
eventsandbets.Belowyoucanseeexactlyhowthebetswillbepostedandhowunique
eventsaredistinguishedassingleevents.





18



7.5TimeRelatedConditions(AtomicPairing)

Bettingcloses10blocksbeforetheeventisscheduledtobegin.

Mostcontractualconditionssurroundingbetsarerelatedtoreal-worldtime.Blocktimes
aredynamic,notstatic,whileeventsarecodedinCoordinatedUniversalTime(UTC).Block
timeclosinginonbetsbeingacceptedisnolaterthan10blocksbeforetheeventhappens.
(10Blocks=10:40:00)(target/approx)

Whenauserpostsabetonthecuspofapproximatelythe10minutemark,oneoftwo
eventswilloccurontheblockchain,resultingeitherincontractformation(matchand
confirm),ortransactionfailure(inwhichcase,thetransactionwouldnotbeaccepted,and
thepre-bidcoinlocationsremainunaltered).

Inorderforthetransactiontoconfirm,twoconditionsmustbemet:first,theremustbea
matchbetweentheamountoftheinitiatingbetandtheamountsofthecomplementary
betstakingtheotherside.Second,theofficialtimethattheblockcontainingthis
transactionisfirstconfirmedonthechain(encodedinUTCtime)mustbepriortothe
T-minus-10minutemarkforthesportingevent.

Intechnicalterms,atomicpairingisthesynchronizationoftwoconditions(thetwosides
ofthebettingcontract)occurringatthesametime.
andthebetistaken,thebetisanatomictransaction(meaningthatthetransactions
happenatthesametimeorinthesameblock)Thisensuresthatthebetsthataretaken
theygetacceptedandprocessedintime.Italsoensuresthatusersdonothavetopayfees
onbetsthatarenevermatched.

Thetimeframeforapayouttotakeplacewillbeatargettimeof1houraftertheevent
outcomeisresolved.OracleMasternodespostdataforallsupportedleagueseveryhouras
longasOraclesareinagreementoftheoutcomethepayoutshouldtakeplacenolonger
than90minutesaftertheeventends.

Intheeventofatie,push,ortheeventnottakingplace,theOracleMasternodenetwork
willresolvetheandconfirmandinitiatethereturnofthewageredamountbacktothe
bettorsoriginalwalletaddressesminusthebettingfee.Thisprocesscantakeupto24
hourstoensuretheOracleMasternodenetworkhastimetoachieveconsensus.

7.6ActivatinganOracleMasternode

ActivatinganOracleMasternodeistheprocessbywhichanindividualchoosestopromote
theirnode,engageina30daycontractofserviceandbecomeaconsensusagent.This
contractensuresthatownershavetomaintainalevelofserviceandagreetolockthe
collateralizedcoinsinasimplesmartcontractthatinitiatesatimedrelease.


19




OracleMasternoderequirements:

 25000WGRcollateralizedovera30dayservicecontract
 Uptime99%+(measuredweekly)
 Retrieveandinputsportingeventoutcomesdata
 PublicIPwithaforcednetworkportnumber
 BandwidthtoaccommodatethetotalvolumeofAPIcalls

7.7Promotionqueue

InordertobalanceopportunitiestooperateOracleMasternodesagainsttheefficienciesof
thetwo-tiernetworkandtheneedtohaveWGRtokensavailableforbetting,thenetwork
willcapthetotalnumberofOracleMasternodesoperatingonthenetwork.

OncethenetworkhasreacheditsmaximumdesignatedOraclecount,allwalletsthatapply
forpromotiontoOracleMasternodestatusenteraqueueawaitinganopening(either
voluntarywithdrawalorinvoluntarydemotionofanactingnode).Promotionisonafirst
come,firstservedbasis,i.e.,thenodesthathavespentthelongesttimeinthequeueget
promotedfirst.

Oraclesthatarepromotedmustsubmitandsynchronizematchdataeveryhour.This
allowsforquickpayoutsofresolvedevents.Wheneventscannotberesolvedduetothe
matchnotbeingplayedorotherextenuatingcircumstances,thebetsarerefundedafter48
hourswithoutaresolution.

7.8Demotion

Non-ParticipatingorunderperformingOracleMasternodescanbedemotedfrom(or
promotedto)thenetworkdependingonacombinationofseveralfactors:

 Networkconnectivityuptime
 Lessthan50%participationonsubmissioninallleagues
 Resultssubmissionaccuracy
 Non-renewalof30daycollateralcontract

7.9Governance

Oncethedistributednetworkisestablishedandstable,theoriginalWagerrdevelopment
teamwillfullyrelinquishcontrolofthegithubanddistributetheroleofgovernancetothe
network.TheWagerrnetworkachievesdecentralizedgovernancethroughavotingsystem
inwhicheachOracleMasternodeholdsthefranchise.Thissecondtierofthenetwork


20



extendstheprinciplesofproofofstaketothemostheavilyinvestedOracleMasternodes
whichperformtheessentialfunctionsofthesportsbettingblockchain.

Fundshavebeenallocatedforcontinuousinvestmentofongoingdevelopmentto
contributegrowingvaluetothenetworkandtofundadaptationstoanyunanticipated
phenomenanotaccountedforintheoriginaldesign.TheOracleintranetcollectivelyhas
thepowertovoteonnetworkrules,developmenttargets,andtheallocationofdedicated
developmentfunds.

7.9.1Payoutdispute

Intheeventthatauserornodebelievestheydidnotreceiveaproperpayout,thereare
measuresuserscantaketosignalandpetitiontheOracleMasternodenetworktorequest
areviewoftheresolutiontotheirbet.Signalingforareviewisassimpleassubmittinga
contract.Supermajorityconsensus(75%)oftheOracleMasternodesmustbeobtainedto
overturnorinvalidatebettingcontracts.

7.9.2Penalizednodes

Ifanodecontinuestosubmitmatchdatathatfallsoutofconsensusaftertheyhavebeen
demotedinthepast,theOraclenetworkcanvotetopenalizethenodeofanyofthefees
collectedsinceitspromotion.Thenetworkrecoversthesecoinsviathecollateralizedcoins
via90%supermajorityvoteinthetermsofthesmartcontract.

7.9.3OracleMasternodevoting

AdecentralizedvotingmechanismwithintheWagerrwalletallowsnetworkandprotocol
changestobeproposed.Fromthere,theOracleMasternodesasawholevoteonthe
proposal.Eachchangeormodificationpassedwithtwothirdsmajorityisdeployedtothe
mainnetworkautomatically.

Example:AnOracleoperatorwouldvoteonaprotocolorcorechangesimplybyusingthe
commandmasternodevoteyayormasternodevotenay,voteswouldthenpropagate
acrossthenetwork,betallied,andtheinstructionswouldbefollowedbythenetworkitself.

Operatorshavetheoptiontoabstainbysimplynotvoting.AbstainingOracleMasternodes
arenotcountedinthevotingtally.







21



7.9.4Potentialnetworkthreats

ThestructureoftheWagerrnetworkanticipatesthatsomebadactors,giventhe
opportunity,mightattempttofeedbadsportingeventsoutcomedatatothenetwork.

Consequencesforbadactors:See7.9.2Penalizednodes.

TheOracleMasternodenetworkrequiresmultiplechecksoncontractstosafeguard
againstfalsewinners.

Therigidlanguageofthesmartcontractstructureleavesnovulnerablesurfaceforattack.

Supermajority(75%)vs.simplemajority(51%)
OracleMasternodeoperatorshaveadeeplyvestedinterestinthesecurityandintegrityof
theblockchain,eventresults,coreprotocols,andcoincode.

Eventsrequire75%networkconsensus,ensuringthattheposteddataishighlyreliable.
Considerthis75%requirementincontrastwithalmostalldigitalcurrencieswhichrequirea
simplemajority(over50%)tobeconsideredconsensus.Wagerrgovernanceandsecurity
protocolsarefarmoresecure.

Majorprotocolchangesrequiretwothirds(66.67%)consensusamongOracleMasternodes.
Theabilitytoacquirethismuchofthenetworkwouldbeeithercostprohibitive,or
logisticallyimpossibleduetotheanonymityofthesystem.

Furthermore,evenifattackersattained66.67%ofthenetwork,theywouldhavethemost
tolosebyattemptingtomanipulatethenetworkintheirfavor.Iftheyweretochangethe
rulestoproduceunfairoutcomes,theirbadactionswoulddrivethevalueoftheWagerr
networkandWGRtokentozero.ThemoreanyWagerrnetworkparticipantowns,themore
incentivetheyhavetoenhancenetworkvalueandthemoredisincentivetheyhaveto
harmthenetwork.Again,thetransparencyofopensourcecodemeansthatanyhostile
changewouldbeflagged.Thesustainedbuyingpressurenecessarytoachieve
disproportionatenetworkcontrolwoulddriveupthepriceofWGR,requiringahuge
investment,suchthananyattempttoabusethesystemwouldresultincatastrophiclosses
forthebadactor.

Wagerreliminatesthepossibilityoflowcostnetworkattacksbycharginghigherfeesfor
activitiesthatconsumeresources,butdetract,ratherthanadd,valuetothenetwork.For
instance:

 Thenetworkrestrictshighvolume/smallvaluebetsbyrequiringminimumbet
amounts.
 Thenetworkalsoimposesincreasedfeesforsmallvaluebets.


22




7.10SportsdataFeeds

WagerrisdependentontheOraclemasternodestosuccessfullyreportrealmatchdata
correctlytoallowforbetstobepostedandresolvedcorrectly.Therearemultiplewaysthe
OracleMasternodescangathersportsfeeinformation.Nomatterwherethesourceof
informationiscomingfromtherequirementoftheoraclesistoformatthedatacorrectlyto
ensurethepostcanfallinconsensuswiththeotherOracleMasternodesonthenetwork.

 SportbettingAPIs(mostlypaidservices)
 SportSitescrapes(espn,yahoo,etc)
 Manualentry

SportbettingAPIsaretheeasiestandmostconsistentwaytoensurethateachOracle
Masternodereportsasaccuratelyaspossibleandparticipatesinreinforcingthenetwork.

SportsitescrapesarethemostcomplexwayforOracleMasternodestocollectdata.They
requirethemostworkbutalsoarethecheapestmethod.Thisrequiresascripttopulldata
offofnewssitessuchasYahoo,ESPN,andCBSSports.

Manualentryallowstheuserstodirectlyinsertoutcomesofuniqueevents.Iftheoperators
watchthegameorjustwanttoinputthedaysdatathemselvestheycandosomanually
throughtheRPCandvirtualinterface.

Toensurenotalloraclesarepullingdatafromthesamesource,Wagerrrequirestheoracle
toreporttothenetworkitsdatasource,and,ifnecessary,thenetworkwillforcealimiton
eachsource.

7.11NetworkAdd-ons&Enhancements

TheWagerrnetworkwillcontainaneverexpandinglistofimprovementsandadd-onsfar
intothefuture.Theroadmapoutlines3primaryenhancementsthatareparamountto
WagerrsSuccess.

 EventChatAddon
 RematchFunction/friendchallenge
 DynamicOddBalancing
 Moneylinebetting
 Seasonwinner/championsbets
 FantasySportsBetting



23





7.12Scalability

Wagerrisasingleserviceblockchain.Thesmartcontractsandtheentirenetworkare
designedtoaccommodateonlyalimitednumberofbettingandtransactiontypes.
ApplicationSpecificSmartContracts(ASSC)arearigidclassofcontractsthatallowWagerr
toknowtheexactstructureofeverycontractthatisproposedandinitiatedontheWagerr
blockchain.Thisallowsallpartiestohaveaccesstocontractsthatareproventobesafe,
secure,andresolvable.

Wagerralsoreliesonthecontractstofunctionasphasedtransactions.Whenthebetsare
madeandinitiated,thetransactioncreatedforcontractresolutionisalreadywaitingforthe
resulttobeposted,thenkeyingoffofthatresultforthedisposition.OncetheOracle
Masternodescometoconsensusonanuniqueeventandposttheoutcome,thecontracts
canbecompletedandpaidoutinthesameblock.Thisallowsthenetworktoscaleand
processlargeamountsofbetsatthesametimewithoutcausingadelayinresolution.

IPandhardcodedportrequirementsensurethateveryOracleMasternodeisbeing
operatedonadedicatedhardwareserverorvirtualprivateserver(VPS).Inotherwords,
OracleMasternodeoperatorsarenotabletorunmultiplenodesonasingleserver.These
requirementsensurethesecondtiernetworkisbothasdecentralizedaspossible,andthat
eachOracleMasternodeserverisadequatelypoweredtohandletheWagerrnetworkload
atanyscale.

7.13FeeStructure

NetworkfeesareimperativefortheWagerrnetworktosucceedlongterm.Wherethefees
goandhowtheyaredistributedtothenetworkdependsonthetypesoftransactionsand
protectionsinplace.

Bet&GeneralNetworkfees

 HeadtoHeadbetting2%winningside
 Multi-Userbetting4%winningside
 PeerlessDirectchainbetting6%winningside
 Networktransactionfee0.0001
 BetMinimumofbelow1Wagerrbetfeestriple

Thefeesonthe1stlayerarestandard0.0001WGRtotransferWGRfromwallettowalletto
preventaDDoSattackoflowcost.



24



7.14SupportedLeagues

WhenWagerrfullylaunchestheteamsandleaguesthataresupportedarecritical.The
moreleaguesthataresupportedthelargerthepotentialuserbasebecomes.Thelarger

SportLeaguessupportedatlaunch.

 Basketball
 NBA,NCAAMen's,EuroLeague,
 Baseball
 MLB,NCAABaseball,WorldSeriesofBaseball
 Hockey
 NHL,KHL,AHL
 AMFootball
 NFL,NCAAF
 Soccer
 FIFA,UEFA,COFEDCUP,EPL,MLS,ELO,ELT,FACUP
 Rugby
 NRL,RFL,EPSHIP,TRC,RWC
 Cricket
 ICC,CWC,INTC
 Golf
 PGA,ETOUR,RYDRCUP
 Tennis
 ATP,DAVISC,ITF,GST
 MMA
 UFC,BEL
 Boxing
 International
 Olympics
 Winter,Summer

SportLeaguessupportedforPeerlessDirectChainbetting

 HorseRacing
 International
 MotorSports
 NASCAR,FORMULA-1,INDYCAR

Addingnewleagues/teamsandnewsupportedmatchtypescanbedonethroughvoting
andgovernancefunctionsthatallowOracleMasternodestomakeproposalstoaddnew
leagues,changenames,andupdatebetoptions.


25




8.0CompetitiveAnalysis



Thedigitalcurrencyspaceisquicklybecomingsaturatedwithprojectsthatcreatenew
tokensandecosystems.Wagerrstandsoutmorethanmostoftheseprojectsduetothe
factthatthenetworkisdedicatedtoalargesingleusefunction:Sportsbetting.Themarket
forthissinglepurposeisoverwhelmingandthedemandsthatitputsonthenetworkand
chainaresignificant.

Scalabilityandsecurityarethereforeparamount.Theonlywaytoachievethiskindofscale
istobeasinglepurposeblockchainverygoodatonething.ForWagerrtoensurethatit
canprocessandpayoutthousandsofbetsonthousandsofeventsaday,Wagerrhastobe
efficientandpowerful,andnotoverloadedwithfunctionsandfeatures.

InthiscomparisonchartyoucanseetwoprojectsthatalsouseEthereumtechnology
Gnosis,andAugur.BothoftheseprojectsdifferdramaticallyfromWagerrinthattheyrely
exclusivelyoncomplexpeertopeer(P2P)predictionmarkets,whereasWagerroffers
simpleandefficientP2PcontractswhiletakingittothenextlevelwithpeerlessDirectChain
betting.


Thefundamentaldifferencesareasfollows:

 Designedasasingleindustrysolution
 LinkingusagetoPrice(valuecoupling)
 Aselfcorrectingdeflationaryeconomy
 2ndtiernetworkproperlyincentivized
 Rigidsmartcontractsensureeffectivescaling



26



Wagerraccountsforthescalingissuesbytargetingonlyoneindustryandlimitingwhatcan
beimplementedontheblockchain.CombiningthatwiththerigidcontractsofASSC,
Wagerrcanensurethatcontractsarenotopenendedandprotectusersonalllevels.



9.0DevelopmentalRoadmap

TheWagerrteamhasbeenhardatworksinceSeptemberof2016.Largeportionsofthe
bettingenginearecompleteaswellastheASSCcontractsystem.TheOracleMasternode
postingmechanismsforhowtheycollectandpostdataisalsonearcompletion.

ThedevelopmentofWagerriscriticaltotheproject'sfuturesuccess.EventhoughWagerris
anopensourceprojectandanyonecanassistorhelpbuilditinthefuture,thelaunchteam
iscommittedtothelongtermvisionoftheprojectandwilldeliveronlaunchcommitments.

 LateQ32017-Testnetreleased.TheWagerrtestnetdeploys,allowingplayersto
previewHeadtoHeadbetmatchingandgeneralwalletfunctions.Oracle
Masternodeownerscanbecomefamiliarwiththeiroperationandtestdifferent
configurationsforbestresults.

 Q42017-HeadtoHeadBettingisdeployedandthechaingoeslive.Theblockchain
mediatesbetsbetweentwoplayerstakingoppositesidesonupcomingsporting
events.Thefeeforanexecutedcontractis2%ofthepayout.1%goestothe
processingOracleand1%getsburned.

 Q42017-EventChatAdd-on.Everyeventwillhaveitsownchatroomthatwillallow
thosewhoarebettingontheeventtocommunicatewithoneanother.Userscanget
toknowwhotheyarebettingagainstandtalkabouttheeventlivewhileithappens.

 Q12018-MultiUserBetting.Tomakeiteasiertofindandfulfillmorebetsonlow
volumeevents,thesystemallowsmultipleplayerstobepairedagainstasingle
bettor.Thisensuresthatlargebetsdonotrequireanexactmatchtoforgea
contract.Thefeeforthistransactionis4percent.2%ofthefeegoestotheOracle
processingthetransactionand2%getsburned.

 LateQ12018-Challenge/RematchAdd-on.TheChallengeandRematchsystem
allowstheplayertomessagepreviousbettingpartnersandissuechallengesorask
forrematches.Thisexpandsontheconceptofanaddressbookbyallowingusersto
see,track,andrematchpastplayersandeasilyinvitefriendstouseWagerrtobet
againstoneanother.

 Q22018-PeerlessDirectChainBetting.Wagerrgivestheplayertheoptiontoforgo
lookingforamatchandbetdirectlyagainstthechain,whichtakestheothersideof


27



thebetautomatically.Thefeeforthistransactionis6percent.3%ofthefeegoesto
theOraclethatprocessestherequestand3%isautomaticallyburned.






Q22018-DynamicOddsBalancing.ForDirectonChainbetting,Wagerrincentivizes
bettingontheothersidewhenonesidegetsoverweighted.Thisfeatureallowsthe
Wagerrchaintoensurethatitexposesthenetworktothesmallestamountof
payoutliability.

10.0ICODetails



TheWagerrICOstartsJune1st2017andrunsuntilJune25th.TheprimarygoalsfortheICO
aretointroduceWagerrtotheworldinawaythatpromotesfair,effective,andglobal
distribution,cultivatingrhizomaticdecentralization.



10.1ICOBonusStructure

WagerrsICObonusesarestructuredverydifferentlythantheaverageofferings.Wagerr
designedthebonusstructuretoincentivizeparticipantsthatbuyintocontinuepromoting
theofferingevenaftertheybuy.Wagerrachievesthisthroughhavingthebonusesbe
dependentonthelaterroundssuccess.

Withupto20roundsofsales,aprogressivebonussystemrewardsearlyadopterswhile
encouragingwordofmouthmarketingandthecompletesaleofeachround.Participantsin
eachroundwina1%bonusatthecompletionofsubsequentrounds.Forexample,Round
1participantswinatotal4%bonusatthecompletionofRound5..ParticipantsinRounds
6-10alsohaveachancetowinGoldenTickets.150,000coinsareallocatedforthisspecial
randombonus.

Example1

TheICOfullysellsout,roundoneparticipantswouldreceivea9%bonusandroundtwo
participantswouldreceivea8%bonusandsoon.
Example2

TheICOonlysellsout5roundsandends,participantsinroundonewouldreceivea
bonusof4%,participantsinroundtwowouldreceivea3%bonusandsoon.

10.2ICOMilestones

FundingmilestonessecurethedevelopmentofmajorfeaturesontheWagerrroadmap.
WiththecompletionofRound1,Wagerrpledgestoissuetokens,andbuildaHeadtoHead


28



betmatchingsystem.CompletionofRound3fundsMultiUserBetting;completionof
Round5securesDirectOnChainBetting.

10.3ICOContingencies

IfRound1isnotfullyfundedbytheendoftheICO,theICOwillextendorrestart.IfRound
10successfullycompletesonorbeforeJune14th2017,theICOwillexpandtomaximize
distributionandcapitalizationfordevelopment.TheICOwillextendbynomorethan10
Rounds.Thehardcapformaximumtokenissuanceis200milliontokens.

10.4ICODistribution

TheamountofcoinsthatarecreatedfortheWagerrchainarealldependentonhowmany
coinssellduringtheICO.Becausewedonotknowthetotalthatwillbesold,theICO
operatesbasedoffofpercentagestoensurefairnessforall.TheICOpercentagesareas
follows.

 85%ofAvailablecoinsareforsaleopentothepublic
 4%ofAvailablecoinsarereservedforbonuses
 8%ofAvailablecoinsareescrowedfortheDevelopers
 3%ofAvailablecoinsareallocatedformarketing


11.0ICOFundAllocation&FutureDevelopment

 Development-FundcontinueddevelopmentofWagerr,whichisvitaltotheability
tocontinueaddingnewleagues,maintainAPIadvancement,integratemore
accurateresultsanddeepersourcepools,andimplementnewbettingtypes.Thisis
thelargestreserveofICOfunds,ensuringthattalentcanbeattracted.
 Marketing-ContinueadvertisingtoencourageadoptionandusageofWagerr,
developpositivepublicrelations,pursuepartnershipswithentitiesthatadvance
towardthesegoals,andpromotetheadvantagesofdecentralizedsportsbetting.
 Legal-Assistwithnavigatingregulationswhereneeded.Themainfocuswillbeon
advocacyandlobbyingtopromoteopenaccessworldwide.
 Consulting-Hireindustryexpertsfromawidespectrumofsectorsincluding:
Gaming,BusinessStrategy,Blockchaintechnology,andMarketingand
CommunicationstoadviseWagerrdevelopment,messaging,andoverallgoals.
 Accounting-Ensureresponsiblemanagement,allowforresourcestoimprove
transparencyandaccountability,improveoverallsustainability,andworkwithLegal
andConsultingtoadvancetheproject.




29



ThefundsthatWagerrraisesduringthecrowdsalefortheWGRtokenwillbeused
accordingtothechartshownbelow.Wagerrwillbeopenandtransparentaboutallfund
movementsandsalestofundanyportionoftheplan.



ThisdiagramshowstheallocationoffundsthatareraisedviasellingWGRintheICO.

11.1DeveloperportionofICOcoins

8%ofthecoinsmintedfortheICOwillbeallocatedtotheWagerrdevelopers.75%ofthese
coinswillbeescrowedforthefirstyearandifmovedallmovementswillbesharedand
communicatedfairlyandopenly.Theremainingcoinswillbereleasedandsplitamongthe
teammembersandadvisors.

11.2DevelopmentFees

Wagerrwasdesignedtobecompletelydecentralized,andtoensurecontinuous
developmentinthistradition,developerfeeswerebuiltintoeverysinglebet.Thecoins
earnedoffofthesefeeswillgointoanetworkaddressthattheOracleMasternodescontrol
viavoting.ByhavingtheOracleMasternodenetworkcontrolthesefeesensuresthatthe
Wagerrnetworkwillalwaysbeabletogrowandexpandfarintothefuture.

11.3FutureDevelopment

Wagerrisandalwayswillbeafullydecentralizedopensourceproject.TheOracle
Masternodesgovernancewillallowthenetworktovoteonproposedchangesand
improvements.Allthedevelopmentfundscollectedbyitsportionofthebettingfees(2%of
allthebettingfees)arecontrolledbytheOracleMasternodenetwork.Thisrealityensures
thatWagerrwillalwaysbeabletorewardongoingdevelopmentforgenerationstocome.


30





12.0Conclusion

Wagerrismorethanjustacoin.Itsatechnologypoisedtodisrupttheentiresportsbetting
industryandarevolutioninthedesignofdigitalcurrencyeconomies.

Wagerrpairscuttingedgeblockchaintechnologywithanewtakeonanindustry
desperatelyinneedofdecentralization.

Traditionalsportsbettingrequiresparticipantstoentrustvaluableassetstountrustworthy
individualsandorganizationsconstrainedbyunpredictableregulations,oftenin
jurisdictionsthatcriminalizethecorepractice.Therisksofsportsbettingareabsurdly
compounded.Thepurefunofsportsbettingliesintryingtopredictanuncertainfuture.
Butlegacybettingmodelsmultiplywhatbettorsputatrisk,regardlessoftheoutcomeof
thesportingeventtheirassets,theirfreedom,theirlivesareallinjeopardyfromcrooked
bookies,lawenforcement,andpredatoryloansharks.Centralizedsystemsareexcessively
risky,excessivelycostly,unpredictable,andunfairtobettors,andoftenevenunfairto
licensedparticipantsintheregulatedbettingindustry.Whenpoweriscentralizedin
governments,corporateorprivatebooks,thebettorissodependentonthereliabilityof
unreliableelementsthatsportsbettingisactuallyabitcrazy.Itdoesnthavetobethatway.

Wagerroffersnotonlyadecentralizedsportsbettingblockchain,butalsoasustainable
economythatproduces,perhapsforthefirsttime,adigitalassetinadecentralized
economywiththefullfunctionsofacurrency.Wagerris:

 aledger,
 amediumofexchange,and
 adecentralizedstoreofvalue.

Amatchmadeinblockchainheaven.
Puttingthesetwoachievementstogetherdisruptingthesportsbettingindustryand
revolutionizingdigitalcurrencywhatwegetisadecentralizedsportsbettingnetwork
thatdramaticallyimprovestheconditionsofsportsbetting.Andaslongasamodest
fractionofthetrilliondollarsportsbettingindustryadoptstheWagerrnetworkforbetting,
thevalueofthecentraltoken,WGR,willsystematicallybesustainedinarelativelystable
growthtrajectorywithdynamicallymoderatedvolatility.Sportsbettingandtheblockchain
weremeanttobe.



Wagerristhefutureofsportsbetting.Thefutureofsportsbettingbelongsontheblockchain.





31



WorksCited


https://www.dash.org/forum/threads/self-sustainable-decentralized-governance-by-blockchain.4708/


https://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/14/opinion/nba-commissioner-adam-silver-legalize-spo
rts-betting.html

http://www.espn.com/chalk/story/_/id/18487333/william-hill-says-sunday-was-worst-day-ev
er

https://hackernoon.com/smart-contracts-turing-completeness-reality-3eb897996621






32

Whitepaper

FinShi Capital Crowdsale
www.finshi.capital

About us:
Description: FinShi Capital is the first venture fund formed entirely of
cryptocurrency and managed by experts in classic venture market.
ICO dates: September 6, 2017  October 6, 2017
ICO goal: min CAP $30 000 000, max CAP $50 000 000
Token: security (made to make profits from investments), ERC20 Ethereum
token
Location: Singapore
Main advantages:





Our team has been working on the investments market since 2007
Simple and time-proved revenue model: venture investments in IT startups
Expected annual income is very high  520%
High liquidity of the funds token: it can be sold on exchanges or it can
bring its owner dividends through buyback
 Complied with SEC and MAS requirements

If you want to take part in our ICO, follow the instructions on our official
website http://finshi.capital
Please do not trust any other sources of information in order to avoid frauds!

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

How it all began
In the beginning of 2017 our team of professional investors from a classic
venture market were looking into a possibility of investing in Blockchain
projects. We found out that there are a lot of promising projects, and yet few
experts from the venture market. Thats when we decided to set up a new
fund with the help of ICO. We called it FinShi Capital.
With FinShi Capitals tokens anyone can become an investor in the
professional venture fund with large income.
Our fund is based on three pillars:
1. Classic venture funds usually greet only those investors who have at
least $500 000. While our investors will have an opportunity to work
with a professional venture fund, enjoy all the benefits and invest any
sum of money, even if they have only $1 in their wallet.
2. Every day hundreds of new projects, technologies and companies
appear on the Blockchain market and seek funding. Most of the
projects are legit, but still there is a considerable amount of scam ones.
Unprofessional investor would find it really difficult to define which
project will succeed and which one will fail. Our team, on the other
hand, does it every day, its our job  finding the best legit
groundbreaking projects and then investing in them.
3. When you invest in classic venture funds or directly in startups (angel
investments), you have to wait for profits for several years, because you
simply cant get money for your share until the project is grown and
sold. As for FinShi Capitals tokens, you will be able to sell them on
exchanges any time you want. Or, of course, you could wait for the
funds realization and get maximum profits. We provide all of our
portfolio startups with professional guidance, thus ensuring these
profits.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Market
The Blockchain market is growing rapidly. At the beginning of the year 2017
capitalization of the global cryptocurrency market was only 18.2 billion
dollars. In August 2017 it was 160 billion dollars. And it continues to grow.

Aggregate value of digital assets is significantly higher than Teslas
capitalization, its even higher than several countries GDP. This is how vast
the cryptocurrency market is.
In 2016 technological companies raised $86 200 000 000, and its only on
classic IPO.
FinShi Capitals experts believe that speculating transactions and growing
number of ICO launches make the explosive growth of the cryptocurrency
market possible. We are expecting a serious market correction in the next 2
years (because it is subject to a so-called bubble effect). Thats why if you
invest together with the venture fund, you reduce the risk of making
ineffective investments in Blockchain startups.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Venture Investments Market
Venture investments have become an entrenched part of market relations. In
2016 more than 70 billion dollars were invested in the venture market in the
USA alone. 7751 IT projects were funded with this money.
Fintech and Blockchain projects are in high demand and they present the
fastest growing sector. Their market growth is 59% comparing to the previous
year.
Most of the groundbreaking projects from this sector appear in Asia, Europe
and FSU Region. We have offices in all of these regions, so there is no way we
can miss a promising Fintech or Blockchain startup.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Regulations
Most of the countries are not regulating cryptocurrency turnover and ICO in
any way. Some of the countries are just starting to frame legislation in this
sphere. Therefore, all of the investors must know that in the absence of any
regulation of the sphere they must be willing to take all the risks.
There is a risk of any of this countries introducing regulations that might lead
to significant changes and restrictions in the conditions under which the
partner invests or receives the profits. The investor must monitor the
occurrence of such changes by himself, and should they appear must take all
the risks associated with it.
Cryptocurrency is currently formally recognized as one of the liquid means of
payment only in Japan. Such countries as the USA, Canada, Switzerland and
Singapore only have some recommendations and warnings for the investors,
not full-fledged regulation.
The fund is officially located in Singapore, so it is working in compliance with
the laws of this country. In case the country introduces any specifications or
changes in the regulations over ICO or cryptocurrency, that might affect the
funds work in any way, we will notify all of our investors immediately.
FinShi Capitals token FINS is a security; it implies (not guarantees) that our
investors will be receiving profits. The tokens will be issued in compliance with
MAS (Singapore) and SEC (the USA) regulations. The detailed description and
status of the token as a security can be found in the Legal Terms section.
Anyone can take part in FinShi Capitals ICO, any countrys citizens, if the law
of the country permits them to do this. The only exception are Singapore
citizens  their participation in the ICO is impossible.
For some countries residents, like the USA and Canada, it is obligatory to
confirm that they have an accredited investor status.
And all of the investors will also have to go through KYC and ALM
identification procedures.
FinShi Capital is trying to provide all of its investors with the required
information, but we strongly recommend that each of our partners must
study his country of residences laws regarding cryptocurrency and hire a
professional lawyer that can help you make the most informed decision about
investing in the fund.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

FinShi Capital
FinShi Capital was founded in 2017 by professional investors of the global
venture market from Capinvest 21 venture fund and a group of Asian venture
investors Asian LP.

The investment company Capinvest 21 has been operating since 2007 and has
offices in Singapore, Cyprus and Moscow. Over the past years our team has
learnt how to choose the right project for funding and has accumulated
considerable experience in managing and guiding startups. The team helps
projects with daily management, teaches them how to complete their product
development as fast as possible, and then helps them with capturing target
markets and minimizing risks. There have been a lot of different
manufacturing and service companies in the funds portfolio over the past 10
years (oil and gas industry, logistics, construction). But now the team is
focused on IT projects. Capinvest 21 is a partner of most of the innovative
companies (IIDF, Skolkovo, RVC, Rusnano, etc) and works together with
strategic infrastructural companies.
Our second fund, CAPINVEST 21 Grows Venture Fund II was formed to invest
in projects on A and B rounds. It contains 100 million dollars, with which our
team funds only those projects, that have proved their business model to
work and captured clients demand. Capinvest 21 prefers to invest in projects
from: E-commerce & Mobile, Marketplace & Aggregators, Social media, SaaS
& Smart Cloud, Advert technology.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Summarizing results of the previous periods, the total return of Capinvest 21
is more than 122% per annum. Our experience, reputation and
professionalism are at your service!
In FinShi Capitals main focus are Fintech projects on seed and A/B rounds,
those that already have MVP and first clients. Investment in one project vary
from $500k to $5m. The best startups will be funded with classic venture
investments (fiat currency). We will also take part in crowdsales of some of
the selected companies.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

The Fund's investment strategy
Around 60% of the raised funds will be spent on short-term investments in
carefully selected projects that are planning to launch their own ICOs. Up to
30% will go to long-term investments and no more than 10% will be left for
classic venture investments. Such portfolio allocation assures balance
between the risks of short-term and long-term investments. The strategy
might be changed by the management whenever there is a need to do so.
Strategy

Entrance

Exit

Investment in 1
project

Funds

Investments in projects with
ICO (short-term)

Before ICO

After ICO 100%

$500k - $2,5m

60%

Investments in projects with
ICO (long-term)

Before ICO

75% - after ICO; 25% in the next 2 years

$500k - $3m

30%

Investments in projects
without ICO (classic VC)

Seed and A
rounds

In the next 2 years 
100% (once it the
share is sold to a
strategic buyer or
next round investor)

$1m - $5m

10%

 Participation in the portfolio companys follow-up is possible.
 The unused raised funds will be temporarily invested in four different
lower risk securities (conservative investing).
 Making co-investments is possible for the purpose of minimizing risks.
 Portfolios profits will be recalculated after each exit. The funds total
profits will be calculated after its realization.
In the end of August FinShi Capital was monitoring more than 70 different
Fintech-projects, some of which might be funded after the funds ICO. We still
continue to search carefully for more interesting projects.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

FinShi Capital's mission
Our mission is to maximize our partners profits by helping new Fintech and
Blockchain companies to grow into unicorns.

FinShi Capitals goals
In the next 2 years our team will select, fund and assure rapid growth of 15 to
30 startups. All of these startups will afterwards be sold to the next round
investors or strategic buyers. Eventually the fund will be fully realized,
investors will get their money back, 7 to 14 times more than the initial sum
they invested, and the world will get new worthy IT companies.
In our classic venture fund we ensure 120% per annum income (summarizing
the portfolio projects growth during the previous periods), so if we take into
account dynamics of Blockchain and Fintech market development, we set a
goal to have 520% per annum income.

How FinShi Capital will accomplish its goals
We have been earning money on classic venture investments for several years
now. Investments in Blockchain companies are a bit different, but the main
issues are still the same. We know these issues, and we know for sure how to
address them.
1. Projects selection. Once ICO is over, we will carefully select startups for
funding.
2. Projects growth. After we invest in the most promising projects, we will
help them to speed their development and improve their products.
3. Shares selling. When a startup reaches considerable growth, we sell our
share and get high profits.
This cycle repeats several times until all the raised funds are distributed.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Why FinShi Capital
FinShi Capital is the first blockchain venture fund formed entirely of
cryptocurrency. There are some venture funds on the market who invest in
Blockchain startups, but they use classic venture scheme and do not allow
partners invest small sums of money. Thanks to the smart contracts
technology, we can invite unlimited number of unprofessional investors to
invest together with us. So firstly, you should choose us because we make it
possible for you to become an investor of a professional venture fund with
the minimal investment of just $1.
Secondly, unlike most of the new crowdfunding and investment platforms, we
have been working in this sphere since 2007. We offer you everything we
know. We are already making good money on the venture market. Join us.
Thirdly, we know the best ways to determine which project has a chance to
succeed. Usually only 1 or 2 startups out of 100 show considerable growth.
We analyze startups every day and always see the promising ones, thats why
our funds show good figures. Dozens of startups appear every week,
launching ICOs and seeking other ways to raise funds. Most of these projects
might eventually turn out to be scams. A private investor would never be able
to analyze and process that much data just by himself.
And finally we know what is most important  portfolio projects
management. Most of the advisory platforms, that help you to make a
decision about an investment, do not think about the next very important
step. The pace of portfolio companys capitalization growth depends on how
well the project is managed afterwards. The fund provides all of its portfolio
projects with advisory and proper management. It helps them with product
development, day-to-day affairs and capturing target markets, thus ensuring
the startups growth. The fund spends around 50% of its time and resources on
this, eventually, these are the things that assure high profits.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Why Our Tokens
1. You will be able to sell tokens on exchanges at any time.
2. The tokens value will be gradually growing after each share purchase
or sale.
3. Approximately every month you will be getting dividends  80% of the
funds profits (the fund will be buying out your tokens after each exit, it
will be happening almost every month starting from the fourth quarter
of 2017).
If you bought cryptocurrency just hoping that it would grow and you would
profit from the increase in the rate, you will receive less profits than your due.
Instead of lying around in your wallets, your cryptocurrency can earn extra
money by being invested in the venture fund.
Any owner of a virtual wallet can invest in FinShi Capital and become a
shareholder of several legit promising companies.
Members of our team spent years working on the venture market, they do
not invest in projects which can bankrupt tomorrow. They know well how to
ensure high profits and make good money for themselves and for all of the
funds investors.

Token's Description
FinShi Capitals ICO will be conducted in compliance with SEC and MAS
regulations. Anyone, except for Singapore citizens, will be able to purchase
the funds tokens legally. However, all of the investors will have to go through
KYC/ALM procedure.
The funds tokens are standard ERC20 tokens, created to make profits
(securities).

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

How we reduce risks and increase profits
One of the main risks that investors face, both on the classic venture market
and ICO, is scam. According to experts, most of the Blockchain/Bitcoin
startups can turn out to be fraud. Nowadays dishonest entrepreneurs use
virtual economy to earn money: it is easy to invest in it, and unprofessional
investors tend to fund projects without thorough analysis and investigation.
FinShi Capitals team has met a lot of incompetent and fraud projects over the
years of their work. Thats why for our team performing Due Diligence of each
project is a must.
Our analysts, managing partners and invited experts carefully and thoroughly
examine each project. Even startups that dont have a working product yet,
but have an idea, founders, target markets, must be investigated. During Due
Diligence specialists verify team members biographies, experience, test their
business model, and if the project is already up and running, they analyze how
and why this startup is growing/making profits. We also analyze markets and
competitors in order to figure out how big certain projects part on the target
market will be. It might take months to complete Due Diligence, but
eventually there will be a full report with all of the risks and perspectives of a
certain startup.
FinShi Capital works together with outside agencies which also perform Due
Diligence of the funds potential portfolio projects. They provide us with an
unbiased review of all the aspects, thus helping us to minimize the risks.
Our team are all experienced investors, their knowledge allows them to
perform a high-quality Due Diligence of each project, thus ensuring safe
investments and high profits.
And of course one of the most important things is a skilled strategic
management of each portfolio company. Smart management significantly
reduces risks.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Our team
Experienced investors and analysts manage FinShi Capital.
Andrey Orlov  Managing Partner, FinShi Capitals CEO
Andrey has wide experience of managing real
sector of economy companies in various spheres:
production, logistics and construction. Moreover,
he started, developed and then sold several
businesses himself. Entrepreneur until 2004 he
had two successful startups focusing on mobile
devices: a communications store Mobilnik and a
distributor of digital devices DigitalFree. In 2008 he
joined Capinvest 21 and started working on its
projects. 2008-2011 were the years when Andrey took part in development of
different Capinvest 21s portfolio projects. These projects were from such
sectors of economy as oil and gas pipeline construction, detailed engineering,
commerce and information services.
Since 2015 he acts as a managing partner of Capinvest 21. Andrey has degrees
from two Universities: Tyumen State University (Information Technology) and
Tyumen State University of Architecture and Construction (Economy and
Finance).
Andrey represents Blockchain Association in Russia.
Vyacheslav Sorokin  FinShi Capital's Partner
Vyacheslav helps the company to build strong
relations with its partners and contractors
(including GR), he is also responsible for the
technical side of our portfolio projects.
He has vast experience of direct sales and
marketing. Before joining Capinvest 21, he had
worked in offline business. In 2013 Vyacheslav
joined the company and started working with
online startups. He is an entrepreneur with 16
years of experience and 3 own service industry startups in Ural Federal
District.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Ayami Tanaka  Projects Manager
Ayami has been working with Capinvest 21 since
2016. She is responsible for organization of
events, meetings and conferences. Shes a
professional translator fluent in several
languages, so she works closely with
international projects and partners.

Yaroslav Kabakov  Mentor and Financial Adviser
Yaroslav is Deputy CEO in FINAMone of the
biggest investment companies in Russia. His
experience and expertise help us see financial
plans, the funds models and portfolio
companies in a new light.
Yaroslav is a financial expert with vast
experience. He is a graduate of Plekhanov
Russian University of Economics. He is an economist with a Ph.D. in Economics.
Before FINAM, he was the CEO of Neftegazservis, a chief specialist in Akrons
department on pricing control, he ran NetTraders training center. Since
November 2007 he had been Chief Development Officer of ANO FINAM
Training Center, and then from 2008 till 2013 he had been its Principal.
From 2013 till 2016 Yaroslav Kabakov had been working as Chief Executive of
Association of Microfinance Organizations. He has FCSMs qualification
certificate 1.0.
Evgeny Kuznetsov  Adviser on Venture Investments
Evgeny Kuznetsov is a Director of subsidiary
funds of RVC JSC. He is responsible fo activity
of RVC Infrafund LLC, RVC Biofund LLC, RVC FPI
LLC and MIC Civil Technologies LLC. Evgeny has
been working at RVC since 2009. He was a
director
of
the
development
and
communication department, later  director
of the strategic communications department.
From 2014 he was appointed as a Deputy CEO  director of the project office,
became a member of the management boards of RVC. In December 2015,
www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

took the position of Deputy CEO  program director. From July to December
2016  temporary CEO of RVC.
RVC  is the Russian governments fund of funds and the development
institute of the Russian Federation, one of countrys key tools to create and
expand the national innovation system. The company has a wide range of
programs to develop Russias venture investment market establish
educational and organizational services for market players, as well as increase
the ability of Russian technology companies to compete in the global
marketplace. RVCs main objectives are to promote Russias venture
investment industry, and to take on the role as the project office for the
National Technology Initiative (NTI).
The total number of RVC funds has reached 25 (including two funds in foreign
jurisdictions), with their total size of RUB 35.1 bn. RVCs share is RUB 22.5 bn.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Risks
Venture investments are highly risky. Buying FINS tokens is a considerable
risk. The investors and managers incur the following risks: inherent risk, loss
risk, theft risk, compliance risk, risk of misconception. Once the investor sends
his cryptocurrency to one of the funds wallets, he confirms that he
understands and accepts the risks and potential irreversible losses. The funds
managers only risk losing their own personal investments.
 There is no guarantee that the invested funds will be safe or will lead to
profits.
 All of your investments might be lost!
 The investments are not insured and there are no private or
government insurance representative that the investors can address.
 There is no guarantee of the tokens liquidity in the future. There is a
risk that the tokens wont be in demand.
 There is a risk of all the funds assets theft by fraudsters or hackers.
 There is a risk of appearance of regulatory or legal restrictions, which
can complicate the funds work or stop it altogether.
 There is a risk of a fail investment, which the fund might proclaim
unprofitable and write off as a loss.
 There are technical risks (e.g. connected to Ethereum) that might cause
the fund to be unable to make a transaction of the profits.
 There is a risk of cryptocurrency, fiat currency or investment
devaluation.
 There is a corporate risk of losing control over shares of the portfolio
startup.
All legal conditions and agreements, including those for the US citizens
can be found here. All investors must read carefully and accept these
conditions and all the risks!

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

ICO structure
FinShi Capitals ICO goal is to raise from 30 to 50 million dollars in
cryptocurrency in order to invest them in Finteck and Blockchain projects
afterwards.
We have a simple and understandable model of making money on the funds
tokens  buy-back mechanism. With the help of smart contracts FinShi Capital
will be obliged to buy out your tokens after each portfolio companys shares
sale. It means that each time the fund profitably exits one of its startups, all of
the investors of the fund will immediately get dividends. 80% of the profits
will be yours, the fund will get 20%. So, according to this structure, the
members of FinShi team will get their profits alongside other investors, which
means that maximizing profits is in everyones interest. The fund will be
operating for 2 years, but the period might be changed.
Moreover, in addition to the buy-back mechanism, you will be able to sell
your tokens on exchanges at the market price any time you want. And as the
fund will start buying shares in startups straight away after the ICO, the
tokens market price will grow with each purchase. You wont be able to find a
classic venture capital that offers an opportunity to quickly exit the fund with
your profits secured.
This model is compelling for the investors because of its liquidity and
volatility.
We are sure that classic investors, traders, venture investors, as well as
cryptocurrency owners and financial investment funds will be interested in
joining our ICO. For all of you we offer portfolio diversification and
professional guidance for each project management.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

ICO details

FinShi Capitals tokens (FINS) will be made on Ethereum Blockchain ERC20
token standard. They will be issued only after the ICO.
Our ICO starts on September 6, 2017.
Crowdsale will last until October 6, 2017, or until the max cap of $50 000 000
is reached (depends on what happens first).
The funds location: Singapore.
The amount of issued tokens will depend on the sum raised in dollars
according to the rate 1 USD = 1 token.
Minimum capital  $30 000 000. Minimum sum of the issued tokens =
30 000 000.
Maximum Capital - $50 000 000. Maximum sum of the issued tokens =
50 000 000.
The funds raised on the ICO will be distributed as follows:





75% of tokens will be invested in startups.
10% Marketing.
10% Management and Administrative expenses for the next 3 years.
5% Advisers and Bounty Campaign.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Investment possibilities for citizens of different countries
Anyone except for the Singapore citizens will be able to invest in our ICO.
Unfortunately, if you are an official resident of Singapore, you wont be able
to take part in our ICO due to the legal restrictions.
FinShi Capitals ICO will be launched in accordance with SEC (USA) and MAS
(Singapore) regulations. Anyone interested, except for Singapore citizens, will
be able to buy our tokens. However, most of the investors will have to go
through the KYC/ALM procedure and state the sources and amount of their
income.
And all of the investors must keep in mind that they will have to provide
extend information about themselves for unambiguous identification in order
to be able to sell their tokens back to the fund. Anonymous investors wont be
able to sell the tokens to the fund and get profits.
Once the investor gets the profits, he must pay all the taxes for his income,
based on the laws of the country he lives in.
All countries evaluate venture investments risks differently. Investors must
remember that even investing in venture funds is highly risky. FinShi Capital
does not guarantee you will receive profits. Moreover, we notify all of our
investors of the risk of losing everything they invested in the fund.
Cryptocurrency is forbidden and is in the grey zone in several countries.
Investors must find out themselves whether he is able to perform
cryptocurrency transactions in the country of their residency or not. Everyone
must comply with the laws of the countries they live in.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Token's cost:
The tokens cost will depend on cryptocurrency rate to dollar at the day of the
purchase.
ICO
1 Day 1-2
2 Day 3-7
3 Day 8 and later

1 token = 0,95 USD
1 token = 0,97 USD
1 token = 1 USD

Discount 5%
Discount 3%

* equivalent in the US dollars is shown for illustration purposes, only cryptocurrencies will be accepted during the ICO. Exchange your fiat
currency to cryptocurrency on exchanges before the ICO starts.

There will be discounts during the first 7 days of the crowdsale. To receive the
discounts investors will have to contact us via e-mail and get an approval prior
to the ICO.
You will be able to buy FinShi Capitals tokens with most of the
cryptocurrencies (BTC, ETH).
The first 2 days of the ICO are the most advantageous, as there will be a 5%
discount. Then the discount will be reducing day by day.
The tokens cost after the ICO will be defined by the value of assets/amount of
the issued tokens. The value of assets will be recalculated after each exit from
a portfolio company.

In order to avoid fraudsters we strongly recommend that you invest only via
our official website http://finshi.capital/ ! Otherwise you might end up sending
money to someone elses wallets.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Monitoring of work and investments
We are obliged to provide all of our partners with unhampered excess to the
funds operations and expenses. FinShi Capital will try to give you almost any
information you need (except for the moments when information leak can
cause problems to commercial interests of portfolio companies). At any time,
our investors will be able to get up-to-date information about:
- current portfolio projects and investors personal share in each of them;
- the teams plans for each project (in some cases we will be able to inform
you about exits in advance);
- current metrics of each startup and analysts reports;
- profitability of the portfolio.
Moreover, we will hold regular meetings with our investors to discuss the
funds activity.
At some point within two months after the ICO the raised funds will undergo
an independent audit. All our partners will be able to find the results of this
audit, as well as all further periodic financial reports, on our website
http://finshi.capital
The fact that you will be able to monitor the funds work and investments
does not guarantee that you will get profits or preserve the money that you
invested. All of the invested funds can be lost, they are not insured. You make
a decision to invest in the fund by yourself and at your own risk. We advise
you to read all the information carefully and think your decision through
before investing.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Bounty Campaign
FinShi Capital allocates 2% of the raised during the ICO tokens for its Bounty
Campaign
The tokens will be distributed as follows:
01. Facebook20%
02. Twitter20%
03. Telegram5%
04. Bitcointalk.org30%
05. Youtube5%
06. Instagram5%
07. Blogs (Slack, Medium, Golos etc)10%
08. VKontakte2%
09. Translations2%
10. Bonus1%
We made sure that each Bounty partner would get a good amount of tokens.
You can join our Bounty Campaign right now! Just select what interests you and
fill in the form.

>>>> 01. Facebook Bounty <<<<
20% of the tokens will be allocated to Facebook (120000 - 390000 tokens)
https://www.facebook.com/finshi.capital/
Terms and conditions
1. You must have at least 400 friends and make privacy settings open for your
page.
2. If you have more than 1000 friends, you will get +30%
3. If you have more than 4999 , you will get +100%
4. Register your participation by following this link: https://goo.gl/PE1Etj
5. Follow and like our official page https://www.facebook.com/finshi.capital/
6. Hit the like button on every post on this page.
7. Share at least 3 posts from the page per week (no more than 1 per day)
8. Post at least one message a week about FinShi Capital on your page. It must
be written with your own words, in your native language, and must contain this
link https://www.facebook.com/finshi.capital
9. Multiple accounts registration is not allowed. One person = one account. All
the related accounts will be deleted.
www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Dates
Once a week our bounty-manager will be checking and renewing your status in
the spreadsheet https://goo.gl/6r87mF
You can join the Bounty Campaign at any time. Though the sooner you do it, the
more
tokens
you
will
get.
You must start right away after the registration (just make sure your e-mail is in
the spreadsheet). Dont wait for any other confirmation!
You must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days
Additional information
The list of participants is being checked and updated once a week.The
spreadsheet: https://goo.gl/6r87mF
In order to get the tokens, you must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days.
The final spreadsheet stating all the tokens earned by each partner will be
available within 10 days after the ICO
You will have your tokens in the Investors Personal Account (will be ready
soon), thats why we need your personal e-mail. You will be able to transfer the
tokens from there to your personal wallet.
Thank you for being with us! You can monitor the statistics here:
http://goo.gl/6r87mF
If you have any questions, join our Telegram: https://t.me/finshicapital

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

>>>> 02 Twitter Bounty <<<<
20% of the tokens will be allocated to Twitter (120000 - 390000 tokens)
https://twitter.com/FinshiCapital
Terms and conditions
1. You must have at least 300 followers and make privacy settings open for your
page.
2. If you have more than 3000 friends, you will get +30%
3. If you have more than 4999 , you will get +100%
4. Register your participation by following this link: https://goo.gl/BQuzWN
5. Follow and like our official Twitter https://twitter.com/FinshiCapital
6. Hit the like button on every twit.
7. Share at least 3 twits from the page per week (no more than 1 per day)
8. Post at least one twit a week about FinShi Capital on your page. It must be
written with your own words, in your native language, and must contain the link
@FinshiCapital with hashtags #finshi #finshicapital #venturefund #ethereum
#token
9. Multiple accounts registration is not allowed. One person = one account. All
the related accounts will be deleted.
Dates
Once a week our bounty-manager will be checking and renewing your status in
the spreadsheet https://goo.gl/nRrnST
You can join the Bounty Campaign at any time. Though the sooner you do it, the
more
tokens
you
will
get.
You must start right away after the registration (just make sure your e-mail is in
the spreadsheet). Dont wait for any other confirmation!
You must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days
Additional information
The list of participants is being checked and updated once a week.The
spreadsheet: https://goo.gl/nRrnST
In order to get the tokens, you must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days.
The final spreadsheet stating all the tokens earned by each partner will be
available within 10 days after the ICO
You will have your tokens in the Investors Personal Account (will be ready
soon), thats why we need your personal e-mail. You will be able to transfer the
tokens from there to your personal wallet.
Thank you for being with us! You can monitor the statistics here:
https://goo.gl/nRrnST
If you have any questions, join our Telegram: https://t.me/finshicapital

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

>>>> 03.1 Telegram (reposts only) BOUNTY <<<<
2% of the tokens will be allocated to Telegram reposts (12000 - 39000 )
RUS: https://t.me/finshi_rus
ENG: https://t.me/finshi_rus1
Terms and conditions
1. Your avatar image and nickname must be appropriate.
2. Register your participation by following this link: https://goo.gl/aj9pX6
3.
Join
our
Telegram
in
English
(https://t.me/finshicapital1 and https://t.me/finshicapital )
or
Russian
(https://t.me/finshi_rus and https://t.me/finshi_rus1 )
4. Forward posts from our Telegram-Channel to another channels (500+ users,
theme: business, investments, finance, crypto, blockchain) at least 3 tweets per
week.
5. Multiple accounts registration is not allowed, all related accounts will be
deleted.
Dates
Once a week our bounty-manager will be checking and renewing your status in
the spreadsheet https://goo.gl/dKZosc
You can join the Bounty Campaign at any time. Though the sooner you do it, the
more
tokens
you
will
get.
You must start right away after the registration (just make sure your e-mail is in
the spreadsheet). Dont wait for any other confirmation!
You must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days
Additional information
The list of participants is being checked and updated once a week.The
spreadsheet: https://goo.gl/dKZosc
In order to get the tokens, you must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days.
The final spreadsheet stating all the tokens earned by each partner will be
available within 10 days after the ICO
You will have your tokens in the Investors Personal Account (will be ready
soon), thats why we need your personal e-mail. You will be able to transfer the
tokens from there to your personal wallet.
Thank you for being with us! You can monitor the statistics here:
https://goo.gl/dKZosc
If you have any questions, join our Telegram: https://t.me/finshicapital

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

>>>> 03.2 Telegram (Posts) <<<<
3% of the tokens will be allocated to Telegram-posts in your own groups and
channels (18000 - 54000 tokens)
RUS: https://t.me/finshi_rus
ENG: https://t.me/finshi_rus1
Terms and conditions
1. Your channel or group must have at least 500 subscribers. Allowed themes:
business \ finance \ blockchain \ investments \ startups \ cryptocurrencies
2. Register your participation by following this link: https://goo.gl/aj9pX6
3.
Join
our
Telegram
in
English
(https://t.me/finshicapital1 and https://t.me/finshicapital )
or
Russian
(https://t.me/finshi_rus and https://t.me/finshi_rus1 )
4. Forward posts from our Telegram-Channel to your own channel\group at
least 3 times per week (1 post per day).
5. Multiple accounts registration is allowed! A single user can have several
channels/groups.
Dates
Once a week our bounty-manager will be checking and renewing your status in
the spreadsheet https://goo.gl/dKZosc
You can join the Bounty Campaign at any time. Though the sooner you do it, the
more
tokens
you
will
get.
You must start right away after the registration (just make sure your e-mail is in
the spreadsheet). Dont wait for any other confirmation!
You must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days
Additional information
The list of participants is being checked and updated once a week.The
spreadsheet: https://goo.gl/dKZosc
In order to get the tokens, you must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days.
The final spreadsheet stating all the tokens earned by each partner will be
available within 10 days after the ICO
You will have your tokens in the Investors Personal Account (will be ready
soon), thats why we need your personal e-mail. You will be able to transfer the
tokens from there to your personal wallet.
Thank you for being with us! You can monitor the statistics here:
https://goo.gl/dKZosc
If you have any questions, join our Telegram: https://t.me/finshicapital

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

>>>> 04.1 BitcoinTalk (signature) BOUNTY <<<<
15% of the tokens will be allocated to BitCoinTalk signatures (90000 - 270000
tokens)
RUS: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1968882
ENG: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1968914
Terms and conditions
1. You must have at least a Jr.Member rank.
2. If you have Sr. Member/Full Member rank, you will get +30%
3. If you have Hero/Legendary rank, you will get +150%
4. Register your participation by following this link: https://goo.gl/9gWMme
5. Choose BBC-code and avatar (if you wish)available on the forum.
6. Write at least 30 posts about the funds ICO (without spam!)
7. Participants with negative Trust score profiles are not allowed to take part in
the Bounty Campaign.
8. Multiple accounts registration is not allowed, all related accounts will be
deleted.
Dates
Once a week our bounty-manager will be checking and renewing your status in
the spreadsheet https://goo.gl/MurvqM
You can join the Bounty Campaign at any time. Though the sooner you do it, the
more
tokens
you
will
get.
You must start right away after the registration (just make sure your e-mail is in
the spreadsheet). Dont wait for any other confirmation!
You must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days
Additional information
The list of participants is being checked and updated once a week. The
spreadsheet: https://goo.gl/MurvqM
In order to get the tokens, you must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days.
The final spreadsheet stating all the tokens earned by each partner will be
available within 10 days after the ICO
You will have your tokens in the Investors Personal Account (will be ready
soon), thats why we need your personal e-mail. You will be able to transfer the
tokens from there to your personal wallet.
Thank you for being with us! You can monitor the statistics here:
https://goo.gl/MurvqM
If you have any questions, join our Telegram: https://t.me/finshicapital

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

>>>> 04.2 BitcoinTalk (posts) BOUNTY <<<<
15% of the tokens will be allocated to BitCoinTalk posts (90000 - 270000 tokens)
RUS: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1968882
ENG: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1968914
Terms and conditions
1. You must have at least a Full Member rank.
2. Register your participation by following this link: https://goo.gl/9gWMme
3. Write at least 40 posts about the funds ICO (without spam!)
*If you participate in our bounty campaign with our signature in your profile on
the forum, you have to post 30 messages in any forums threads in total and 10
messages in the topics about our funds ICO
4. You can publish posts both in Russian
( https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1968882 ) and English
( https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1968914 )forum threads (depending
on the language you speak)
5. Participants with negative Trust score profiles are not allowed to take part in
the Bounty Campaign.
6. Multiple accounts registration is not allowed, all related accounts will be
deleted.
Dates
Once a week our bounty-manager will be checking and renewing your status in
the spreadsheet https://goo.gl/MurvqM
You can join the Bounty Campaign at any time. Though the sooner you do it, the
more
tokens
you
will
get.
You must start right away after the registration (just make sure your e-mail is in
the spreadsheet). Dont wait for any other confirmation!
You must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days
Additional information
The list of participants is being checked and updated once a week. The
spreadsheet: https://goo.gl/MurvqM
In order to get the tokens, you must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days.
The final spreadsheet stating all the tokens earned by each partner will be
available within 10 days after the ICO
You will have your tokens in the Investors Personal Account (will be ready
soon), thats why we need your personal e-mail. You will be able to transfer the
tokens from there to your personal wallet.
Thank you for being with us! You can monitor the statistics here:
https://goo.gl/MurvqM
If you have any questions, join our Telegram: https://t.me/finshicapital

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

>>>> Youtube Bounty<<<<
5% of the tokens will be allocated to Youtube (30000 - 90000 tokens)
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7Sl55S2w7zTNNOy15PUk0w
Terms and conditions
1. Your channel must have at least 500 subscribers. Allowed themes: business \
finance \ blockchain \ investments \ startups \ cryptocurrencies.
2. One of your last videos must have no less than 4000 views.
3. Register your participation by following this link: https://goo.gl/YP471L
4. Subscribe to our Youtube-channel
( https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7Sl55S2w7zTNNOy15PUk0w )
5. You need to mention\review the funds ICO in three videos (each no less than
1-minute-long) by the end of the crowdsale. You also need to write our website
in each videos description: http://finshi.capital
6. If you make a separate video review of our fund only (which lasts more than
3 minutes), you will get +100%
7. If your video has 30000 views, you will get +150%.
Dates
Once a week our bounty-manager will be checking and renewing your status in
the spreadsheet https://goo.gl/LoMc5M
You can join the Bounty Campaign at any time. Though the sooner you do it, the
more
tokens
you
will
get.
You must start right away after the registration (just make sure your e-mail is in
the spreadsheet). Dont wait for any other confirmation!
You must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days
Additional information
The list of participants is being checked and updated once a week. The
spreadsheet: https://goo.gl/LoMc5M
In order to get the tokens, you must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days.
The final spreadsheet stating all the tokens earned by each partner will be
available within 10 days after the ICO
You will have your tokens in the Investors Personal Account (will be ready
soon), thats why we need your personal e-mail. You will be able to transfer the
tokens from there to your personal wallet.
Thank you for being with us! You can monitor the statistics here:
https://goo.gl/LoMc5M
If you have any questions, join our Telegram: https://t.me/finshicapital

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

>>>> 06 Instagram Bounty<<<<
5% of the tokens will be allocated to Instagram (30000 - 90000 tokens)
https://www.instagram.com/finshi_capital/
Terms and conditions
1. Your account should have at least 500 subscribers.
2. If you have 5000+ subscribers, you will get +100%.
3. Register your participation by following this link: https://goo.gl/VTdywW
4. Subscribe to our Instagram ( https://www.instagram.com/finshi_capital/ )
and hit the like button under every photo.
5. Repost from our Instagram at least 3 photos per week with tags #finshicapital
#crowdsale #tokensale #blockchain #bitcoin https://goo.gl/YjALSL
Dates
Once a week our bounty-manager will be checking and renewing your status in
the spreadsheet https://goo.gl/YjALSL
You can join the Bounty Campaign at any time. Though the sooner you do it, the
more
tokens
you
will
get.
You must start right away after the registration (just make sure your e-mail is in
the spreadsheet). Dont wait for any other confirmation!
You must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days
Additional information
The list of participants is being checked and updated once a week. The
spreadsheet: https://goo.gl/YjALSL
In order to get the tokens, you must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days.
The final spreadsheet stating all the tokens earned by each partner will be
available within 10 days after the ICO
You will have your tokens in the Investors Personal Account (will be ready
soon), thats why we need your personal e-mail. You will be able to transfer the
tokens from there to your personal wallet.
Thank you for being with us! You can monitor the statistics here:
https://goo.gl/YjALSL
If you have any questions, join our Telegram: https://t.me/finshicapital

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

>>>> 07 Blogs Bounty <<<<
10% of the tokens will be allocated to Blogs (60000 - 180000 tokens)
Terms and conditions
1. If you have an interesting blog on Slack, Medium, LJ, Golos or else, and you
are good at reviewing projects, then we will be happy to have you as a partner.
You must publish an article about FinShi Capital in your blog and advertise the
project in all the ways you can, and in return we guarantee you a nice reward
within our bounty program.
2. Register your participation by following this link and we will contact you
ASAP: https://goo.gl/shujoJ
Dates
Once a week our bounty-manager will be checking and renewing your status in
the spreadsheet https://goo.gl/PYTw5Q
You can join the Bounty Campaign at any time. Though the sooner you do it, the
more
tokens
you
will
get.
You must start right away after the registration (just make sure your e-mail is in
the spreadsheet). Dont wait for any other confirmation!
You must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days
Additional information
The list of participants is being checked and updated once a week. The
spreadsheet: https://goo.gl/PYTw5Q
In order to get the tokens, you must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days.
The final spreadsheet stating all the tokens earned by each partner will be
available within 10 days after the ICO
You will have your tokens in the Investors Personal Account (will be ready
soon), thats why we need your personal e-mail. You will be able to transfer the
tokens from there to your personal wallet.
Thank you for being with us! You can monitor the statistics here:
https://goo.gl/PYTw5Q
If you have any questions, join our Telegram: https://t.me/finshicapital

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

>>>> 09 Translations Bounty <<<<
2% of the tokens will be allocated to translations of the website, WP and social
networking pages (12000 - 36000 tokens)
Terms and conditions
1. The target language must be native to you.
2. Your English language level must be at least Upper-Intermediate.
3. If there are several translators to one language, we will choose 1 to our liking.
We are planning to have maximum 12 translations.
4. You will have to translate our whitepaper, bitcointalk, social networking
websites.
5 Register your participation by following this link and we will contact you
ASAP: https://goo.gl/daU4aR
Dates
Once a week our bounty-manager will be checking and renewing your status in
the spreadsheet https://goo.gl/E3NMJP
You can join the Bounty Campaign at any time. Though the sooner you do it, the
more
tokens
you
will
get.
You must start right away after the registration (just make sure your e-mail is in
the spreadsheet). Dont wait for any other confirmation!
You must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days
Additional information
The list of participants is being checked and updated once a week. The
spreadsheet: https://goo.gl/E3NMJP
In order to get the tokens, you must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days.
The final spreadsheet stating all the tokens earned by each partner will be
available within 10 days after the ICO
You will have your tokens in the Investors Personal Account (will be ready
soon), thats why we need your personal e-mail. You will be able to transfer the
tokens from there to your personal wallet.
Thank you for being with us! You can monitor the statistics here:
https://goo.gl/E3NMJP
If you have any questions, join our Telegram: https://t.me/finshicapital

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Terms and definitions of the ICO
1. FinShi Capital will issue FINS tokens, which will be distributed only
during the ICO. There wont be additional distribution.
2. Any unprofessional investor will be able to buy tokens during the ICO.
3. Pre-ICO finished in July, 2017.
4. ICO starts September 6, 2017, and will last until the maximum goal of
$50 000 000 is reached, or until the end of the ICO period (1 month).
5. After the ICO, all of the funds tokens will be available for sale on most
of the popular cryptocurrency exchanges.
6. FinShi Capital takes on the obligation of buying back the tokens through
the funds profits, thus implementing dividend policy. Once the fund
announces an exit from a portfolio company, there will be created a
queue of investors who applied for selling their tokens back to the fund.
The amount of tokens for buy-back will be announced together with the
exit date.
7. The fund will buy out the tokens within one month after the exit from a
startup. After that the tokens will be destroyed.

Technical aspects
1. Ethereum smart contract (on the pre-ICO):
https://etherscan.io/address/0xd31daB61fb8b9b5942067FdF46260ff97
6362a57#code
2. FinShi Capitals partner in technical organization of the ICO: OrderBook.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Financial model
The funds financial model is made on a pessimistic prediction and has 2
variants depending on the amount of money raised.
Before making a decision about investing in the fund, please make sure you
have read and acknowledged all of the possible risks, determined in this
document. We do not guarantee that we will get these kind of profits!
- if the fund raises equivalent of 30 million dollars in cryptocurrency, the
funds income will be 1580% in two years (x10,1), and the investors income
will be 809%.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

- if the fund raises equivalent of 50 million dollars in cryptocurrency, the
funds income will be 1300% in two years (x10,4), and the investors income
will be 832%.

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Token's cost (pessimistic projections)
Event

Date

1 pre-ICO

JUN, 17

USD

ETH

BTC

0,7

0,0028

0,00028

% growth

Ex. 2BTC
-

2 ICO

SEPT,2017

1

0,004

0,0004

143%

2

3 Start of exchange biddings

OCT, 2017

1,5

0,006

0,0006

150%

3

4 Buying startups for portfolio

4qtr. 2017

5

0,02

0,002

500%

10

5 Buying startups for portfolio

1qtr. 2018

8,1

0,0324

0,00324

810%

16,2

6 Buying\selling startups

2qtr. 2018

9,5

0,038

0,0038

950%

19

7 Buying\selling startups

3qtr. 2018

10

0,04

0,004

1000%

20

8 Buying\selling startups

4qtr. 2018

10,5

0,042

0,0042

1050%

21

9 Buying\selling startups

1qtr. 2019

12,4

0,0496

0,00496

1240%

24,8

2qtr. 2019

15,25

0,061

0,0061

1525%

30,5

10 The funds full profitable realization

As you can see in our Whitepaper we are an experienced team of venture
investors, who will successfully launch ICO and will do their best to make sure
of having the expected profits. You can earn money as a shareholder on the
funds dividends, or you can just sell the tokens on exchanges.
Take part in our ICO and make money together with us! Submit your e-mail on
our website http://finshi.capital and become our partner!

If you have any questions, contact us via:
E-mail: welcome@finshi.capital
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/finshi.capital

www.finshi.capital Blockchain venture fund

Whitepaper v 2.2

Internet of Coins
Hybrid Assets for Peer-to-Peer Intersystemic Value Transfer
version: 1.0, date: 15.12.2014, author: Joachim de Koning

Abstract
A meta-protocol and blockchain integration solution for transacting value across different
digital currency systems would allow for multiple decentralized financial platforms to exchange value and thus form a coherent cryptosphere, without needing intermediary financial
institutions. Third party services currently assist users to exchange one form of digital cash
or asset for another, but a trusted third party is still required to mediate these transactions.
We propose a solution to the problem of isolated digital currency systems using a meta-level
transfer protocol with an extendable design, making accessible any kind of blockchain-based
economy or other digital cash system for cross-blockchain and inter-system transactions.
A dynamic proof-of-allocation mechanism provides verification of solvency to any of the
transferable assets on such a high-level platform, and makes it possible for anonymous allocation providers to earn rewards to be part of an autonomous, decentralized exchange
system. Simultaneously, any network participant may act as an agent for the realization
of an encrypted exchange of value between two peers. Information is transacted across the
blockchains or digicash systems of the respective value-holders being traded, while node connections are directly negotiated without retaining or storing any records. As with Bitcoin,
the network itself requires minimal structure, and messages are broadcast on a best effort
basis. Swarm cryptography and multiple peer connections employ failover restructuring of
transactions and messaging, and nodes can leave and rejoin the network at will, updating
their allocation tables from any random node.

1

1

Introduction

Since the inception of Bitcoin, we have seen the rise of many digital cash descendants that either
imitate or replicate the peer-to-peer version of electronic cash that Bitcoin was designed to be.
Besides blockchain technology, decentralized asset exchanges[1] have been built to facilitate
the issuing of virtual assets. Ledgerless[2] systems have also been in development, even before
Bitcoin. While the existing solutions may function as intended, exchanges in value between
these systems and blockchains is most often mediated through trusted third parties. This reintroduces the inherent weaknesses of the traditional trust based financial models into the realm
of peer-to-peer digital currencies. In many cases this is no direct threat to the usage and trade
of these currencies. Yet at the same time the different implementations of digital cash remain
isolated from eachother, other than their exchange value being calculated relative to the Bitcoin
on centralized orderbooks. This exposes these currencies to price manipulation strategies that
have the potential to drain value from these markets[3].
What is needed is a hybrid asset and transfer system utilizing a modular and standardized
peer-to-peer platform to replace the trust model. A loosely coupled system[4] allowing any
two willing parties to transact assets cross-blockchain with each other, without the need for a
trusted third party. Transaction methods that have no systemic boundaries and can operate
cross-blockchain and intersystemic, and may thus tie different value systems together. Through
hybrid assets, loosely coupled financial systems create a cryptosphere that is immune to MITM
(man-in-the-middle) intermediary control by trusted parties and stabilizes crypto-economies by
enabling the value of smaller markets to be transferred into hybrid assets in the event of network
destabilization. In this paper, we propose a solution to the digital economy diaspora using a
peer-to-peer, distributed, inter-systemic and inter-blockchain exchange server to mediate the
transfer of value between digital currency systems.

2

Inter-Blockchain Transactions

We define a hybrid asset as a blockchain-agnostic set of tokens[5] allocated on multiple digital
value exchanges or multiple blockchains. The asset may gain a form of inherent value if its
issuer decides to prove the assets contextual value by either proof-of-burn[6] or proof-of-stake[7].
Asset holders on the hybrid network have either issued the asset themselves, or have obtained
it on a decentralized asset exchange. Our proposed network daemon (hybridd) glues cryptoassets and coins together by passing around datasets or tables - utilizing a FIFO (first-infirst-out) blockstream for sharing and verifying data - that contain identification information
about each invidual blockchain-based asset, and rulesets that govern their relationship to form
a hybrid asset. This allows for the creation of assets that have the flexibility to pass their
value from blockchain to blockchain, or system to system. An owner may transfer an asset to
another blockchain by cryptographically proposing a transaction to which any other peer on the
hybridd network may respond. To make these kinds of transactions possible, an allocator node
on the network must have allocated a certain amount of assets or coins to be used for interblockchain transactions. Information about allocators that hold such amounts is shared through
the network, and constitutes a dynamic POA (proof-of-allocation) table for each network node.
Communication between exchanging peers goes through an anonymous swarm of nodes that
act as an escrow for the network. The nodes in this group use Haystackcryptography to ensure
impartial activity as a swarm or hive. Explained in simple terms haystack works as follows.
Both the allocator of a transaction (Alice) and the initiator (Bob) receive public addresses
from a swarm escrow (we will call this group Cipher). Cipher makes available a multitude of
public keys created by each individual member of the swarm. These keys form multisignature
2

transaction keys[8] when combined. For a more detailed description of this mechanism, see
section 10.
Swarm
Alice

Peer

Peer

Peer

Peer

Public Key
Private Key

1

Send pub keys to Alice

2

Alice combines private keys to create deposit address.

3

Alice sends funds to [this] address

4

Swarm confirms transaction.

Public Key

Bob

Private Key
5

Swarm sends private keys to Bob.

6

Bob combines private keys to create access key.

Public Key
This schema shows an
example of an escrowed 1way transaction.

Private Key

Public Key
Private Key

SWARM actions are cloned over secondary and tertiary
groups to ensure fallback in case of node failure

3

Meta Server

To be able to integrate technically incompatible value models and peer-to-peer blockchains,
we must take the approach of creating a peer-to-peer meta server that loosely couples current digital value systems on a high level, and makes trusted third parties unnecessary. This
meta-structure should provide hooks to which abstract concepts of digital value systems and
blockchain technologies can be connected and integrated. Modular and open extensions facilitate the implementation of different kinds of hybrid value systems in pluggable modules to unify
the overlapping functionalities of different blockchains and ledgerless systems.
The meta-server networking daemon (hybridd) must use a concise and practical encrypted
communications protocol and functions modularly on top of existing anonymous routing networks such as, for example, TOR[9], I2P[10], or GNUnet[11], using their networks as a transport.
This makes it more difficult to trivially identify individual node IP addresses, and makes NAT
and firewall traversal easier. Peer IDs and their public keys are shared among peers as data in
a distributed hash table[12]. Each PeerID is subject to a lease, and the entries of the peertable
are intermittently verified by the participants in the network and timestamped.

3

hybridd

hybridd

hybridd

hybridd

TOR / I2P

hybridd meta server
CounterParty
BTC

4

XCP

Assets

NXT AE
NXT

Assets

Ethereum
MST

Assets

Invictus
PTS

Coin X

DAC's

Proof-of-Allocation

To make sure peers are able to determine the viability of a transaction before initiating one,
we will need to use a proof-of-allocation (POA) table. To ensure the information in this table
is correct, peers perform ledger auditing and verification when they have compatible active
modules to access the blockchain or system on which the allocated amount is recorded. The
POA table can be interpreted by individual nodes to ensure which transaction combinations
are possible and viable, and which peers are eligible for transaction.

In the example you will notice there are four addresses holding the asset STORMWIND ,
according to the POA table. Each node with access to NXT-AE (NXT) and CounterParty
(XCP) blockchains is able to verify the allocated amount of assets specified in the table. By
combining the information from a local database, a node can deduct that in this example the
4

asset STORMWIND has an allocation of 96,425 on the NXT blockchain and 49,500 on the XCP
blockchain. The total proof-of-allocation amount would in this case be simply 145,925 units.

XCP
5

NXT

Network

The meta-server can theoretically bootstrap the network over any existing darknet. As previously mentioned, we will use TOR as our example. The bootstrapping process would be as
follows:
1. New nodes consult their latest PeerID table to connect to 8 other peers
2. Each node contacts the oldest peers of its PeerID table to determine their status
3. Each node verifies the POA table where possible using its extensions for connecting to
other blockchains
4. When a node mediates as an escrow, it verifies the transacting peers, mediates the transaction and updates the POA table
5. Each node updates its peers with its latest PeerID and POA tables
6. Nodes accept other PeerID and POA tables, verify and merge them with their own
7. Tables are sorted and pruned and only diffs of the data are shared with other peers
Essentially the meta server provides an access and control communications layer on top of
existing blockchains, or light-clients. This means hybridd can be run on full blockchains or
connect to APIs for value transfer. Whatever the user prefers and has resources for. In the
case of enough storage space, access to blockchains would be preferred. The following figure
shows an example layout of how hybridd could be bootstrapped into the networks.
As the figure implies, the possibilities for inter-blockchain transactions opens a plethora of
decentralized trading options and asset combinations. Competitive crypto-platforms become
cooperative economic ecosystems in which users and communities have freedom to innovate
indiscriminately. Large changes to individual blockchains or RPC APIs can be adapted to by
the hybridd network simply by rewriting one of its extensions, whether concerning high-level
transacting or low-level atomic cryptography. Smaller, declining cryptocurrencies can be bound
together in hybrid assets giving survivability and exchange flexibility to these coins.
5

6

Incentive

In a transaction we have an initiator and a responder. Responders, more aptly called allocators,
are network participants and asset holders who have allocated their assets for trading. Mining
Bitcoin has seen an incredibly fast-paced erosion of profitability[13] in 2014. Also the mining
of other cryptocurrencies is currently yielding declining profits over time. This poses a threat
to the existance of these cryptocurrencies, as long as the incentive to add hashing power or be
a node in the network continually diminishes. To encourage network participation in cryptoeconomies, we may need to find other incentive models next to mining for people to run their
own wallet clients. Proof-of-stake is one such incentive model. We cannot pretend this solves
the problem in its entirety, however, and we must take heed to continue working on proper
solutions to this problem. Alternatively, in the hybridd network participating as an allocator
yields rewards.
When initator Alice starts a transaction, the amount of assets she receives from allocator
Bob will always be a little less than the amount she sends. In this way the allocator has an
incentive to support the liquidity of the market and survivability of the network. The ratio
for conversion is yet to be defined, but for now defaults to: 1N : 0.999N . The allocator
retains a small amount, and thus is rewarded for providing Alice with an instant migration
of her assets between systems. The costs of conversion are default very low: between 0.1%
and 0.2%, or the lowest possible denomination of value in a specific asset. Costs of conversion,
however, can also be set to another amount by the network, to define an autonomously organized
context for optimal liquidity. This should make large transactions relatively inexpensive, while
microtransactions are also decentrally regulated to avoid abuse on the network.
The more allocators appear on the network, the more competition they have amongst eachother to be chosen for a transaction, lowering the incentive for popular coins, while at the
same time attracting allocators to abandoned blockchains. This balances out the amount of
allocators between systems, yet still brings in enough responders to keep the network active as
a whole and its assets liquid. Perhaps, for instance, an allocator may be able to provide services
for some blockchains, but not for others. If there are a great amount of allocators for the Bitcoin
blockchain, but only a few for NXT, the Bitcoin allocators will relatively be less rewarded and
the NXT allocators more rewarded for their services over time. This balances out the incentive
towards individual services, and their supply and demand for individual blockchains.

7

Unified Asset Descriptor

Information about hybrid assets is passed around the network in signed arrays called unifiedasset-descriptors (UAD). They contain the combined asset IDs, minimum and maximum cost of
conversion, bcrypt sums thereof, further descriptive information, and are signed by the creator
of the hybrid asset. This makes it possible for individual nodes to verify that an asset cannot
be hijacked by anyone other than the issuer. Based on the existence of a signed unified asset
descriptor, the lease of a PeerID in the shared table is periodically renewed.
Certain aspects of a UAD can be changed, while other things cannot. Linked assets may
not be removed from a UAD once added for over 48 hours to protect the stakeholders of a
hybrid asset. Adding new assets to become part of the hybrid, however, is not prohibited. This
makes it possible for a hybrid asset to evolve and become part of more blockchains at a point
in time beyond its inception. The description of a hybrid asset may also be changed to reflect
intelligible updates to the assets constitution.
Changes to an asset are temporarily recorded and buffered in a FIFO blockstream with
reserved active data space and at least several historic revisions. This gives possibilities to
6

revert the asset changes to previous states if necessary. Again, decoupling an internal asset
from the UAD is only possible within 48 hours of committing the change. A small blockstream
keeps the meta-server light enough for anyone with several gigabytes of diskspace to make use of
it. Downloading multiple blockchains on one computer may be more than enough of a challenge
for an average user. Lets not make the pain any worse.

8

Cross-Blockchain Distributed Autonomous Organizations

Many crypto-asset and cryptocurrency teams claim to have a working platform for distributed
autonomous organizations (DAO), however, the most flexible and powerful platforms for this
seem currently (2014.12.09) to be Ethereum, Counterparty and NXT. Many other platforms
rely on rudimentary scripting to give a minimal service level of distributed autonomy.
In itself hybridd contains no platform for DAO operations. Instead we want to facilitate
the efforts that are already available to us on other blockchain platforms. Considering another
option would be to create an Ethereum extension to tap into the distributed power of its DAO
platform. An Ethereum contract could then autonomously make decisions and relay the results
back into the hybrid assets blockstream to create cross-blockchain services.
Extending into DAO territory can also be done on other platforms. DAO constructs could be
combined to form inter-distributed autonomous organizations (IDAO). This, however, depends
largely on the motivations of module developers. In any case, reinventing the wheel would
be a waste of time and resources, while combining the power of both hybrid assets and any
truly IDAO enabled platform leverages the possibilities of both, and can make DAOs truly
cross-blockchain without relying on a trusted party.

9

Value and Allocation Theory

The transfer of actual blocks between blockchains is cryptographically not feasible, because
blocks blockchain generally only reference back to the blockchain itself and not an external data
source. Even if it were possible, it would be cumbersome and impractical to implement, since
cryptocurrency systems and other accounting systems are often incompatible. This means that
value cannot be transferred between blockchains and ledgerless systems effectively, except by
means of informational transfer. This mode of transfer is often seen in modern accounting, and
much of the allocation methodologies therein originally stem from the early medieval system
of Hawala[14]. We must attempt to create an allocation method that is generic enough - like
accounting and/or Hawala - to enable wide compatibility between diverse systems.
When issuing a hybrid asset we must take into account the necessary allocation overhead to
ensure the assets are liquid and transferrable to other systems and blockchains. This overhead
may have the effect of inflating the price of the asset, however, as more allocators enter the
market the opposite may also be true. Lets do a little contemplation on value and allocation
to anticipate the effects of allocation reliance and resulting behaviour of market participants in
more extreme market conditions.

7

If part of a hybrid asset becomes scarce in the market, it could theoretically become subject
to deflation on any of its host blockchains. For example: if we issue the hybrid asset APPLES
on NXT-AE, Ethereum and Counterparty, and are looking to ensure at least 30% allocation,
we need enough incentive for participants in the network to allocate such an amount. The
incentive is nominally provided by the maximum percentual cost of conversion by the asset
issuer, and  in most cases  provides enough allocators for cross-blockchain liquidity, because
of the incentive mechanism.
As long as prices on separate blockchains remain tied to common market ranges, allocations
should autonomously balance out because of the effect of demand and supply in the markets.
However, if for some reason many holders of a hybrid asset choose to exit one of the individual
host platforms and flee into another, this may create an imbalance in price for the asset between
chains. Also the mass-abandonment of a host platform by users could effectively cause the
perceived value of the asset on that specific platform to become unstable. In such extreme
circumstances allocation resources could be exhausted.
Usually allocation service providers in the hybridd network will have enough incentive to
keep on staking more allocated funds in order to return the market to balance. Perhaps some
may seek to repair the allocation shortage by trading over other exchanges; thereby taking some
risk to reap profits. Additionally, a shortage of allocators will make for increased profits among
the few that are left. These will attempt to process all transactions that now have no place to
be handled elsewhere.
Our thought experiment makes evident the hybrid assets ecosystem invites participants
to become allocators that balance our supply and demand, thereby creating a self-regulated
decentralized market.

10
10.1

Haystack Transactions
Overview

Multisignature transactions use private and public keys. These keys are correlated cryptographic numbers which can be added or multiplied. In a multisignature transaction a public
key corresponding to a private key, is simultaneously the sum of multiple public keys that are
directly correlated to multiple private keys that also form the correlating private key when
added up.
In a haystack transaction the public keys generated by the swarm are sent around to all
members of the swarm, and also to Alice and Bob. Every transaction participant collects these
multisignature keys and combines them to form escrow addresses to which Alice and Bob are to
send their funds. As soon as the transactions are done the funds of Alice and Bob will be stored
8

on public keys to which no party has access. Each individual in the swarm has only part of the
entire private key combination, and Alice and Bob neither have a way of knowing the private
key they need to redeem these funds. Their value is effectively locked on the network, until the
swarm decides to release the corresponding private keys by way of a decentralized consensus
mechanism. This only happens after the swarm has verified and confirmed the transactions
of Alice and Bob on the blockchain, and releases corresponding private multisignature keys to
Alice and Bob to enable them to redeem the value they are entitled to.

Further research is being done into the security of this method of exchange. Currently the
approach proves to be pragmatic, due to the fact that the private keys needed by Alice and
Bob can be released to them only after the confirmation of their transactions. Yet at the same
time they cannot be used by the escrow swarm (Cipher) to influence the transaction itself. In
case of a defector or saboteur node within the swarm there exists a deduplication method to
make sure any individual peer cannot hold a private key hostage and thus effectively burn the
escrowed funds. In that case another member of the swarm can release enough information to
recreate a missing private key. This information cannot be used, however, to recreate the entire
multisignature key by one individual member of the swarm alone.
The anonymous third party has no influence on the value of the exchange being done between
the two exchanging parties, except for verifying, and releasing the transactions of both peers.
In case of failure (a node member of Cipher drops offline) or a timeout, both Alice and Bob
receive any necessary keys from failover peers, as the swarm employs deduplication to ensure
the haystack transaction can be completed.

11

Guarantor Transactions

Some platforms may never support multisignature transactions. Take for instance some of the
dying cryptocurrencies that have recently considerably dropped in value and hashingpower.
Swapping value between these systems would seem impossible without using a trusted third
party. However, by using a guarantor transaction we can make impossible for allocator Alice to
cheat on a transaction without being punished for it by the swarm. This type of transaction is
also referred to as a moderated non-multisignature block-chain transaction.
To solve the dilemma of not having multisignature transactions at our disposal, we make
use of a guarantor transaction method to give both transacting parties enough incentive to play
out a transaction fairly. Before such a transaction can take place, the allocator is summoned by
the swarm to place a deposit on a separate, multisignature capable block-chain. This deposit
9

is more valuable than the amount being transacted, and the swarm holds it in escrow until the
transaction on the other blockchains is finished. On success, the deposit is sent back to the
allocator. In the event of foul play, the private key to this amount is sent to the wronged party.
This would cause the allocator more loss than gain, and gives a strong incentive to play fair.
This transaction method should only be used as a fallback, since it can certainly be more
easily exploited than a multisignature transaction. As blockchains always have some delay
before payments are confirmed, Cipher can monitor to see if both parties have sent funds to
eachother. The slowest blockchain determines when both transactions have been broadcast into
the networks. The guarantor transaction method will make it undesirable for the allocator to
sabotage transaction, and gives a form of insurance to the initiating client, but we deem it an
inferior method compared to a multisignature haystack transaction.
Notation for this work is to be expanded upon.

12

Conclusion

We have proposed a decentralized network transaction system for hybrid assets and decentralized
transactions without relying on trusted third parties. Initially we defined decentralized assets,
and described the threat of isolated cryptocurrencies and blockchains, with only centralized
actors for exchanging value between these systems. To solve this, we proposed a peer-to-peer
network operating over darknets to enable users to transact value across blockchains and value
systems.
By using multisignature transactions as a cryptographically secure method, advanced cryptography technology can be used for secure cross-blockchain transactions. In case of value
systems without multisignature support, we have the possibility to fall back to transactions
using the haystack transaction method. The network is self-balancing, anonymized and robust,
using threshold cryptography for swarm escrow functionality. Nodes share information about
hybrid assets across the network. Nodes can leave and rejoin the network at will, sharing proofof-allocation tables containing data about the allocations and capabilities of each individual
node. Value allocation and transactions are automatically managed by the allocating nodes,
hybrid assets have a one-on-one inter-blockchain value definition, and prices for transacting
value, supply and demand are decentrally market driven.

10

13

References

References
[1] Counterparty http://www.devtome.com/doku.php?id=counterparty.
[2] Opentransactions
2014.

http://opentransactions.org/wiki/index.php?title=About,

[3] Only Bitcoin will Survive http://www.panture.com/only-bitcoin-will-survive/,
2014.
[4] How EDA Extends SOA and Why It Is Important http://soa-eda.blogspot.nl/2006/
11/how-eda-extends-soa-and-why-it-is.html, 2006.
[5] What
Are
ColoredCoins?
what-are-coloredcoins/.

http://coloredcoins.org/about/

[6] Proof of Burn. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Proof_of_burn.
[7] What Proof of Stake Is and Why It Matters http://bitcoinmagazine.com/6528/, 2013.
[8] Multisig:
The Future of
multisig-future-bitcoin, 2014.

Bitcoin

http://bitcoinmagazine.com/11108/

[9] TOR Project: Anonymity Online https://www.torproject.org/.
[10] The Invisible Internet Project https://geti2p.net/en/.
[11] GNUs Framework for Secure and Peer-to-Peer Networking https://gnunet.org/.
[12] Distributed Hash Table https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distributed_hash_table.
[13] On the Longest Chain Rule and Programmed Self-Destruction of Crypto Currencies
http://arxiv.org/abs/1405.0534, 2014.
[14] Informal Funds Transfer Systems: An Analysis of the Hawala System http://www.
johnfwilson.net/resources/Hawala+Occasional+Paper+_3.24.03_.pdf, 2003.

11

Synergy of Advanced Financial and Industrial Technologies:
First Investment Blockchain Option
ZrCoin

Abstract
ZrCoin [1] is the worlds first investment-grade blockchain product. It is a
derivative that leverages both cutting-edge financial and industrial technologies
to manufacture and sell a highly in-demand product, synthetic zirconium dioxide
(Synth. Zr2), which is traded on the global market of refractories.
Synth. Zr2 has higher quality and superior physical and chemical properties than
its non-synthetic analogue, with greater purity (66% to 75%), and 2.5-3 times
greater durability, stability and persistence.
The manufacturing process employs unique and cutting-edge technologies in the
use of wastes and the resulting parameters of synthetic zirconium. It is also
completely environmentally friendly.
Decentralised direct investments in the Project will be made by purchasing ZrCoin
options. Their decentralisation should ensure the Projects independence from
government-run companies and other large corporations.
The Project is designed to fit the ideology of a national initiative entitled Clean
Country.
The ZrCoin financial instrument will be launched on the Waves blockchain
platform [2].

Contents
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.

Definitions
Introduction  Project overview
Introduction  Green Manufacture and Economy
Project Summary  Commercial Aspects of the Project
Project Summary  Environmental Aspects of the Project
Project Summary  ZrCoin Team
Conclusion
References

Definitions
Underlying asset means an asset on which the financial derivative (option) is
based. In our case this is the product, i.e. Synth. Zr2, and the derivative ZrCoin.
Synthetic zirconium dioxide or Synth. Zr2 is a scarce and ultra-durable material
with high plasticity, corrosion resistance, strength, durability and stability.
Derivative or derivative financial instrument means a contract, under which the
parties are entitled and/or undertake to make certain actions in respect of the
underlying asset. The contract represents an agreement between the two parties,
whereunder they undertake or are entitled to transfer the underlying asset in the
prescribed period at the agreed price.
ZrCoin Derivative means an options contract for the sale of Synth. Zr2 as a ZrCoin
intangible asset (see below), including an option (put option) on the buy-back of
Synth. Zr2 in the prescribed period at the agreed price.
Crypto-economy means the social and economic relations of the digital society,
which are focused on interaction based on network protocols. Key elements of
the crypto-economy include: cryptographic tokens (cryptocurrencies), digital
assets, decentralised social security and crowdfunding systems, decentralised
management systems, self-executed smart contracts, commercial markets for
computing resources, online trust and reputation systems, consensus algorithms,
etc.
Option means a form of derivative, i.e. a sale and purchase contract for the
underlying asset (ZrCoin in our case), whereunder the option purchaser is entitled
to purchase the asset at the agreed price within the future period stipulated in
the contract.
Initial Coin Offering or ICO means the collection of capital with the help of cryptoinvestments in the initial stage of the Project, including the use of
cryptocurrencies. Hereafter this term is referred to as the ICO.
Clean Country means a flagship national project approved by the Presidential
Council on Strategic Development and Priority Projects, to be implemented by the

Government of the Russian Federation in the coming years (2017-2025). The
purpose of the Project is to reduce environmental damage from solid domestic
waste disposal, minimise environmental risks in respect of accumulated
environmental damage, and establish an interactive information system, which
will ensure identification and liquidation of unauthorised disposal tips according
to information provided by citizens and public organizations. Estimated (total)
budget of the Project is RUR 150-200 billion, including RUR 30 billion of extrabudgetary funds [3].

Introduction  Project overview
The ongoing transition to the new technological lifestyle implies and requires
investment into the development of its constituent technologies and
modernisation of manufacturing, as well as the reorganisation of the centralised
economy.
Further development will be characterised by a combination of these two
processes  that is, breaking the structures of the technological status quo and
building the structures of the new economy. Meanwhile, existing businesses and
financial institutions will either have to adapt to the demands of the new
technological lifestyle or become obsolete.
These events are typical for both economical and social processes. Against the
background of negative sentiment, many investors are shifting towards cryptoinvestment as an alternative field of wealth growth and preservation. For our
purposes, these refer to the projects with fast payback, moderate risk, and the
availability of professional experience and support.
The global economy has a substantial demand for zirconium dioxide with greater
than 66% purity, owing to its unique physical and chemical properties. These are
required for manufacturing processes that require a high degree of durability and
stability. This is typical for such major industries as metallurgy, glass and ceramics,
and so on.
Zirconium dioxide (lat. Zirconium) has the chemical formula ZrO2 and is a
refractory material. It also features high plasticity and corrosion resistant
properties (Claproth, 1789; Berzelius, 1829; van Arkel and de Boer, 1925 and
others).
Zirconium is a structural component of alloys used in the construction of atomic
reactors. Critical elements of chemical reactors, artificial joints and prostheses are
made of Zirconium. It is used to produce high-temperature ceramics (refractory
products) and is the refractory material with the best price-quality relationship
rating.

Refractories are used in a wide range of different areas of global industry, from
metallurgy to the nuclear industry, typically requiring the retention of physicochemical properties when heated above 1600C. Zirconium-containing
refractories are the most resistant to high-temperature impacts and can sustain
heating above 2000C. The standard base of zirconium-containing refractories is
sand with a zirconium dioxide content exceeding 65%. This is extracted from the
earth, like any other natural raw material, has a rich content of alkaline-earth
metals and requires a great deal of expensive processing before it can be used in
refractory materials.

Introduction  Green Manufacture and Economy
The salient feature of the green manufacturing process utilised by the Projects
founders is that it does not require the extraction of existing or new deposits of
zirconium. Instead, the process uses otherwise unmarketable products and
wastes.
Manufacturing technologies of the 21st century are developing rapidly and raw
materials quality should develop hand-in-hand with these. However,
manufacturers of zirconium-containing raw materials all over the world have not
made any significant technological progress for the last 20 years. This has led to
hypersaturation of the market with low-quality zirconium dioxide of natural
origin, predominantly from South Africa and Australia. This has to pass through
many purification stages to reach the standards required by modern high-quality
manufacturing.
Synthetic concentrate of zirconium dioxide. The global market of refractories
requires ever-higher quality raw materials. For this reason different
manufacturers of refractory materials have attempted to improve the quality of
their raw materials, but for the most part have failed due to the technological
complexity of the process. As a result, only a few companies in the world have
been able to establish the manufacture of synthetic refractory materials and only
two companies have been successful in the creation of synthetic concentrates of
zirconium dioxide for highly-specialised manufacturing processes of their partner
companies.
The global market of refractories therefore suffers from a huge deficit in synthetic
concentrate of widely-used zirconium dioxide, while there is more than enough
simple zirconium dioxide with 65-66% purity on the market. Unlike synthetic
zirconium dioxide the demand for zirconium dioxide of natural origins is falling,
while the demand for synthetic zirconium concentrates is tenfold higher than
available supply.
Unique technology. Our researchers have been searching for ways to extract
widely-used synthetic zirconium dioxide for more than three years. After
extensive research they have developed a technology that allows the synthesis of
zirconium dioxide concentrate, in which zircon and brazilite are entirely stable

and are not susceptible to phase transitions (increasing the chemical stability of
the generated products by 2.5-3 times), and with corundum Al2O3 present, which
increases the concentrates stability.
Synthetic concentrate of zirconium dioxide produced using our technology is a
unique product, which does not require the addition of any further chemical
components and allows for it to be used in refractory materials right away.
More than 10 of the largest enterprises using refractory materials in their
manufacturing processes have already appreciated the uniqueness and quality of
this synthetic concentrate of zirconium dioxide.

Project Summary
Commercial Aspects of the Project
The Project offers crowdfunded investments in the ZrCoin derivative (see
definition above), which is implemented as a financial instrument on the Waves
[2] blockchain platform and is backed by the industrial commodity (Synth. Zr2).
A general overview of the ZrCoin Project is shown in Picture 1.

Picture 1. Overview of ZrCoin Project
The three main stages of the Project include ICO, Manufacture and Buy-Back. The
timeline of the Project (Picture 1) in stages is as follows:
1. ICO
May June, 2017
Holding an ICO to purchase ZrCoin options with the use of USD, BTC and other
cryptocurrencies.
During the initial days of the ICO there will be a sale of options at 50% discount from
the current (basic) market price of synthetic concentrate of zirconium dioxide. The
option price will increase steadily. Note: additional information will be shown in the
investors profile on the Projects website [1].

The investment budget to construct a factory and launch the manufacturing
process for Synth. ZrO2 will use the funds collected during the ICO.
2. Manufacture
July  August, 2017: Purchase of real estate in the industrial area of
Magnitogorsk, Russia [4].
September, 2017 February, 2018: Construction of facility and production of
industrial equipment for the factory.
February, 2018: Installation and testing of industrial equipment, and launch of
new manufacturing process.
February, 2018: First sales and shipments of market-ready product (Synth. Zr2).
3. Buy-Back
March, 2018
Buy-back of ZrCoin options will be made eight months after the end of the ICO in
an amount equal to not less than $400,000 per month. Investors will be also
entitled to exchange ZrCoin for the relevant physical amount of concentrate of
synthetic zirconium dioxide (underlying asset) calculated on the basis of 1 ZrCoin
= 1 kilogram of the concentrate.
Investors will additionally be able to trade ZrCoin options for the Companys
stock, if the Company is eligible for IPO.
Main targets of crowd investment in ZrCoin commodity option:
For investors  to purchase an option with 5.5% yield (estimated average future
income per month). The purchased ZrCoin derivative will be backed by the
physical commodity, and is protected by the value of this asset of high demand
in case of currency fluctuations.
For the community  to form an ecologically sound manufacturing process (socalled green manufacture); to develop the use of a new financial instrument and
decentralise financing of manufacturing, which the world has never seen before.
Key performance indicators for construction of the factory for the ZrCoin project
are shown in Table 1:

Table 1
Performance indicators of ZrCoin Project
Indicator description
Investment outlay (RUR thousand)*
Net present value (RUR thousand)
Internal rate of return

Value
223,950.00
2,029,000.00
213%

Investment profitability index
Payback period (by DDP) from the beginning of construction

9.75
12 months

Payback period (by DP) from the beginning of construction

11 months

* See the Projects business plan for more detailed investment outlay [5].

As seen from the Table 1 all performance indicators comply with the approved
norms and the methods used.1
We aim to make the ZrCoin Project financially effective and viable for
implementation, according to the selected investment strategy and applied
technology. The following may be considered overall advantages of the
investment project:
1. Investment attractiveness of ZrCoin Project is high, as the information in
Table 1 explains.
2. The cornerstone business proposition for investment into the ZrCoin
Project rests on an innovative manufacturing process for Synth. Zr2
refractories, utilising zirconium scrap and channeling profits from
investments into the futures token of the same name.
3. High environmental standards of the ZrCoin Project and green
manufacturing processes, where wastes from glass factories, silicone
cotton factories and dumps are used as raw materials. Implementation of
the project will allow for significant reduction of accumulated
environmental damage and carbon dioxide emissions (C2).

1
The

1)

2)

following methodological documents were used to prepare a business plan:
Guidelines to assess effectiveness of investment projects (second edition, revised and amended)
(approved by the Ministry of Economics, Ministry of Finance and State Committee for Construction,
Architectural and Housing Policy of the Russian Federation No. -477 dated June 21, 1999) [6].
UNIDO methods (United Nations Industrial Development Organization) [7].

Brief description of manufacturing process
Scrap and zirconium-containing wastes from different glass-making enterprises
are the raw materials for the factory.
The investment project under review entails the construction of two installations:
First cycle  RUR 74,000,000 (seventy-four million). Dimensions: length  24m,
width  18m, height  18m (hangar-style sandwich structure metal construction)
and acceptance area: length  24m, width  18m and height  18m (hangar metal
construction). The equipment will be installed according to our custom design.
The equipment will be purchased from Ural-Omega, CJSC ()
(www.uralomega.ru).
Second cycle  RUR 45,500,000 (forty-five million five hundred thousand).
Dimensions: length  48m, width  24m, height  18m (hangar-style sandwich
structure metal construction). The equipment will be installed according to our
custom design. The equipment will be purchased from SIBMASHPOLYMER Trade
and Manufacturing Company, LLC (OOO) (www.sibmashpolymer.ru).
We intend to build the factory in the industrial area of Magnitogorsk (Agapovskiy
District), Russia [4], where a plot of land with the capacity and communications
appropriate for the Project has already been selected. The estimated purchase
price of the land plot is RUR 40,000,000 (forty million).
Implementation phases of factory building process
A Cyprus-based holding company will loan funds equal to the amount of
investment in ZrCoin options to a Russian legal entity, which will consequently
implement all construction phases of the factory. The subsequent steps of factory
construction process can be divided into the three principal stages described
above.
Online broadcasting of the factory construction process with the use of video
cameras will be arranged for investors, to maintain openness and transparency at
all phases of construction. The cameras will be in place around the construction
site and afterwards in the factory area itself.

Pricing Strategy
The main product of the factory is zirconium concentrate (powder) containing
synthetic Zr2 of not less than 66% purity, plus Hf 2.5-3%, the aggregate of earth
metals within the limit of 1.5% and synthetic Slag-Forming Mixture (SFM).
Dry enrichment methods and separation of metals are used in the manufacturing
process, which include selective grinding methods, dry magnetic and gravity
separation. The factorys products will be suitable for the manufacture of
refractory materials in the foundry and chemical industry, and in metallurgy.
The price of the products of the projected factory for production of materials
from zirconium-containing wastes will be defined according to the price of its
foreign analogues, since such materials made from wastes are not produced in
Russia. The essence of the method for price calculation is that the manufacturer
defines the current price of the imported commodity minus 20%, which allows for
a competitive price. Afterwards, he compares the price obtained by calculation to
the price of the closest analogue.
The results of the calculation of minimum price thresholds for the main products
of the factory are detailed in Table 2. As mentioned above, the closest foreignmanufactured material was taken as an analogue.
Table 2
Price thresholds for main products
Item No.

Product Description

1
2

Zirconium concentrate
SFM

Price, RUR/ton
165,000
45,000

Zircon Refractories Market
Zircon-class refractories (zircon, brazilite and brazilite-corundum refractories,
owing to their high refractoriness and corrosion resistance to metal and mineral
melts), refer to materials of high demand in metallurgy and glass manufacturing.
Modern glass-manufacturing technologies cannot exist without brazilitecorundum refractories, and the manufacture of these materials has been
launched in the last decade in Belgium, Australia, India and China.

Companies such as SEPR Group, Imerys, RHI, Zhongheng, Saint-Gobain and others
produce a wide range of zircon refractories for metallurgy and glass
manufacturing. Borovichskiy Refractories Plant JSC and Dinur JSC produce a
small amount of zircon refractories in Russia.
As there is a lack of domestic zirconium-containing raw materials (zircon and
zirconium dioxide), brazilite-corundum refractories for glass manufacturing
enterprises are chiefly imported from abroad.
Russias domestic manufacture covers only 8-10% of the demand in zirconiumcontaining raw materials. Kovdorskiy GOK (Ore Mining and Processing Plant) is
the only enterprise in Russia to produce zirconium raw materials (brazilite
powder), with production output of 5-6 tons per year.
The majority of this amount is exported to Norway, Japan and other countries.
Zirconium concentrate, which is one of the scarcest mineral raw materials, is not
produced in Russia, but is imported from Ukraine and Australia. Russia, ranked 3rd
in zirconium reserves, does not have a single industrially developed operation for
manufacture of zirconium products. Titanium and zirconium deposits can be
developed integrally only with mandatory production of ilmenite (rutile) and
zirconium concentrates, as the industry has a confirmed demand for them. As
titanium and zirconium constitute strategic natural resources, it is crucial to
develop their raw materials base for Russias self-reliance.
Russia has known resources of titanium and zirconium alluvial deposits, which in
case of exploration could meet zirconium raw materials domestic demand for
decades. These include Tuganskoye Deposit (Tomsk Region), Lukoyanovskoye
Deposit (Nizhniy Novgorod Region), Tarskoye Deposit (Omsk Region),
Tsentralonoye Deposit (Tambov Region) and Beshpagirskoye Deposit (Stavropol
Territory).
Because of constant rotation of owners, lack of funds and government failures in
the implementation of targeted programs, the aforementioned deposits have
remain industrially non-developed for decades. Given the high costs, first of all
based on comparison of economic indices of development of these deposits, it is
necessary to find the most viable one to arrange industrial manufacture of
zirconium concentrate and zirconium dioxide. The issue of the creation of

titanium and zirconium raw materials base in Russia has a national character, as it
touches upon the economic security of the country as far as provision of
zirconium-containing raw materials to various industries is concerned.
Recycling of zirconium-containing industrial wastes with the help of our
technology is an alternative to global exploration of deposits in Russia, and
application of our technology will help to resolve the problem of the deficit in
zirconium-containing raw materials in the most economical, effective and  most
importantly  fastest way when compared to the development of explored
deposits.

ZrCoin Project Income
Current income related to daily operation of the factory are specified in Table 3.
Table 3
Estimated production incomes from sale of
synthetic zirconium concentrate and SFM
Item No. Index description
1

Production volume of synthetic zirconium concentrate (tons)
Average cost of 1 ton (RUR)

2

Production volume of SFM (tons)
Average cost of 1 ton (RUR)
Total monthly income (RUR)

Value
400
165,000
100
46,000
70,600,000

Note: 1 month is taken as a reference period for calculations.

The estimated monthly yield of the factorys operation should be RUR 70.6
million.

Project Summary
Environmental Aspects of the Project
The Project details the application of green technology in the manufacturing
process, which will allow for the reduction of direct environmental damage, and
reduction of environmental risks from the results of accumulated environmental
damage.
The key distinctive feature of the green manufacturing process to be employed is
the use of various industrial wastes instead of the raw materials used by current
manufacturers of zirconium dioxide. This recycling model can be extended to
other locations of heavy industry in Russia and abroad.
The technology is easily scaled and can be deployed in any country within 18
months. Investors will be offered to trade ZrCoin options for the Companys stock
upon drawing audited financial statements for the first reporting period and IPO.
The ZrCoin project, assuming successful implementation, will have a positive
effect on solving issues related to quality of life, the environment and industrial
waste recycling.

Project Summary
Project Team
The ZrCoin Project team comprises innovative developers, chemists,
technologists, expert scientists, managers, and economists with experience in
industry and finance.
Project managers have practical experience in the field of R&D, in such
organisations as Eastern Institute of Refractories, Institute of Geology and
Geochemistry of Ural Branch of Russian Academy of Sciences, Metallurgy
Laboratory of Mining Institute (Yekaterinburg), Ural State Mining and
Technological Academy, MISiS National University of Science and Technology,
and others. They have publications, scientific articles, certificates of authorship
and patents in their relevant specialisms, in refractory, metallurgy and chemical
industry, geological engineering and materials science.
Members of the team have been engaged as research advisers in various
geological survey units of Russia, including the 50th Anniversary of USSR Navorskiy
Mountain and Metallurgy Plant, Kachkonarskiy Ore Mining and Processing Plant,
Directorate No. 5 of All-Russia Research and Development Institute of Chemical
Technology.
Members of the team have business contacts with the largest metallurgy and
refractory enterprises in Russia, including the Magnitogorsk Metallurgy Plant,
Ogneupor Company, Magnesit Group, SpetsOgneuporComplekt, Pervouralskiy
Silica Plant (Dinur), Klyuchevskaya Enrichment Plant, Buruktalskiy Nickel Plant,
Lukoil, and Tobolk-Neftekhim.
Our experts have experience of cooperation with industrial, construction, design
and manufacturing companies to attract financing from banking, private and
foreign organizations, and experience of foreign economic activity in the export of
metal-containing materials (for instance, to Canada, England and Germany).

Conclusion
Investors participation in the Project entails purchase of the ZrCoin derivative,
which is implemented as a financial instrument on the Waves blockchain platform
[2]. ZrCoin in turn is backed by an industrial commodity, namely synthetic
zirconium dioxide or Synth. Zr2.
ZrCoin options will be sold at ICO (during stage 1 of the Project in March  April,
2017) and can be bought for USD, bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies.
During the initial days of the sale the option will be offered to potential investors
at a 50% discount from the Zr assets cost basis (dynamics are shown in picture 2,
above). The option price will increase steadily in the days to follow.
More detailed information on the terms of investment into the ZrCoin option will
be shown in the profile on the Projects website [1] and will be available upon
registration as a potential investor.
The described manufacturing technique for Synth. Zr2 is a striking example of a
rational approach to raw materials. Wastes from existing manufacturing
processes are given a new life, transforming them into high-quality raw
materials for recycling. Moreover, before the recycling process these wastes were
the products of enriched natural mineral raw materials, which endured chemical
and high-temperature impacts in the course of their use. This resulted in the
synthesis of minerals, destruction of chemical bonds and formation of new ones.
After recycling with the use of this new technology, the zirconium concentrate is
no longer a natural material but is transformed into the synthetic product.
This has an overwhelming advantage over its natural analogue. Refractories and
anti-adhesion coatings made from synthetic zirconium concentrate have longer
service life periods. Also noteworthy are the words of D.I. Mendeleev, spoken
more than a hundred years ago, that one of the ways to make manufacturing
better is to make it wasteless!
That is why the described technology exemplifies the harmony of industry and
nature. Few companies on the planet can boast that industrial development
causes no harm to the environment. Besides, the technologies of industrial and
comprehensive recycling of wastes allow for the resolution of anthropogenic

harm to the planet. It does not matter where manufacturing is located, whether
in Russia or Germany, the Czech Republic or USA. The technology will work in any
country and on any continent. The reason for this is that the final products, socalled manufacturing tails (thanks to our technology the word wastes are no
longer apt), become materials of high demand both for the refractory industry
and for tertiary metallurgy: the metallurgy of the future!
We have set the ball rolling. Our Project is moving steadily towards generating a
profit whilst concurrently solving a number of environmental issues by the
comprehensive recycling of industrial products. The described technology is not
the only one invented by our team. Holding two golden keys in our hands (this is
how we describe our approach), we can open doors to the future of a green
planet, economy and industry, with solutions to many of the current issues
hidden behind those doors.
We are enthusiastic and optimistic about our slogan: We will turn your waste
into money.

References
[1] ZrCoin.io (Projects website, web presentation)
[2] https://wavesplatform.com/
[3] http://government.ru/dep_news/25785/
[4] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnitogorsk (reference to the site plan
(photos on the Projects website))
[5] http://www.consultant.ru/document/cons_doc_LAW_28224/
[6] http://www.unido.org/fileadmin/import/45322_Vol._I_Ebook.pdf;
http://resourcefinder.ids.ac.uk/Record/72920
*****

