 Open Fund Management Platform to disrupt the investment industry Tim M. Zagar, Jani Valjavec, Zenel Batagelj, Ervin U. Kovac, Ales LekseThe crises of our time, it becomes increasingly clear, are the necessary impetus for the revolution now under way. And once we understand nature's transformative powers, we see that it is our powerful ally, not a force to feared our subdued. (Thomas Kuhn)July 2016
WHY INVEST IN ICONOMI?ICONOMI is about disruption - the “uberisation” of fund management. We are pairing the business-model fundamentals of the crypto-world and the obvious trend of platform domination with new technological possibilities.Internet, Facebook, Android, Uber - those are all the big stories where it was impossible to invest at the early stages of development. It was either technically not possible (for example with the Internet) or it was only reserved for “big investors”, who in turn reaped all the high profits.We believe that blockchains are game-changers for the investment world, linking those with disruptive ideas directly to those looking for investing opportunities, no matter the skill level or size of investment. Now it is possible to invest in disruptive technologies at the very early stages.ICONOMI’s mission is to cater to investors looking for high profits, not possible in the old economy. It will do so through a simple and trustworthy entry point, providing them with excellent experience, which is crucial for keeping them investing in the new economy. With your help, ICONOMI will bring an influx of fresh capital into the distributed economy, providing funding for exciting new projects and boosting the value of digital assets along the way.ICONOMI is creating the missing link between the old and the new economy. Speaking the language of the old economy and acting by the principles of the new one, ICONOMIs transparent management will be provided by an EU legislation compliant and regulated service operator.Our timeline is ambitious - our journey already started in Q1 2016, when we first began offering Ether and learning what clients are missing. In Q3 2016 we will finalise the required infrastructure and in Q4 2016 we will introduce the first two ICONOMI investment funds.2017 will be dedicated to our vision. We will launch the ICONOMI Open Fund Management platform with a simple promise to successful traders - anyone can be a professional fund manager; “You bring the crypto-expertise, we take care of everything else”.2
ICONOMI will open up a new financial services category in the decentralised economy,with a guaranteed income stream and an ambitious platform vision. We are positive that ICONOMI is one of the most appealing business proposals of 2016 with its high probability of investment multiplication.3
Table of contents123CREATION OF NEW FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS...............................................51.1 Open Fund Management (OFM) platform ......................................................... 51.2 Coin Traded Fund (CTF) .................................................................................... 51.3 Coin Managed Fund (CMF) ............................................................................... 6ICONOMI INVESTMENT FUNDS............................................................................ 62.1 ICONOMI.INDEX FUND..................................................................................62.2 ICONOMI.PERFORMANCE FUND.................................................................7ICONOMI PLATFORM DETAILS............................................................................. 73.1 ICONOMI Crowdfunding - Initial Coin Offering ............................................. 73.2 ICONOMI Tokens (ICN) ................................................................................... 83.3 ICONOMI Technical Details .............................................................................. 93.4 ICONOMI Service Operator............................................................................... 9
1 CREATION OF NEW FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTSICONOMI will launch the ICONOMI Open Fund Management platform (OFM) and two types of new financial instruments: the ICONOMI Coin Traded Fund (CTF) and the ICONOMI Coin Managed Fund (CMF).1.1 Open Fund Management (OFM) platformThe essence and vision of the ICONOMI project is the ICONOMI Open Fund Management (OFM) platform for investing. OFM is a simple management tool where traders with knowledge and experience create their own investment funds. Investors, on the other hand, are able to invest even the smallest amounts, getting a clear overview of available investment fund managers and their current & past performance. The ICONOMI Open Fund Management (OFM) platform will disrupt the asset management industry.ICONOMI OFM platform’s promise is short: “You manage the funds, we take care of everything else”1.2• • •We bring the investors - at the time of OFM platform introduction, the ICONOMI platform will already have a large base of ICONOMI CTF and CMF investors. The OFM platform systematically enables the sharing of management fees between fund managers and investors with Ethereum smart contract utilisation.The OFM platform will feature numerous easy to use tools, such as the portfolio management tool, market data analysis tool, market forecast and history and much more.Coin Traded Fund (CTF)CTFs will be managed automatically based on predetermined rules and will be inherently transparent. Their behaviour will respond to market developments, making the individual coin percentages in the funds dependent on preordained rules and changes on the market. Our analytical services will constantly monitor several market parameters, continuously analyse available market data, build detailed market forecasts and adapt investment funds as needed, within preset limits.Investors will benefit from lower risks, which are going to be mitigated with careful preselection of included tokens of value, and lower price volatility. Since CTFs will be continuously tradable, they will be attractive to investors who are looking to buy and sell
units of the fund (tokens) in a matter of seconds. Daily liquidity of CTFs on the market is going to be guaranteed by market makers, who, by exploiting arbitrage opportunities, will be pushing the prices of CTFs to their net asset value.1.3 Coin Managed Fund (CMF)CMFs will be actively managed by a team of experts - financial analysts, mathematicians and cryptocurrency community professionals. Veterans of their respective fields, with decades of experience and successful projects behind them, they will help hone the ICONOMI spear for attack on the markets, making the ICONOMI CMF funds one of the most profitable financial instruments. With possibility of return on investment multiplication, CMF funds will represent our highest risk investment opportunities.2 ICONOMI INVESTMENT FUNDSBoth CTF and CMF ICONOMI funds offer significant advantages over traditional investment funds.• Each ICONOMI investment fund will issue its own tokens. CTFs will be offered to all major exchanges, therefore expect them to be found (traded) there. CMFs will be tradable only within ICONOMI.• ICONOMI funds will be hyper-liquid and accessible 24/7 via the ICONOMI debit card when kept on the ICONOMI platform.• ICONOMI investment funds will establish new ground-breaking standards in transparency - all aspects of fund management will be accessible at all times.ICONOMI will introduce two investment funds: the CTF type ICONOMI.INDEX FUND and the CMF type ICONOMI.PERFORMANCE FUND.2.1 ICONOMI.INDEX FUNDThe ICONOMI.INDEX FUND will reflect the development of a credible cryptocurrency market. As a CTF fund it will be transparently managed and traded on major exchanges. The ICONOMI.INDEX fund will include several thoroughly-researched cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Lisk, Steem and other major value tokens.A carefully chosen package of undervalued assets, stripped of the risks associated with acquiring and storing the assets yourself, the ICONOMI index fund is perfect for instantly6
creating a well-balanced portfolio of cryptocurrencies, while still enjoying significantly higher profits than with any other existing financial instruments.2.2 ICONOMI.PERFORMANCE FUNDThe ICONOMI.PERFORMANCE FUND will aim at high performance - multiplication of investment. As a CMF it will be actively managed by a team of ICONOMI experts. Our team will scout for propitious early investment ICO opportunities (crowdfunded startup projects and companies). Through our company-focused fund, everyone can become a venture capitalist, without any of the hassle and capital requirements.In order to ensure the best possible management and prevent the possibility of oversubscription, the ICONOMI.PERFORMANCE fund will be by invitation only.ICONOMI ICO participants will be invited to join the ICONOMI.PERFORMANCE fund! 3 ICONOMI PLATFORM DETAILSThe ICONOMI platform envisioned in this white paper is meant to exist autonomously after development completion. Being a crowdfunded project, a majority of 85 % will be owned by the crowdfunding participants in the form of ICONOMI tokens (“ICN”), while a share of 15 % ICNs will be reserved for the original development team, advisors, bounties and the earliest adopters/contributors. Possessing the required prerequisites, Cashila OOD s.r.o. will serve as the first ICONOMI service operator. It will do so without participation in profit-sharing, financing itself only from the capital raised through the crowdfunding campaign.3.1 ICONOMI Crowdfunding - Initial Coin OfferingThe capital required for development and release of the ICONOMI platform will be secured through a crowdfunding campaign - ICONOMI Initial Coin Offering (hereinafter referred to as “ICO”). 10 days after the conclusion of the ICO, ICONOMI will issue 100 million ICONOMI tokens. ICONOMI tokens will be Ethereum-based tokens of value (see below).ICO will be open to everyone between 25. 8. 2016 8:00 UTC and 29. 9. 2016 20:00 UTC. During this time, a special ICONOMI ICO website will be available at ico.iconomi.net where ICO participants will be able to generate user accounts. ICONOMI ICO website7
will guide participants thought the deposit process. Several fiat and crypto currencies will be accepted - for details regarding the deposits please see our FAQ.10 days after the funding campaign is completed, the number of ICONOMI tokens belonging to each ICO participant will be determined based on the total amount raised and the ICONOMI tokens transferred to individual user accounts. Should the crowdfunding campaign fail to reach its capital goal of 2000 BTC or equivalent, all funds will be returned.3.2 ICONOMI Tokens (ICN)ICONOMI will issue 100 milion ICONOMI tokens (ICN) 10 days after the crowdfunding campaign successfully ends. 100 % of the ICONOMI tokens represent 100 % ownership of the ICONOMI platform, comprising of all assets and liabilities, as well as each and every right and obligation, including but not limited to intellectual property rights, branding and trademarks.ICN will be an Ethereum-based token of value. Tokens are a digital asset, bearing value by themselves based on their underlying assets, properties and/or rights. ICN tokens represent ownership of the ICONOMI platform, allowing their holders to receive dividends and vote on ICONOMI related issues.While Bitcoin serves as an excellent example of a successful token of value, Ethereum enables us to easily create much more complex systems with very little entry costs. Ethereum based tokens rely on a well-established Ethereum infrastructure, benefiting from several advantages:1. security and predictability (as opposed to, for example, having to run an independent blockchain network);2. use of robust and well- supported clients (Ethereum- based tokens can be managed with official Ethereum clients):3. high liquidity (interchangeable with other Ethereum- based tokens or Ether);4. easier listing on exchanges with infrastructure already in place;5. Ethereum smart contracts enable a very transparent and secure way of profit-sharing among the token holders.8
3.3 ICONOMI Technical DetailsAll non-fiat funds sent during the ICO will be immediately — with the next block after they are received — sent to a cold-storage, multi-signature address. Ether will be transferred automatically by a smart contract already developed and tested with the current iconomi.net platform. Private keyholders will be announced before the ICO starts and will include several well-known, independent individuals from the crypto community.In order to gain access to the assets acquired during the ICO, a sufficient time from the issuance of ICNs will have to pass. What is more, independent multisig signatories will have to approve the transfer. The ICONOMI team will not hold the number of private keys required to gain access to the funds.ICNs will be issued with the deployment of a smart contract on the Ethereum network and transferred to an Ethereum address users will be able to provide through the ICONOMI interface. Users who fail to do so will still be able to access their ICNs via the ICONOMI website.3.4 ICONOMI Service OperatorThe service operator of the ICONOMI platform provides a way of materialising the actions of the autonomous ICONOMI platform. In the same way that a juridical personality manifests its actions through its authorised natural persons, the ICONOMI platforms establishes its relationships with other juridical persons, natural persons and government entities through the at-the-time elected service operator.Cashila OOD s.r.o. (hereinafter referred to as “Cashila”) will serve as the first service operator of the ICONOMI platform. Having at its disposal the required knowledge, technical skills and manpower, as well as the status of a financial institution and a long- standing relationship with both the crypto and investment communities, Cashila will undertake to develop and manage the ICONOMI platform in accordance with the vision outlined in this white paper and detailed in the accompanying documentation on behalf of the ICN token holders. Cashila does not and will not claim or register any kind of property, trademark or other rights pertaining to the ICONOMI platform. All intellectual property rights, trademarks, branding and other rights remain exclusively the property of the ICONOMI platform.9
Cashila will develop and organise the ICONOMI ICO campaign on behalf of the ICONOMI platform. Cashila will develop and manage the ICONOMI platform as the first service operator. Although a profit-sharing scheme between the ICONOMI platform and its service operator is intended to be exercised, Cashila will not participate in profit-sharing at least until such time that the capital raised during the ICONOMI ICO covers the operational costs of Cashila.ICN ownership entitles its possessor to participate in ICONOMI platform related voting. One of the most important voting issues will be the selection of service operators. ICN holders are free to vote on a service operator at any time after the ICONOMI platform has been launched, but not before a 24-month moratorium has passed.10