The STK token will enable real time point of sale (POS) transactions directly from users’ private cryptocurrency wallets.  We  predict  the  ability  to  make  purchases  in-store  and  online  using  cryptocurrencies  will  speed  up  mass  adoption  of  the  technology.  The  STK  token  is  part  of  a  global  solution  to  facilitate  borderless  transactions. To make instant payments at point of sale from a blockchain wallet requires we do a real-time exchange of cryptocurrency into fiat. The STK token provides access to our state channels which a) ensure there is sufficient cryptocurrency (i.e. Bitcoin, Ether) in the digital wallet and b) users spending fiat at point of sale will complete the purchase from their cryptocurrency assets. STK automatically opens a state channel between each user and STK’s own wallet. STK tokens fund the transaction, much like gas funds Ethereum transactions. The first implementation will be with STACK’s digital wallet. STK tokens will be implemented on the public Ethereum blockchain and adhere to the ERC20 protocol.


STACK MONEY SERVICESSTACK is a revolutionary new approach to personal finance, providing a fee-free alternative to traditional banking with a globally accessible platform to spend, save and share your money, in any currency, at any time and straight from your mobile. STACK is creating a community of users who celebrate moments that matter by sharing stories and providing personalized solutions to reach financial goals faster than ever before. Our digital fiat account provides a gateway to widespread cryptocurrency adoption by pairing it with access to mainstream financial services and smart new features on a simple, user-friendly platform.The current financial technology (FinTech) ecosystem is fragmented with different companies in isolated segments, providing singular solutions (i.e. lending marketplace, alternative finance, payments & international remittances and P2P money movement, and blockchain). STACK’s goal is to be a full-service personal finance solution.  In addition to the cryptocurrency wallet, STACK creates a positive, sustainable relationship between users and their money, without the stress associated with most financial products or transactions. STACK offers its members fee-free, digital money services including:• Real time conversion from crypto to local fiat currency at point-of-sale• Tap-to-pay functionality on the STACK mobile app and on participating 3rd party mobile wallets• Multi-currency wallet (crypto and fiat currencies)• Chip-and-PIN EMV card• Social sharing to celebrate moments that matter on the STACK World Stream• The ability to withdraw cash from any ATM• Tips, tools and tailored advice to reach your financial goals, fasterEach STACK account includes a STACK card – a prepaid card – which complements the STACK digital wallet. STACK payment facilities which include the physical and virtual prepaid card can be used in almost 200 countries at over 39 million points of acceptance today. This is possible through our card issuance partnerships with global payment networks. Moreover, users and businesses can exchange their blockchain assets seamlessly from one user to another, with transparency that is currently lacking in a centralized solution.Data will be used to provide personalized recommendations, simple ways to save, relevant offers and rewards. 
STACK UP Savings• Create savings goals as broad or as specific as you like.• Automated round-ups help you save a little or a lot.• Categorize your goals to receive relevant offers and rewards based on what you’re saving towards.  Financial IQ• Being smart with your money means you’ll have more of it to spend on the things that matter.  STACK gives you personalized tools to help you reach your goals faster.Spend Trends keeps you on track, providing insight into your spending and saving goals (i.e. the categories where you are overspending).  STACK will be able to index your spending against similar peer sets and cohorts so that you’ll know exactly how well you are stacking up against others in your same financial situation.Receive offers and rewards that are tailored just for you.Categorized spending helps you see where your money goes.SecuritySTACK uses industry-leading safeguards to protect your money, data and privacy, so accounts are secure and protected.• Chip and Pin EMV Cards• Transition Notifications• In-app card freeze, pin resetsSTACK has built in KYC, AML and fraud monitoring processes.•  Onboarding  process  utilizes  waterfall  methodology  to  verify  the  user  using  Trulioo’s GlobalGatewayTM• AML Watchlist to comply with domestic and global Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Counter Terrorist Finance (CTF), and sanctions enforcement regulations.
Our team has decades of combined experience in financial services, technology, and marketing, with a consumer-focused approach to business. We created STACK as the first step towards a better way to spend, save and share your money. Now, the STK token will advance our mission to provide a universally accessible platform to store money safely, access it instantly and transact with it anywhere, in any currency, including crypto
We’ve partnered with some of the top thought leaders and development experts from the Blockchain community who have helped to develop the STK token. Our ecosystem includes industry experts in tech, media, retail and regulatory affairs.
