    VIVA White PaperApril 3, 2017 V2.0 - April 3, 2017
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARYThe ProblemTechnological innovation and global marketplaces have tangible benefits. However, they also both contribute to the ever-increasing chasm of inequality within our society. Unless the deeply felt concerns of those being left behind are adequately addressed, as a whole we will continue to suffer under the burden of increasing strife and conflict.The OpportunityThe VIVA project recognizes that an extremely inefficient and top-heavy financial system is playing a significant role in aggravating the inequalities inherent in our society. This, however, does not have to be the case. By implementing a streamlined virtual economy that harnesses the power of digital currencies, blockchain ledgers and real world value sources we are implementing a complete financial system, unchained to the political vagaries of any specific nation, that is capable of providing significant recurring income for all of the individuals that participate.The SolutionIn today's financial system every transaction is like opening and closing a leaky faucet. Inevitably, value is lost - usually into the pockets of corporate financiers. In the VIVAconomyTM each and every drop of value is recovered and equitably returned to the individual people, VivosTM, who participate in the VIVAconomy. We have combined a three-tiered stabilized digital currency framework, an online blockchain trading exchange, a proven digital currency ATM network and real world value generating blockchain applications to form the world's first sustainable virtual economy.The StrategyUntil now cryptocurrencies have remained somewhat on the fringe due to three principal handicaps: their volatility, the difficulties of being accepted “in the real world” and their inability to offer a clear value proposition to the public at large. The VIVAconomy solves all three of these problems.First of all, our stabilized three-tier digital currency framework assures that VIVAcoinsTM will freely fluctuate within a stable range of values. Second, our ATM network, which has been operating for over a year, and the agreements we have in place with a reliable Mastercard provider, make it easy for people to combine their activities in the VIVAconomy with the traditional financial system. Lastly, the business applications that we are implementing guarantee a consistent influx of value into the VIVAconomy.The OfferingAt this time we are seeding the VIVAconomy by offering the first and only widely available ICO for our Tier-1 VIVA CrownTM coin. Each VIVA Crown coin grants the owner the right to mint VIVAcoins within the VIVAconomy. It also grants them full voting rights within the Crown Holders as outlined in this report. Only 10,500 VIVA Crown coins have been issued, of which 6,500 are available for the ICO.  VIVA White Paper - April 3, 2017PAGE 2 
 CONTENTSIntroduction1. Executive Summary4. The VIVAconomy and Society6. VIVAconomy Technical Summary10. Three-Tiered Stabilized Digital Currency Framework13. VIVA Crowns, Treasury Rights and Crown HoldersFundamentals of The VIVAconomy 15. VIVA Coins and Mints16. vX The World's Most Boring Electronic Cash System19. The TradeQwik Exchange21. The VIVA Liquidity Pool23. The VIVA Award Pool and Award Rights     Earning VIVAcoins26. The VIVA Paid Social Media Platform28. Worker Nodes & The VIVA Computational Network30. VIVA ATM and Remittance Network 33. VIVA Blockchain Technology36. VIVA Business Applications  VIVA White Paper - April 3, 2017PAGE 3 The VIVA ICO37. Real World Case Study - MedicAxess 38. How we will use the funds39. The VIVA Team41. VIVA ICO Terms & Conditions42. VIVA Glossary  
 The VIVAconomy and SocietyThe WhyWe believe that the VIVAconomyTM can significantly improve the lives of billions of people all around the world.As technological advances in automation and robotics increasingly reduce the need for unskilled labor, billions of human beings are facing the harsh reality that their position in society is slowly eroding away. In America this is producing an epidemic of despair related disease, financial loss and a heavy toll on our social safety net, while in other areas of the world the same forces are leading to poverty and malnutrition.Meanwhile, our financial system, based on nineteenth century paradigms and power structures, feeds off of every transaction that occurs.In the VIVAconomy, thanks to the streamlining of the system, these transactional costs are instead employed to provide two essential functions to every VivoTM: a stable recurring revenue stream and a participatory share in a long-term financial asset that can help guarantee a sustainable retirement.The HowEach participant in the VIVAconomy (Vivo) has two VIVAcoinTM accounts provisioned inside their VIVA wallet. First they have a VIVA current account which is analogous to a checking account. Funds from your current accountcan be spent at businesses that accept VIVAcoin, withdrawn from a VIVA ATM or by using a connected Mastercard debit card. Second, each Vivo has a participation in the VIVA Liquidity pool. This VIVA liquidity pool account is analogous to a savings or retirement account and accrues dividends over time. Vivos can pass funds between the two accounts.  VIVA White Paper - April 3, 2017PAGE 4  
 But where do the VIVAcoins come from?Every transaction that occurs in the VIVAconomy generates a dividend that is partially returned to each and every Vivo based on their participation in the VIVA Liquidity pool. This means that the more you save, the greater the dividends that you will receive.Individual Vivos can earn VIVAcoins in several different ways. The simplest way is to install a worker program on their computer. This process cedes unused computational, storage and network resources to the VIVA network in exchange for VIVAcoins. These resources are then sold to businesses that need economical computing resources.Vivos will also be able to earn VIVAcoins by participating in the VIVA social network that we will be launching. By publishing content, engaging and voting for content the Vivo demonstrates his or her humanity and in exchange receives VIVAcoins.Over the upcoming months we will be launching a series of powerful new blockchain applications that will allow Vivos to earn VIVAcoins.The How MuchHow much can a Vivo earn?This is a complicated question to answer. Our goal is to reach the point where each Vivo is able to receive a sustainable living wage thanks to his or her participation in the VIVAconomy.Obviously, this will take time and effort and will depend on a number of critical factors:1. How many Vivos are participating in the VIVAconomy.2. How many transactions are occurring in the VIVAconomy.For this reason every participant in the system has a vested interest in seeing it flourish and prosper. The more transactions that are processed in VIVAcoin the more everyone in the economy receives.Similarly, as we onboard new business applications that harness the VIVAconomy infrastructure, the more influx of outside currencies we will see. This will also generate more dividends.The WhenWhen will this begin to be real? It already is!With the ICO of the Tier-1 VIVA Crown coins the fundamental architecture of the system will begin to operate.WHEN WILL THIS BE REAL?  IT ALREADY IS! The TradeqwikTM Exchange is already operative in beta.The ATM Network has been functioning successfully in two physical locations for over ayear. The agreement with a reliable Mastercard provider is in place.  VIVA White Paper - April 3, 2017PAGE 5   
   The strength of the ecosystem depends on the efficiency of the entire system instead of the popularity of the coins.VIVAconomy Technical SummaryThe VIVAconomy is an enterprise level blockchain ecosystem with its own unique cryptocurrency layers. We have designed it to be the first “open, market-driven currency.” Unlike other cryptocurrency projects the strength of the ecosystem depends on the efficiency of the entire system instead of the popularity of the coins.By combining the best ideas from the financial and blockchain sectors, we have been able to implement a streamlined economic engine that equitably returns dividends to all participants.The VIVAconomy has a custom-built exchange and cryptocurrency gateway called Tradeqwik. Here consumers, businesses, and professionals can exchange cryptocurrencies for traditional fiat currencies or other stores of value. Unique features of this blockchain powered exchange include lending, saving and margin. TradeQwik is already live and in beta. See www.Tradeqwik.comThe VIVAconomy also provides the infrastructure for a global peer-to-peer network to offer compute, storage and networking features. It is designed to evolve and offer additional services targeted to the financial, healthcare and manufacturing sectors as well as small business merchant processing services.The custom VIVA wallet is built with the highest levels of cryptography. The wallet also serves as money transfer remittance platform.The core VIVA platform will also serve as a peer-to-peer blockchain marketplace and social media content management platform. Vivos receive VIVAcoins for both their VIVA White Paper - April 3, 2017PAGE 6  
 computer processing power on the network as well as creative content on the social media platform. The VIVAconomy has a built in retirement account for all Vivos that pays daily compounded dividends.Finally, the VIVA system includes deploying custom ATMs. The first two VIVA multi-coin ATMs are installed and operating in our Baja Mexico test region. The first one is in downtown Tijuana at the Imaxess medical hospital, and the other is in the La Fonda Hotel and Restaurant. Both ATMs dispense the local fiat...Mexican pesos.Benefits of the VIVAconomyBitcoin taught us that there is great value in being able to move money without interference by corporate and political interests.However, the VIVAconomy goes far beyond that. In fact, it is a whole new way of looking at money.At its core is a cryptocurrency that recognizes money as just another form of energy.Money is just economic energy. When it's not put to useful work, it rapidly loses power. Put another way, the only value that money really has, is what you can buy with it. Unlike other cryptocurrencies you may have considered investing in, the VIVAconomy by definition has real world uses and users, not just speculative “use cases”.If the VIVAconomy includes a global distributed network providing on demand, storage, compute and networking services, what makes it different from other projects that provide similar services?For each of the coins that provide compute, storage or network services, this is the ONLY thing that they do. The buck stops there for those coins. As the value of these services decline, so will these so called “currencies”. For the VIVAconomy, these are just the first of a series of real world applications that will provide a genuine influx of value into the VIVAconomy.For example, our system looks at the market completely differently than say Filecoin, or Golem. The VIVA ecosystem is already engineered to evolve far beyond those services and in fact, the primary end users of VIVA are not going to be your typical person seeking those services. Instead, businesses are incentivized to connect to and leverage the power of the VIVA network, and in most instances, function as resellers for specific niches. VIVA is seamless and transparent to the endLike other forms of energy, money must be put to useful work in order to be a sustainable container of value.  VIVA White Paper - April 3, 2017PAGE 7  
  Unlike other projects, we do not mine coins, in the VIVAconomy we mint coins.user.More importantly, the VIVAconomy is designed to be appealing and useful to the general public. With an exchange, wallet, easy on-boarding as a worker node, savings account with daily dividends, social networking platform that pays users for content, and gateway to fiat currency, VIVA is positioned to make the cryptocurrency crossover to the general public and create a whole new economic engine placing the people at the center of governance.The VIVAconomy's economic engine is made up of five key components: VIVA Crowns, VIVA Coins, vX , the VIVA Liquidity Pool and the Tradeqwik exchange.Unlike other projects, we do not mine coins, instead in the VIVAconomy we mint coins.The five fundamental components within the VIVA system interact in a way that creates a global economic system that is sustainable, valuable, robust, and most importantly, stable.The second tier VIVAcoin supply is directly impacted by price, or more precisely, by its purchasing power parity. If the price is too high, the supply increases in response, conversely if the price is too low then the supply will respond by contracting in order to bring the price back into range. This is managed by the VIVA Crown Holders.VIVA Crowns are the tool we use to help ensure the price stability of the VIVAcoin currency. Each VIVA Crown holds a Treasury Right to mint a set supply of VIVAcoins each week that is determined by the consensus of all Crown Holders. So by purchasing a VIVA Crown, you are purchasing the ability to create a Treasury Right and basically a license to print an allocated amount of VIVA coins each quarter.There is no other currency that operates in this way anywhere in the world.However, the oil market is comparable. Oil prices are partially driven by the collective pricing decisions of OPEC member nations, who execute a similar function. When the price of oil is too low, OPEC nations agree to cut production in order to to raise the price and when the price is too high, OPEC nations increase production in response.The US Federal Reserve system also functions in a similar manner to VIVA. There is no other currency that operates in this way anywhere in the world. VIVA White Paper - April 3, 2017PAGE 8  
 The Fed sets a number of rates including the T-Bill rate and the “window rate”. These rates help to control the supply of US Dollars. When the T-Bill rate is high, money exits the economy as people dump their riskier investments for safer Treasury Bills. The “window rate”, which is what the banks pay to the fed to borrow money overnight, is a closer comparison to how VIVA works, because the more money that banks have to pay to borrow money, the more actively they seek out cheaper sources of currency including the open forex markets.Each of these scenarios are functionally similar to VIVA, because VIVA does not operate in a vacuum. However, it is important to note that this isn't rule by decree.While it may at first appear that Crown Holders collectively form another cartel, it is actually just the opposite.Crown Holders, set their own pricing and are welcome to sell at any price they care to. Crown Holders set their desired price, but the pricing target enforced by the network is the mean average of Crown Holder pricing requests after lopping off the top and bottom in order to eliminate outliers.In this way an optimum balance is struck between competing interests and VIVA’s energy is directed towards where it can be the most effective, while not cutting anyone out of the bargain completely.As a final backstop to cartel style tyranny, anyone can become a Crown Holder either by mining a Crown or by purchasing them on the open market. There are no requirements to becoming a Crown Holder, other than simply owning one or more VIVA Crowns.This three-tiered system achieves a goal that has plagued all other cryptocurrencies to date - namely their volatility.When you are planning on using a currency to put food on the table, the very last thing you want is for it to be exciting. Instead of an ecosystem designed to facilitate financial speculation, we have designed the VIVAconomy as a stable place that derives its value from the efficiency of transacting instead of the wild swings of a speculative market.When you are planning on using a currency to put food on the table, the very last thing you want is for it to be exciting.  VIVA White Paper - April 3, 2017PAGE 9  
   Volatility has plagued the cryptocurrency world making it seem risky.A Three-Tiered Stabilized Digital Currency FrameworkUntil now all digital cryptocurrencies have suffered from extreme volatility. Since they operate on the fringe of the financial system, they have traditionally been subject to very strong speculative forces.This volatility has contributed significantly to their reputations as “risky investments.”To solve this problem, the VIVAconomyTM is scaffolded around three digital currencies: VIVA CrownsTM, vX and VIVAcoinsTM.Like the heavy counterweight at the foot of a tall crane, VIVA Crowns provide the VIVAconomy with the stability needed to be perceived as a reliable, safe place for VivosTM to store value.vX are integrated financial instruments that allow any Vivo to store value pegged to a specific amount of external currency. For example 1 vUSD is the number of VIVAcoins equivalent to $1 USD. The vX are redeemable at their face value in the specified currency at any time regardless of the fluctuations of the value of VIVAcoins.VIVAcoins, the third tier currency in the VIVAconomy, is the primary operating currency within the system. All transactions are settled in VIVAcoin which means that these are the coins that businesses and people will use in their daily lives.To accomplish this in the VIVAconomy, the owners of VIVA Crowns collectively play a very significant role. Their duty is to regulate the supply of VIVAcoins so VIVA White Paper - April 3, 2017PAGE1 0 
 that the market price stays within an agreed upon range. If demand is high, Crown Holders will mint new VIVAcoins to assure that the price does not skyrocket. Similarly, if the price is falling below the desired range, Crown Holders will collectively reduce the supply of VIVAcoins in the market, thus bringing the price back up.This vital regulating process, which is controlled by an open, democratic and transparent VIVA Crown Holders is the key to providing longterm financial stability to the entire universe of Vivos.As mentioned in the introduction, VIVA currency is an “open market driven coin”. This means that it trades against numerous crypto and fiat pairs in an open and free market. This allows easy transitioning into and out of the currency.As long as the price is +-10% of the current target, the currency trades freely and the network will not interfere. However, if the price rises above 10% of the target or falls below 10% of the target, then and only then does the network take corrective action.In the event the price is too high, the network will implement a negative interest rate. This negative interest can be thought of as a bonus, allowing more VIVAcoins to be minted as is needed in order to drive the price of VIVAcoin within the target range.If the price is too low, then the network will implement a positive interest which could even go above 100% in order to mint a reduced, or in some limited cases, even a negative amount of VIVAcoin and mop up the excess liquidity.The VIVAconomy also has other mechanisms in place to contract supplies and keep the price within targets. One of these is a “fee burning” mechanism wherein the network fees are burned. Freshly minted VIVAcoins which do not move, and sit unused for over a year are deleted.Similarly, formerly active VIVAcoins which have sat inactive and unused for over five years are removed from the system. This does not occur if the VIVAcoins have been put to work as vX or staked into the Liquidity Pool.VIVAcoins are money that must be spent, must be used, because money is only worth whatever you can buy with it.Crown Holders collectively determine how much VIVAcoinwill circulate by setting a target price and a target marketcap. This happens once a week and once it is set, the CrownHolder can issue Treasury Rights (TRs) and sell or even rentthem. TRs can only be “called” or “executed” by mints, which VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE1 1   
 then use them to pay worker nodes and other expenses. These expenses are settled directly in VIVAcoin.You’ll notice that at no time do we allow the coin to dump recklessly into the market. If a Crown Holder chooses not to issue a Treasury, then an amount of VIVAcoin equivalent to a Treasury right allotment is credited to their liquidity pool account, thus building a buffer or reserve of currency. This is important because there may be times where all TRs are minting negative amounts of coin in order to meet pricing targets and a negative minting Treasury deducts coins from the liquidity pool balance of the Crown Holder.If VIVAcoin were a typical cryptocurrency with regular mining pools, this would be financially devastating. But in the VIVAconomy, each mint must be attached to a business activity.As a business activity, this negative minting period is just a cost of doing business. The buffer that the Crown Holder builds up from not exercising or selling their TRs, helps to offset these periods.In truth negative minting is the most expensive way for a business to acquire coin. It has limited utility, i.e. it can only be used to cover existing miners on existing contracts. The fee is significant and this fee is being burned in order to pull excess coins off the market. It is wiser for someone who is currently negative minting, to purchase the coins it needs on the open market rather than try to mint them. This is because the only time negative minting occurs, is during times when the price has been below targets for an extended period of time, meaning that the coins are under priced in the first place.This can be enforced with smart contracts which can be attached to TRs, causing the business to buy VIVAcoin on the open market automatically during periods of negative minting, thereby preserving crown holder reserves.In this way, we ensure that the people contributing resources to the VIVAconomy, are always able to cash out their earnings without fear of being caught in a slide. In other words, we ensure price stability for the people who need it most.Likewise, all of this is a HUGE boon for speculators. We fully expect VIVAcoin to become the world’s most actively traded currency by speculators and have built the TradeQwik exchange specifically for speculators and market makers.  VIVA White Paper - April 3, 2017PAGE1 2  
  VIVA Crowns, Treasury Rights and Crown HoldersVIVA CrownsTM are the tool we use to help ensure the price stability of the VIVAcoin currency.Crowns are extremely scarce, only a limited supply will be sold during the ICO. After the ICO, only one Crown is created per week.The total number of Crowns that will ever be minted is 42,000.This scarcity serves two fundamental purposes. First, given that VIVA Crowns are very hard to come by, Crown Holders will be very reluctant to sell them. This is a secondary stability guarantee for the VIVAconomy as a whole. Second, this assures that the Crown Holders will not become unwieldy and ungovernable.Treasury Rights, TRs or simply Treasuries, are a literal license to print money in the VIVAconomy. Each VIVA Crown holds a Treasury Right to mint a set supply of VIVAcoins each week that is determined by the consensus of all Crown Holders.By purchasing a VIVA Crown in our ICO, you are purchasing the ability to create a Treasury Right and thus a license to print an allocated amount of VIVAcoins each week. This Treasury Right can be assigned, rented or sold to a mint.TRs are time limited, over a span of 90 days. During that 90 days owners are entitled to mint one Crown’s worth of VIVAcoins which can be used for any business purpose.For example, if there are 100 TRs in action and you owned 10 of them, you would have the authority to mint 10% of all the VIVAcoins during that time period.The total number of VIVA Crowns that will ever be created is 42,000.  VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE1 3 
 However, the value of a VIVA Crown goes way beyond just the ability to mint new VIVAcoins.Crown Holders have enormous say in the fundamental operating parameters of the VIVAconomy. In the above example, you would also have 10% of the voting rights for each decision that the VIVA Crown Holders makes.These decisions include establishing the desired price range for VIVAcoins and the actions taken to assure that the currency remains within the desired range.This differs from proof of stake in that all you need to do, to direct the energy of the VIVAconomy towards your goals, is to acquire a handful of Crowns, vs the need to acquire untold millions of a proof of stake coin.    VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE1 4 
   VIVAcoins are the primary currency within the VIVAconomy.VIVA Coins and MintsVIVAcoinsTM are the primary currency within the VIVAconomy. They are also the settlement layer for the VIVA blockchain engine.In the VIVAconomy, VIVAcoins are not mined. Instead, they are minted by an authorized VIVA mint. A mint is the VIVAconomy's equivalent of a mining pool. In our system we don’t use proof of stake, or proof of work. Instead, we utilize “proof of authority” to generate new currency. This authority comes from ownership of a Treasury Right, aka TR.Every Mint must have a Treasury Right to operate and is required to be connected to a business activity to operate. This business will leverage the VIVA network by using and paying for it’s competitively priced infrastructure. The Treasury Right can also be leased out to businesses for an interest payment if the Crown Holder chooses not to run their own business.The reasoning behind this structure is to assure that the VIVAcoin is relatively price stable. It isn’t pegged per se, but it does orbit a value. This value is set by the Crown Holders, and is presently set at $5.30 USD per VIVAcoin.Why $5.30?This figure was selected as a starting value because it is the average amount of money earned per hour by an average person living in a first world economy. It was derived by dividing the average annual household family income by the annual household size and then dividing it by 24 hrs in a day, 7 days a week and 52 weeks in a year.We expect it to stay around this value, but Crown Holders are welcome to change this value to whatever they believe is fair market utilizing their votes. VIVA White Paper - April 3, 2017PAGE1 5 
  vX The World's Most Boring Electronic Cash SystemThe VIVAconomy is not an isolated economy separated from the rest of the world. Quite to the contrary, it is best to think about it as a parallel economy that is tightly linked to rest of the world's financial systems.After all, the entire VIVAconomy would be useless if you can't easily walk in to your neighborhood supermarket and exchange your VIVAcoins for a loaf of bread or a bottle of wine. Remember, money is only as valuable as its ability to be used to purchase goods and services.To achieve this level of utility, the VIVAconomy needs easy ways to connect to the daily lives of all Vivos. For this we rely on vXTM.Simply put, vX are instruments that are always worth X of VIVA.X here can mean anything we can establish a price feed for. vUSD for USD, vMXN for Mexican Pesos, even vXAU for mg’s of gold.While this may sound complicated, the important thing to understand is that if you receive vX, then no matter what the market is doing you will always have your purchasing power. If VIVAcoin climbs in value, you miss out on the appreciation, but if it falls in value you miss out on that as well.A vX is a simple way to park value in an external value store.Technically, vX are demand draft instruments controlling an amount of VIVA equivalent to the current market spot 1:1. They pay a variable interest rate as long as you choose to hold them and like cash, they are completely anonymous.You can send vX to anyone at any time. Every mint can create them when they need to raise funds and every mint must accept them at facevX remain as anonymous as cash, because they are cash.  VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE1 6 
  When a mint publishes a list of active vX notes, anyone may purchase those notes.value, including TradeQwik.But how does vX remain anonymous just like cash?Nothing ever transits the VIVA ledger except VIVAcoin. Mints publish a list of active vX notes that they have issued. These notes contain serial numbers, but the serial numbers are in fact, public key hashes.To facilitate transaction processing, the VIVA network has a built in mail and messaging system. This messaging system is completely anonymous and encrypted, no one except the sender and receiver can see the source, destination or contents of any message unless they specifically release that info.No actor in the network can know the contents of any message. This is valuable because it allows the message system to function as a sealed envelope.When a mint publishes a list of active vX notes, anyone may purchase those notes.The mint then completes the purchase by signing the note with their private key and stapling the corresponding public key to the note.Knowledge of the public key and a copy of the signature is sufficient to establish ownership of the note, so the purchaser can simply open the envelope and send it to another recipient. This can carry on as many times as necessary until someone decides to claim the cash inside.When this occurs they redeem it at their mint. The receiving mint will issue them new vX and redeem the old one from the originating mint.At first glance this would seem to be vulnerable to a double spend attack. There is after all, no chain of custody and each re-mailing increases the risk that some party will try to send to multiple parties.To prevent this, the highest priority message in the network is the “redeem” message.When a person claims their vX with their mint, the mint immediately sends out a high priority “redeemed” message. At this point, everyone in the network knows what mint that currency was redeemed at, but not who redeemed it. They also know what mint the currency was created at, but not who the purchaser is. Furthermore, they have no way of knowing how many hands it has passed through since the list is only published once a week and the mint  VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE1 7 
 will generally send the oldest notes first in order to clear their books of the asset.From this point, the issuing mint broadcasts a “redeem completed” message.This redeem completed signal cancels the old note completely and sets up a liability (a debt) that must be settled at the next block between the two mints. This liability is denominated in VIVAcoin and is spot market at the time of redemption.This gives each mint up to 7 days to settle, but in a healthy ecosystem, this will generally be a wash between the mints as they redeem each other’s vX.For Vivos, what is important to note is that by converting VIVAcoin into vX in their local currency, they are effectively isolating their money from the ups and downs of the VIVAcoin currency market. Their Mastercard debit card, which can be used anywhere Mastercard is accepted, simply subtracts from their vX balance.For people living in countries where the local currency is very volatile, the incentive will be to leave their funds in VIVAcoin, which is inherently more stable, and then convert to vX only when they need to make a withdrawal.Where the local currency is very volatile, the incentive will be to leave their funds in VIVAcoin.   VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE1 8 
   We don’t expect individuals to deal in VIVAcoin ever.The TradeQwik ExchangeTradeQwikTM, is the VIVA network’s own exchange*. *It was designed to allow speculators to make significant profits by trading into and out of VIVA, which helps prevent the coin from being dumped on the open market like almost every other digital currency.The TradeQwik exchange is where the VIVAconomy interacts with the traditional financial system. As such, you can send your vX to your TradeQwik account and cash them out at any VIVA ATM, or just send them to your debit Mastercard and spend them anywhere. You can even use it to pay taxes.So what are the odds we’re going to be able to get Vivos to think in VIVAcoin terms?Precisely zero. Not a chance. Zilch. Nada. And this is just fine.In fact, this is where every single cryptocurrency begins to fall down, even Bitcoin.Every currency, not just cryptocurrency, hopes it will be THE reserve currency that people turn to for their daily transactions. But at the end of the day, money is only worth what you can pay for with it, and the inescapable truth is that governments want you to pay taxes in their local currency. With vX this is easy and transparent.This is the point where the rubber meets the road. People think in terms of dollars, euros, pesos, or whatever is the standard currency in the region where they live. If your taxes are in Euros it doesn’t help you one bit to try and pay it in dollars. Unless you are traveling on vacation, most people never even consider that their money is a variable asset.Many cryptocurrencies dance around this fact.Many have hopes that their currency might become a national or even global currency. This VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE1 9 
 however, is highly unlikely. Political regimes are slow to change, and when they do, it’s much more likely to be to an Ecuadorian situation where they adopt the basic concepts of blockchain technology and crypto currency, but create their own regulated and controlled currency backed by the good faith and credit of their government.This makes perfect sense to all but the most hardened crypto anarchists, yet it’s the place where every other crypto except VIVAcoin drops the ball.VIVA takes a different approach.We don’t expect individuals to deal in VIVAcoin ever unless they so desire. Yes, VIVAcoin is THE only unit of settlement on the VIVA network, and yes it trades and floats relatively freely which is exciting if you’re a speculator.But consider this. If you’re just using it for daily financial transactions, you DO NOT want your money to be exciting! To the contrary, you want it to be nice and boring.You want to know that if you have $1 USD in purchasing power parity today, you will always have $1USD in purchasing power parity, no matter when you decide to go spend it.That is the beauty of the vX instrument we have explained earlier.The Tradeqwik Exchange makes all of these conversions easy and simple. For the advanced currency trader it provides the ability to leverage complex instruments like lending and margins. However, for the normal everyday Vivo it simply facilitates the movement between the VIVAconomy and the rest of the world.Even better, every transaction that occurs on the Tradeqwik Exchange generates value which benefits equitably every member of the VIVAconomy.  VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE2 0 
   Every transaction generates value which benefits equitably every Vivo.The VIVA Liquidity PoolAs explained earlier, when a Vivo signs up to be a member of the VIVAconomy, he or she will be provisioned with two accounts - a VIVA current account and a VIVA liquidity pool account.The VIVA current account is used for immediate spending while the VIVA liquidity pool account is for longterm savings. The sum of all the VIVA liquidity accounts of all Vivos comprises the global VIVA Liquidity Pool.For an economic engine to be successful it must be strong, robust and sustainable over the long haul. The VIVAconomy is designed with four distinct components that work together to achieve this stability and dependability: VIVAcoins, vX, the VIVA Liquidity Pool and VIVA Crowns.The liquidity pool is funded entirely by individual Vivos and acts as the people's voice in the VIVAconomy.All VIVAcoins that are minted in the VIVAconomy are first borrowed from the global liquidity pool.The liquidity pool charges the mints interest for this and maintains a spread between what it charges in interest and what it pays in dividends.This spread is split into three parts:• 50% to liquidity pool participants as a dividend• 25% to the VIVA Awards Committee• 25% to the VIVA Social Media Platform.DividendsThe first 50% of the spread is immediately paid proportionally as a dividend to each Vivo VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE2 1 
 in the liquidity pool. If your account is in compounding mode, this is used to acquire more stake in the pool, otherwise it's credited directly to your current account in your wallet to spend as you wish.The Fundamental Purpose of the VIVA Liquidity PoolIt is important to note that the principle purpose of the VIVA Liquidity Pool is to provide each and every Vivo a longterm financial asset that can guarantee them a sustainable living wage.A Vivo's liquidity pool account can be set to one of two modes: compounding mode and withdrawal mode.When in compounding mode all dividends and awards are used to increase the Vivo's stake in the global liquidity pool. Like a traditional retirement account, this balance is compounded daily and with time will convert itself into a sizable asset.When in withdrawal mode dividends are directly deposited into the Vivo's current account along with a target daily income. This money can and should be spent.For example, our present target is $5.30 per hr. Or 24 VIVAcoins per day.Dividends in retirement mode are paid first and then your account is drawn by the remainder.In this way you always have an income you can rely on and basically everyone sees about the same amount daily for life if they've been compounding for 10 years or more.If the dividends exceed the target then they are used to buy back into the LP to offset future dry spells.This target amount is set once a week by Crown Holders.This works out to about $127.20 per day and you get this so long as you are active in the system and it pays daily until your liquidity pool balance is too low to support you anymore.The reason for using this system is to give Vivos a useful amount of money daily without making anyone uber rich. Also it dramatically reduces any incentive for hoarding since 10 years of daily compounding on a couple of dollars daily should net about a 30 year draw down.This works out to $3862/mo or $46.3k annually.It is important to note that no one can instantly cash out their stake in the liquidity pool. This rule makes sure that the overall stability of the VIVAconomy is secure and that no single player or group of players can undermine the viability of the entire system.  VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE2 2 
   The VIVA Award Pool and Award RightsThe second 25% of the interest spread that is paid when a mint creates VIVAcoins is deposited into the VIVA Awards Pool which is administered by the VIVA Awards Committee. This committee's function is to make grants to individuals and causes that will benefit the most. The award goes directly into the individual's pool account and like all pool funds, it pays dividends for life.This could easily be a life changing amount of money.Every 90 days, Crown Holders can perform these actions for each Crown they own:1. Sell (rent out) a Treasury Right (TR) to a mint, or sink a TR into the liquidity pool (thereby purchasing additional ownership stake in the pool).2. Give an Award Right (AR) to any VIVA user.TRs and ARs can be used independently of each other, and mixed in whatever measure is desired depending on how many Crowns you have. For example, if a Crown Holder has 10 Crowns, she could choose to rent out 3 TRs, deposit 7 TRs in the liquidity pool, and issue 4 ARs to deserving users, all for the same 90 day period (not all ARs have to be used).You are already familiar with TRs, but we haven't yet discussed Award Rights.Like TRs, an AR is good for a 90 day period and then it expires, allowing you to issue another one. The purpose of ARs is to allow Crown Holders to award people a potentially life changing amount of money, above and beyond what simplevoting can accomplish.  VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE2 3 
 Is there an aspiring musician you just know would take off, if she could just stop working 80 hours a week as a waitress? Is there an artist you believe has the potential to be the next Picasso? By issuing them an AR, and letting other Crown Holders know so they can also issue ARs, the beneficiary receives a jumpstart on escaping the daily grind in order to pursue his or her true passions.Sounds great in theory, but how does it work in practice? This is where the VIVA Awards Pool comes into play.As mentioned above, 25% of minting fees plus all unused daily votes go to the awards pool, which stores them as vUSD. This vUSD is allowed to accumulate over a 90 day period. At the end of the 90 days, the pool is drained and all the vUSD is converted back into an equivalent amount of VIVAcoins and is distributed proportionally in the form of liquidity pool stake to everyone who was granted an AR during that particular 90 day period.Then another 90 day period begins, with the awards pool balance reset back to 0.Note that at no time is the market being flooded with extra VIVAcoins. All the coins in this process are destroyed in the liquidity pool and only pool ownership is affected accordingly.The recipients of the ARs will then be able to claim dividends for life in the usual manner, based on their awarded liquidity pool stake.Awards for each 90 day period are granted in a proportional fashion depending on how many ARs an individual was granted during that period vs. the total number of ARs granted by Crown Holders.For example, imagine that during a particular period, 500,000 vUSD accumulates in the awards pool, and Crown Holders issue 100 ARs. Susie Soccermom, a single mother with 2 kids, struggles to make ends meet and runs a worker node for a business to generate some extra income on the side. She's also an aspiring science blogger, but doesn't have enough time to write frequently.Some of her friends, who are also the Crown Holders that introduced her to VIVA in the first place, decide to help her out. Collectively they issue her 5 ARs.As a total of 100 ARs have been granted for this period, each AR is worth 1% of the awards pool which is 500,000 vUSD. Thus, Susie's stake in the liquidity pool will increase byVIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE2 4   
  Crown Holders have the right to grant award rights.$25,000 worth of VIVAcoins, giving her quite a boost in future dividends.With the extra money she doesn't have to work as much and can concentrate on her dream of becoming a professional writer.There are a few more subtle details to take note of:1.Awards issued via ARs are capped at a maximum of 1% ownership of the liquidity pool, to prevent ownership from becoming unbalanced.2.If a 90 day period ends with no ARs being issued, the ending balance of vUSD in the awards pool gets rolled over to the next 90 day period (the awards continue to build up until there is at least one person to claim them).3.The cutoff for issuing ARs is 7 days before the end of the awards period. This means people can't game the system by sneaking in ARs at the last minute.4.If a Crown is currently in debt to the liquidity pool due to negative interest, then the Crown Holder cannot issue any ARs. However, a Crown Holder with negative stake can still be an awards recipient; in this case the award received will first be used to pay off the debt to the liquidity pool and boost the recipient's stake into positive territory again.What if I'm too busy to find worthy AR candidates?A Crown Holder can designate any VIVA user as a proxy to hand out your ARs for you.It's easy to imagine a whole cottage industry springing up, centered around professional philanthropic scouts dedicated to searching out & vetting candidates for awards on behalf of the Crown Holders.It is also important to note that by crediting a recipient's liquidity pool account, it gives the recipient an incentive to remain in the VIVAconomy. Award recipients see their stake in the liquidity pool grow. VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE2 5 
  The VIVA Paid Social Media PlatformThe third and final 25% of the interest payment spread is used to fund the creative and fun part of the VIVAconomy, the VIVA Paid Social Media Platform.This is where the party happens!On this platform Vivos create and publish content like articles, videos, poetry, music, memes, films, art, novels, and even science experiments. Vivos vote for content and other Vivos that they like. And the really cool part? Each vote you receive is worth exactly 1 vUSD = $1!You can earn from votes indefinitely, you never age out of the system, and people can vote for you as many times as they care to.The VIVA Social Media Platform, however, is much more than just a content creation and sharing platform. Vivos can vote for and reward business activities as well. Are you an entrepreneur, business owner, or charity organization? The VIVA network will allow you to be rewarded through votes for the positive contribution you make in the world!The number of votes you get to *give* each day depends on your slice of the global liquidity pool and how much 25% of the spread amounts to for the day. This will be calculated daily and displayed in your account dashboard.Voting is similar in concept to the way you vote for posts on Steemit to award post authors a chunk of the daily Steem rewards allotment. But there are some key differences.First, on Steemit users vote on specific pieces of content, whereas on the VIVA platform votes are awarded to individual Vivos instead. This means that you are able to vote for the totalityVoting allows you to altruistically reward other Vivos.  VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE2 6 
  Value in the VIVAconomy is ever wasted.of a Vivo's contributions to society instead of just specific pieces of content.Second, on the VIVA platform each vote is deposited daily into the Vivo's liquidity pool account, increasing their stake in the overall VIVAconomy.Third, on Steemit users can vote as often as they like (with diminishing effect for voting too frequently), while on the VIVA Platform Vivos have a fixed number of votes per day, which is determined by how much stake they have in the liquidity pool.Fourth, on our platform each vote has the same dollar value, which is set by the Crown Holders, instead of depending on the past history of engagement.Voting on the VIVA Platform is a mechanism by which you can reward other Vivos for any actions that you deem worthwhile. And since you are voting for people, not specific content, applicability of votes is much more general than Steemit.Do you know someone who produces wonderful videos on YouTube, runs a particularly reliable worker node for a business, or helps provide liquidity to thin markets on TradeQwik? Then toss a vote their way and show them their efforts are appreciated!There will even be a VIVA browser plug-in so that when you vote for a post on Steemit, you also vote for that user in VIVA if they have registered their Steemit identity with VIVA. It's easy to imagine similar plug-ins being developed for other social sites such as YouTube, Reddit, etc.A few important points:All votes contribute to a user's liquidity pool account, meaning that votes increase a person's percentage ownership of the liquidity pool rather than being paid out directly in VIVA coins.Votes are use-it-or-lose it. If you have 5 available votes per day and only use 3 of them, then the 2 unused votes don't carry over to the next day.However, nothing in VIVA is wasted.Those 2 unused votes leftover at the end of the day are sent to the awards pool and will be distributed in the next awards distribution.When was the last time you were paid on Facebook for your time and creative efforts?Each and every day in the VIVAconomy, you have an opportunity to earn dividends in three powerful ways: from your liquidity account, from votes you receive from your peersand from the awards committee!  VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE2 7 
  Worker Nodes & The VIVA Computational NetworkWe all know money is power, and power is money. With Airbnb, we were able to monetize our houses. With Uber, we were able to monetize our cars. Now with VIVA you can monetize your computer!When you agree to cede unused computing resources from your computer to the VIVA network, you are converting your computer into a worker node. You can think of it as using your computer as an employee that you put to work. All worker nodes receive their pay directly into their VIVA liquidity pool account.The VIVAconomy is a new economic engine that has been designed to put power back into the hands of the people worldwide. Power over their money, power over their economy, and most importantly power over their lives and destinies.All of this power is easily harvested by utilizing the collective power of our computers.By simply adding a lightweight, backgrounded, and isolated application to your computer, you have just turned it into an employee in the VIVAconomy that constantly earns you money. The application is isolated in its own container (separated away from your personal data) and only utilizes unused computing resources to solve complex calculations on the VIVA network, paying you for your contributions.When your computer is idle (or mostly idle from normal use), there is a lot of wasted processing power that never gets used. The VIVA network takes advantage of the unused resources on your computer and puts it to work solving complex calculations, processing transactions, and providing services to the VIVAconomy.As easy and simple as this may sound, at the same time you become aaWith VIVA you can monetize your computer!  VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE2 8 
 hero. You are now part of creating the very thing that will give power back to the people - their own economic engine.This is the simplest way for you to become a part of VIVA.For most people to earn and spend a dollar, knowledge of the entire Federal Reserve and central banking system is unnecessary, and the fact that they can earn and spend the money is all that matters.When you register your computer into the VIVAconomy, you will be given an electronic wallet with two accounts: one for immediate spending, and another account linked to the VIVA liquidity pool. (The liquidity pool is a lifetime retirement account that pays daily dividends.)Once you are setup in VIVA, your computer will signal to the network that it is available to complete tasks. These tasks include retrieving data, storing data, and networking between computers. (Remember, this is all done in the background with no effort on your part.)On the VIVA network, “Mints” will announce a task that needs to be processed. If your computer is available to complete tasks on the network, those mints can utilize your spare computing resources and will automatically deposit VIVAcoins into your wallet for each task completed.To simplify and keep things streamlined, all transactions within the system are done in VIVAcoins.When you are ready to spend your money, the VIVA ecosystem makes it easy.By allowing you to send money, purchase goods and services, etc. instantly from your VIVA wallet, transitioning your VIVAcoins into the traditional economy is fast and easy.First of all, VIVAcoins can be transferred to any individual or business on the VIVA network. Need to send or receive payments in another currency? You can easily convert VIVAcoins to almost any other form of currency right within your wallet via a built in exchange feature called TradeQwik. From there, you can also load a VIVA issued Mastercard debit card and spend your money anywhere Mastercards are accepted.You can also access your electronic wallet directly at VIVA enabled ATM’s worldwide!  VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE2 9 
  VIVA ATM and Remittance NetworkThe VIVAconomy does not intend to substitute the traditional economy. Our goal is not to replace existing fiat or crypto currencies. Instead, we work to build a streamlined, sustainable parallel economy that makes life easier for every Vivo on the planet.For this reason, we have always understood that the gateways between the VIVAconomy and the traditional economy are essential to our success.While the TradeQwik exchange is our first and primary gateway, we harbor no delusions about the general public being interested in a currency exchange system. After all, most people want to use money to buy goods and services like bread and doctor's appointments. Exchanging currencies is normally a seldom used process when you're traveling abroad.However, one group of normal citizens do, in fact, come into contact with foreign currency exchange rates on a regular basis: immigrants living abroad who help sustain their families back home.Often these people live and work on the bottom rungs of the social ladder and are forced to pay through the nose for a simple financial service. Companies like Western Union and Moneygram charge exorbitant fees precisely because these populations of people have little or no recourse.The VIVA ATM and Remittance network solves this problem in a uniquely powerful manner.In the traditional financial system there are three steps in this process where the consumer pays:  VIVA White Paper - April 3, 2017PAGE3 0 
 1.2.3.Converting the payee's currency into the local currency back home.Transporting the funds from the payee's country to the receiver's country.Withdrawing the funds in the receiver's country. The VIVAconomy not only reduces all three, but it does so in a way that benefits both the payee and the receiver as well as the entire VIVAconomy!Thanks to the second tier vX digital currency in the VIVAconomy, the payee can simply convert his VIVAcoins into the payee's currency within his or her own wallet. While this transaction actually occurs on the TradeQwik Exchange, it is transparent to the user and the fees are minimal. Even more importantly, once converted there is no risk to either party regarding the value. For example, $100 vUSD will always be worth exactly $100 USD.Since the VIVAconomy is a truly global economy, there is no difference between moving funds between people located across the room or across the globe. In both cases it just a simple transaction between wallets. For those needing to send funds to family members back home, this is a huge benefit.Finally, the receiver must be able to easily and affordably withdraw the funds.To solve this final hurdle in the process, the VIVAconomy provides two remarkable resources that no other cryptocurrency has resolved so simply:1. A network of ATM machines2. Connected Mastercard debit cardsFor over twelve months, the VIVA organization has been successfully operating two cryptocurrency ATM machines in the Tijuana region of Mexico. Using our own software stack these ATM machines are capable of operating with any currencies available on the TradeQwik Exchange.They can also both accept and dispense Mexican Pesos.Over the first twelve months after the VIVA Crown ICO, we will be rolling out a network of 1000 VIVA ATMs around the world.The second way a receiver can withdraw funds is to connect the vX balance in their local fiat currency of their VIVA wallet to a Mastercard debit card.We have already secured an agreement with a reliable Mastercard provider that allows us to provide Mastercard debitvX can be withdrawn with an industry standard Mastercard.We already have 2 VIVA ATM machines functioning in Mexico.   VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE3 1 
 cards that can be used anywhere Mastercard is accepted.This means that the receiver can use his or her funds in millions of online and offline merchants at no additional costs!Clearly, the VIVA ATM and Remittance network will be hugely disruptive for companies in the financial sector that have basically been scamming the most vulnerable populations in our society for decades.   VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE3 2 
  VIVA Blockchain TechnologyThe technological underpinnings of the VIVAconomy are, by necessity, far more complex than those of a traditional cryptocurrency.Not only does the ecosystem include three interrelated currencies, “VIVA Crowns” (VC), vX (vUSD, vEUR, etc) and “VIVA Coins” (VIVA).The economy's prime mover is TradeQwik - a fully functional multi-currency online exchange. An entire software suite engineered to provide seamless functioning of the VIVAconomy via effortless on/off ramping, and exchanging between the ecash world and the “real world”.To accomplish this the VIVA team has built our base from a foundation utilizing some of the world's most innovative blockchain technologies, then raising the bar by an entire order of magnitude.Core functionality of the VIVAconomy is derived from the open source “Hyperledger Fabric”, we have innovated significantly over their architecture to the point where it is effectively it's own project.UltraLedger, began with a fork of the Hyperledger Fabric codebase, and incorporates the ability to perform seamless n- dimensional, on-chain graphing. In fact, using the term blockchain doesn't accurately reflect the VIVA architecture at this point. It's more akin to an infinitely expandable graph database with the same cryptographic guarantees provided by more traditional blockchains, we just got rid of the drawbacks, by rethinking problems such as Byzantine Fault Tolerance.With UltraLedger, there isn't a single canonical blockchain. Instead, there is a mutual agreement of summaries. Simply put,UltraLedger is a fork of the Hyperledger Fabric codebase.  UltraLedger is a data graph of immutable timestamped records. VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE3 3 
 the order of transactions isn't held in as high a regard as the fact that all balances work out correctly in the end.Unlike every other blockchain technology out there, so called forking isn't considered a bad thing. In fact, forks under UltraLedger are not only normal, but expected. Forks are just the blockchain evolving in different places at different times.UltraLedger is actually a data graph of immutable timestamped records. This is important to keep in mind. It's an n- dimensional graph, not a chain and not a directed acyclical graph (DAG).Our graph is capable of efficiently searching across an arbitrary number of dimensions, because each data point is considered an atom of information in and of itself located within an n dimensional matrix. Attributes can be added and removed arbitrarily according to business needs, thereby providing arbitrary soft links between datapoints.In this regard a complete blockchain can be thought of as a large molecule like DNA or RNA whereas UltraLedger itself may be thought of as a complex organism made up of many different cells each with their own DNA.To better understand this we first need to establish some terminology:Our graph is capable of efficiently searching across an arbitrary number of dimensions. 1.2. 3.Channel: an isolated channel of communications. Each channel has its own rules and and can form its own blockchain.Stream: a stream of data generated by the mixing of channels.Fault Tolerance: the ability for the network to compensate when there is a lack of consensus. In the VIVAconomy the penalty for polluting the primary VIVA consensus stream with non-consensus data is severe enough to prevent it, but it's always majority consensus and the only players in that stream are the mints themselves. For all other streams, consensus is a by product of business logic of the stream creator and it is up to the players in those channels to determine for themselves if consensus is important and even what constitutes consensus on a given stream.The default block rate is 1 second per block and all messages are valid if signed by someone who has submitted a public key to the PKI stream. To compress this, only non-empty blocks are ever stored in a channel.Within the VIVAconomy there is a single channel "per coin", anda complementary channel "per pair". Orders are placed in the "per VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE3 4Within the VIVAconomy there is a single channel per coin.  
  UltraLedger does not require huge computing resources to maintainpair" channel, and gateways (such as the TradeQwik Exchange) deal in the "per coin" channels.Each of these channels is its own blockchain with its own rules. Gateways make the interaction between channels simple and seamless.TradeQwik is the first gateway, and its exchange logic isbeing ported to UltraLedger and will thus be utilizable by itself. anyone wishing to develop a new gateway into the Direct access to our developers is open to all VIVA Crown Holders.VIVAconomy.One of the primary handicaps that other cryptocurrencies like bitcoin have suffered under is the enormous computing resources necessary to maintain themselves.The multi-dimensional architecture of the VIVAconomy together with the power of a true graph database, resolve this fundamental problem. Worker nodes are able to assume small atomic work transactions that don't require knowledge of the entire universe of work.This allows us to offload these atomic units of work into partitioned workspaces of individual computers / miners. Thus, everyone in the economy benefits without the need to purchase, manage and administer huge server farms and complex installations.Our technological architecture is an engine that provides the power for our primary goals in society - providing a stable economy to all, a solid infrastructure for businesses to build on and a lifetime “living income” to all Vivos (people who utilize VIVA in their daily lives).If you are interested in a more in depth look into the technological underpinnings of the VIVAconomy, direct access to our team of developers is open to all VIVA Crown Holders. VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE3 5 
  VIVA Business ApplicationsIn order for the VIVAconomy to become a viable mainstream parallel economy, it is essential that it be closely coupled with the traditional financial system.To achieve this, our plan is to leverage the power of our blockchain technology applying it to provide real world business solutions.While many of these projects are still in their infancy, the plan is to create multiple scalable points of entry into the VIVAconomy for businesses of all types and sizes.From simple payment processing to complex enterprise level document processing systems, the power of the VIVA blockchain technology will drive on-boarding into the VIVAconomy.For example, by implementing a globally transparent system for registering and tracking university course credits, we would be providing a unique and powerful solution to institutions of higher education around the world. We would also naturally be on- boarding millions of students into the VIVAconomy at the same time.In a similar fashion, if we were to develop a system that facilitates processing online payments for e-commerce providers at a lower rate than is currently available, we would not only lower costs for businesses but increase the number of people transacting directly in VIVAcoins.These types of applications are what we have named VIVA Business Applications. We currently have a roadmap of seventeen groundbreaking applications that would benefit from the use of our technology while simultaneously growth hacking our path towards mainstream acceptance.One of these applications, MedicAxess, is already in its testing phase and is scheduled to go live in the fourth quarter of 2017.VIVA Business Applications will drive transactions and user acquisition.  VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE3 6 
  Real World Case Study - MedicAxessAt this time there are already several businesses who have signed up to utilize the VIVA network.A real world example of this is MedicAxess, a HIPAA compliant Electronic Health Records (EHR) and remote tele-medicine system.MedicAxess sells EHR software and services to medical providers such as Doctors and Hospitals. EHR is a hugely lucrative business, and this software would be out of reach for most small providers. MedicAxess sells their services on a consumption based model that has fees far lower than would otherwise be possible. Nevertheless, providers MUST pay for access, and when they do, they must pay in either VIVAcoin or fiat.As a value added service, MedicAxess has set up a gateway that allows the providers to accept payment from patients in either VIVAcoin or fiat. Patients can earn VIVAcoin simply by running a small piece of software that connects their home computer to the “MedicAxess network”, a task specific subset of the VIVA network (every mint operates on their own specific network subset).Once they are connected, users can provide services to their hospital or doctor. In this way, patients can offset their real world medical bills by using their spare computing resources to earn VIVAcoin.This is just a single business application for the VIVAconomy, it’s real and it’s being built right now and it will be a billion dollar organization.MedicAxess is an existing Crown Holder and their mint is slated to come online in the fourth quarter of 2017.MedicAxess is the first VIVA Business Application. VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE3 7 
  How we will use the fundsVIVA is a lifetime project for all of us. We genuinely believe that we can have a significant positive impact on millions of lives around the globe. This is how we commit ourselves to using the funds we raise.Core VIVAconomy DevelopmentObviously the first order of business is to bring to bear the necessary resources for building out the remaining infrastructure that is needed to make the VIVAconomy fully functional.Outreach and MainstreamingIn parallel as we release new functionalities, we will be launching ongoing outreach campaigns to help drive the on-boarding of Vivos and businesses that will accept VIVAcoin.VIVA Business Application Development GrantsWith over half a century of real-world experience under our belts, we fully understand the danger of becoming overextended.For this reason, we have decided to implement a series of VIVA Business Application Grants that will help finance talented groups of blockchain developers all over the world to develop commercially viable business applications that extend the reach of the VIVAconomy.These independent teams of engineers will not only gain direct access to the experience and wisdom of the core VIVA architects, but we will also collaborate in their promotion and rollout as the applications go live.These grants are one way that we wish to show gratitude to the amazing cryptocurrency community that we are so proud to be a part of.VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE3 8  
  The VIVA TeamA project as serious and ambitious as VIVA requires a solid team in order to succeed. While primarily a technological endeavor, we understand that we can only achieve our goal of providing longterm recurring income to millions of Vivos through a concerted effort on all fronts.For this reason, we have assembled a world class team of four founders supported by an extensive community of VIVA enthusiasts. After the ICO we will be expanding the team to assure the longterm viability of the VIVAconomy.Below is a summary of our core leadership team:Dawn Parker Waites is our CEO and mama bear of the team. She has a long background in business including the property management, mortgage, and sustainability industries. She has been involved in political and technology think tanks since the late 90s and has taught at San Diego State University in the Green Energy Management program. She published a respected online news portal, San Diego Loves Green, that was bought by a public company in 2012. Dawn has been a thought leader and political activist in Southern California, and was an organizer in the Occupy Wall Street movement in California.Alec Hahn is our COO and oversees our Mexican and European operations. Alec is the spirit of the team and since early 2010, has been involved with Bitcoin. He has worked with several Blockchain technologies including Bitcoin42 and BitHalo. His work as a media designer has been commissioned and displayed at the Museum of London, Deutsches Museum in Munich and Cineteca Nacional in Mexico City. Alec has written, directed, produced, photographed and edited various short films that took him to film festivals around the world. As a freelancer he worked for the Rachel Carson Center in Munich. Alec also is a co-founder of Earthivism, a non-profitVIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE3 9    
  organization that produces Imperfectu: International Film and Gender Studies Festival in Tijuana with his wife Josephina.Dennis H. Lewis is our CMO and is a serial entrepreneur and self-proclaimed digital storyteller. An author of three books, he has an uncanny knack of being able to distill complex technologies and explain them in ways that are fun and approachable. Over his extensive career he has lead startups both in Europe and the United States and currently runs a successful digital marketing firm in Orlando, FL. He has been featured on mainstream media outlets like The New York Times, Good Morning America and the BBC.William Banks is our CTO and mastermind / architect. Mr Banks has an MBA with an emphasis on IT Management as well as a Bachelor's in Computer Science. He's been heavily involved in infotech in general and fin-tech in particular for the past two decades. William began his professional career with the US Navy where he worked with cryptography and security extensively. Since his time in the Navy, William has worked as an IT consultant and systems architect for several of the top Fortune 500 companies. Eventually leaving corporate America to take the lead on several open source projects including this one.We believe that the injustices and inequalities in our society are largely the fruit of a powerful cartel of greedy financiers determined to protect the archaic structures of a financial system implemented largely in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. The time has come for a new paradigm. The time has come for VIVA.   VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE4 0 
  VIVA ICO Terms & ConditionsThe token to be sold as part of the ICO will be 6,500 VIVA Crowns.VIVA Crowns are the drivers of the VIVAconomy. Unlike other tokens and coins, VIVA Crowns are incredibly scarce and hold great power that cannot be usurped. There will only be a maximum of 42,000 VIVA Crowns in circulation after the ICO, and this target will take hundreds of years to reach since only one Crown is created each week.Each VIVA Crown holds a Treasury Right to mint a set supply of VIVAcoins each week that is determined by the consensus of all Crown Holders. So, by purchasing a VIVA Crown, you are purchasing the ability to create a Treasury Right, basically a license to print an allocated amount of VIVAcoins each week. This Treasury Right can be assigned, rented or sold to a mint of your choice.Every mint is required to be connected to a business activity, which will leverage the VIVA network by using and paying for it’s competitively priced infrastructure. The Treasury Right can also be leased out to businesses for an interest payment if the Crown Holder chooses not to run their own business.The ICO will commence at 12.00 EST on May 1st and run until May 20th, or when all of the available tokens have been sold, whichever comes first.Each VIVA Crown coin will be available for purchase through the TradeQwik Exchange.Each VIVA Crown will be available for purchase at 188.679 VIVAcoins.  VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE4 1 
  VIVA GlossaryVIVAconomy: The complete VIVA ecosystem. The VIVAconomy is a complete parallel economy tightly linked to the world's traditional financial system.VIVA Crown: The VIVAconomy's Tier-1 digital currency. VIVA Crowns are highly scarce and come with voting rights as VIVA Crown Holders deciding issues like quarterly Treasury Rights.Vx: A financial instrument that represents an amount of VIVAcoin that equals 1 unit X. For example, a vUSD is worth the number of VIVAcoins equivalent to $1 USD at the time of its redemption. These are used to guarantee a Vivo's purchasing power outside of the VIVAconomy.VIVAcoin: The VIVAconomy's primary digital currency. VIVAcoin is the base token used to settle all transactions in the VIVAconomy.Vivo: An individual participant in the VIVAconomy.Crown Holder: A Vivo who possesses at least 1 VIVA Crown - has one vote in the VIVA Crown Steering Committee (regardless of number of crowns he or she possesses).Treasury Rights (TRs): The right to mint an established amount of VIVAcoins. This right can be used, assigned or rented out to another Vivo.VIVA blockchain engine: The underlying blockchain ledger that tracks each and every transaction that occurs in the VIVAconomy.VIVA UltraLedger: the actual blockchain technology software stack. It is a fork branched off of the Hyper Ledger Fabric platform.VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE4 2  
 VIVA mint: A business that executes a Treasury Right on behalf of one or more Crown Holders. The mint pays an interest fee to the Liquidity Pool for every VIVAcoin that it mints.VIVA network: The computational network that offers processing, storage and networking services to businesses in exchange for VIVAcoin.VIVA wallet: A computer program that allows Vivos to store and exchange VIVAcoins and manage their participation in the VIVAconomy.VIVA current account: An account tracked inside a Vivo's wallet that tracks the VIVAcoins that he or she can spend. This is analogous to a checking account.VIVA liquidity pool account: An account tracked inside a Vivo's wallet that tracks his or her stake in the global VIVA Liquidity Pool. This is analogous to a longterm retirement account.VIVA Liquidity Pool: A global longterm asset that belongs to all Vivos. This financial asset assures the longterm stability of the VIVAconomy.VIVA Award Pool: A pool of VIVAcoin that is eligible to be awarded to any Vivo quarterly. It is distributed into the liquidity pool accounts of the recipients proportionally based on the number of Award Rights granted during that quarter.AR: The right to receive a proportional amount of the quarterly VIVA Award Pool. Each Crown Holder in good standing has the right to award a specific number of ARs each quarter.TradeQwik Exchange: the first and primary gateway between the VIVAconomy and the traditional financial system. It serves as a realtime currency exchange between VIVAcoins and both fiat and crypto currencies. VIVAWhitePaper-April3,2017 PAGE4 3 
  VIVA White Paper - April 3, 2017www.vivaco.in
