The other week I got the chance to sample some 4-ho-mipt. This session was just to sample it, get a feel for it and see if it was worth doing more of. I also like doing DMT combs on some of my trips so I wanted to see how n,nDMT and 5-meo-dmt would go with this chemical. 

I went with 15mgs dissolved in a shot of warm water and drank it. I went and laid down and waited for the affects to come about.  I notice a slight feeling around 15min and within 45 min I was at a good level and a peck at about an hour. 

This stuff reminds me a lot of psilocybin mushrooms. I feel like I ate mushrooms but much more clear headspace, cleaner body feel and no yawns, but very similar overall feel. I had light visuals and a very good body high. I relaxed for a while and explored my headspace and did some yoga; I got the feeling I could go deep at higher doses. I started to notice some anxiety, the same kind I get on mushrooms, nothing big but it made me wonder how it would be on a big dose. 

About an hour after the peak I started to feel the peak go down a bit so I wanted to try some n,nDMT. I put 15mgs in the pipe this is usually enough to give me a good buzz and see some visuals (a mild dose).  I took it in a hit held it for long as I could and exhaled. I layed down and waited for it to kick in. After a couple of moments I felt it come on but in a bad way, it was giving me a bad uncomfortable feeling as it was coming on. I was thinking this sucks because I was feeling so good before that. I started to see ugly red and orange visuals, small Xs and shapes everywhere with a shitty feeling. After I felt it peak I sat up and moved around to try to get it out of my system faster. I had a interesting headspace awareness after the visuals left, it would have been cool if the feeling wasn't so shitty. The DMT was wearing off but I couldn't return to my former nice 4-ho-mipt feeling, it was warped into a different one. 

After about another 15min I wanted to try the 5-meo-dmt. I was hoping this would put me in a new space (5-meo-dmt has gone good with everything I tried). I put 8mgs in the pipe and took a hit. I laid down and waited for it to kick in. Magic! I have never been able to describe 5-meo-dmt but it went so well with the 4-ho-mipt. I enjoyed my buzz for a while and got up drank some juice and relaxed. After a bit I ate some food and was back to normal.

Conclusion: it was a good trial, I like the 4-ho-mipt it has a good body feel and it seems like it has some depth; I feel it is worth exploring further. I am going to up my doses slowly until I get a feel for the anxiety it gave me a hint of. The n,nDMT did not go with it at all! I felt like it messed up my trip on the 4-ho-mipt. But that's OK, this was just a trial to feel it out and now I know. The 5-meo-dmt with the 4-ho-mipt was magic, a timeless moment in a synchronized universe.

Good comb and a bad comb.