This report is about my first experience with the drug Crystal Methamphetamine. I had been a fan of ritalin, adorol, and dexadrine, which are some over the counter 'upper' type medications used to treat attention deficit disorder (ADD or ADHD)... They worked great for me when I snorted them; they sped me up, increased my concentration, and helped me through school... Well my dad was a fan of Crystal Methamphetamine, and had been for several years. It was my best friend at-the-time, Rob's, birthday, which falls in the spring. It was about 12 noon, and we were in my room watching TV trying to figure out how to get a bag of weed to smoke on his birthday, since we both had no money... My dad overheard us, and decided to give us our first try of crystal. 

He gave us a bag with about 3/4 of a gram in it, and a bullet to snort with (for those of you who are unfamiliar with a bullet, it's a small device with a cylindrical container attached to it.. you fill the container with your powder substance, flip the chamber in the upper part down toward the powder, flip the bullet upside down and tap on it to fill the chamber, then flip the chamber up so it's facing the top of the device where there is an opening.. and then you put the opening to your nostril and inhale and it gives you a metered dose about the size of a flake of fishfood.. which may not seem much, but if you have good shit two bumps out of it is all you need to get going)... He showed us how to use it.. Rob went first, he took the first bump in his right nostril.. A split second after he breathed the powder in, his eyes erupted like a water faucet from the burn.. which only lasted about 20 seconds.. then he took one in the other nostril... and passed the bullet to me.. then it was my turn.. I took my first bump.. and a split second after it went up my nose, I got this unbelievable burn like I had never felt before.. and it made my eyes burn and water.. it felt kind of like when you cut really really strong onions... except there was the burning sensation in my nose with it... I have extremely bad sinus problems, but after that I noticed I was able to breathe easier (hey, it's a decongestant too! LOL).. I took a bump in each nostril.. the next thing I know I got this rush that felt like I was being given some kind of supernatural power.. and a slight tingling sensation 'below the belt'... 

Rob and I proceeded to do 2 more bumps each out of the bullet. After those kicked in (which took about 30 seconds to a minute after snorting it) I felt this incredible feeling.. like I was king of the world, and I could do anything I wanted.. I also noticed my jaw was clenching which started to make my teeth hurt after a while.. and my head would do these ticks almost like someone with turrets syndrome would do (but not quite as noticeable).. Then the overwhelming urge to smoke hit... We hung around my house for about a half an hour, in which time I managed to finish off about 4 cigarettes .. I noticed also that I was completely focused on everything I tried to do.. and I could move quicker than normal and I was more agile in my movements.. Everything around me seemed to slow down, like I was moving and talking faster than anything else.. except it seemed, of course, that Rob was on the same level as me hehe... 

Anyway, after that, we decided to go out and do something because we couldn't sit still.. just sitting down for that half an hour felt like a week had passed... and we had gone through about a weeks worth of conversation, too :P It made both of us really agreeable, we just agreed with each other.. we didn't argue over anything or whatever.. we were just laid back as far as our attitudes.. but at the same time it felt like if anyone messed with me.. I could kill them without a second thought.. It also felt kind of like everything was coming toward me in a way, like I was the center of the universe... so we left my apartment.. And decided to go to a mountain near my place with lots of hiking trails... Rob let me drive his car, which was funny because I was only 15 at the time and had no drivers license.. On the way, we stopped and bought 2 cartons of cigarettes.. And of course took another couple bumps each.. 

When we got to the mountain, we decided to bypass the hiking trails and climb straight up the rock face with no safety harnesses.. which was also odd because I am afraid of heights.. but no, not when I'm on crystal :P... I still have a scar on my leg from where I slammed it into a rock.. and I didn't even feel it at the time, I just had this attitude like 'whatever, I have to get to the top.. I have to climb!'... Anyway, we finished the bag by 1 in the morning.. both of us had tried to eat, but the mere thought of food made us sick to our stomachs.. I managed to force down about half a hot dog, and almost had it returned to me via airmail :P.. We took the last of the crystal at about 1 in the morning... and we had finished both cartons of cigarettes by 10 in the morning.. and we were still wide awake.. we felt tired and drained physically.. but our minds were still racing on strong.. finally at 6 that night we were able to get to sleep.. 3/4 of a gram between two people had kept us awake for about 30 hours.. and we still had to force ourselves to sleep then.. We both felt like complete shit by the time we went to bed, but it was well worth the experience... 

Suffice it to say.. After that, those little prescription drugs never felt the same.. Since then, I've become a hardcore speed freak.. My father quit doing it because he was mainlining it (or shooting it up for those of you who don't know what that means)... And shooting it up caused him serious health problems.. And now I have to smoke crystal because I've burned a hole in my nose and I get nose bleeds all the time, even if I don't snort anything... So, those of you thinking of trying it.. if you like to fly and be sped up, and have an awesome time.. and you like a drug to last a long time.. crystal will probably be the best thing you can do and the longest lasting.. but keep in mind, it's got it's physical drawbacks with long term abuse... and also make sure you get the pure stuff.. it should be a sort of white powder.. or little white rocks that crush up very easily when touched.. and if you crush it with paper over top, it should leave a little bit of oily residue where it touched the paper.. not much, but a little bit [Erowid Note : Meth can be, but is not always oily].. and it's EXTREMELY bitter... more so than anything I've ever tasted in my life.. if someone is trying to sell you a tan colored or red colored or blue colored meth.. it's either not real shit, or it's been cut to hell and back.. the most common cut is baby laxative, which has no distinct smell or taste when mixed with crystal methamphetamine... And that's about all I can think to put in this report.. I'm jacked right now, so this is an example of how it makes you ramble on and on LOL... I hope I gave some insight to those of you who have been thinking about trying the drug.. and to those of you who have just gotten into it real bad and haven't learned of the consequences of it's abuse... take care, and be safe.