I have been experimenting with various drugs for about 13 years.  Most of the drugs I have used in the past were illicit, or 'street' drugs.  I have had very little experience with pharmaceuticals.  A few months ago, I was prescribed Darvon for a back injury.  I took the medication as indicated and noticed a slight degree of euphoria, the basic opiate 'life is cool' feeling.   Having injected various drugs in the past, I was interested in finding out if Darvon would be a candidate for recreational IV use. I must advise that this particular drug was propoxyphene ONLY.  There was no NSAID combination.  Injecting aspirin can be dangerous, so it was important for me to weigh the risks prior to my experimentation.

I did some reading on propoxyphene and learned that it was freely soluable in water.  Since this is in capsule form, not pill form, there are few fillers (fillers can cause damage to the body when injected).  At this point, I was comfortable enough to try mainlining Darvon Simple. First, I emptied 2 capsules of darvon onto a spoon.  I dissolved the powder in 2ccs of water.  Upon injection, I felt a nice wave of euphoria, similar to heroin, but much milder.  There was no nausea or dizziness, just a nice, comfortable feeling.  After the initial rush, I threw on some music and laid on the couch.  I felt very relaxed and cozy.  Everything felt A-OK.  I felt wrapped in a warm opiate blanket.  This feeling lasted for a few hours.  After 2 hours or so, I was slightly tired and decided to take a quick nap.  

For the rest of the evening, I felt very relaxed and comfortable.  I do believe my blood sugar did drop, because I was craving orange juice and similar sweets. 

There were no lingering effects the next day and I was able to go to work.  Business as usual.

I want to make sure that anyone who reads this understands the dangers of injecting drugs.  I am a phlebotomist and am well trained in injection procedure.  In addition, I have access to clean, unused needles and would not be putting myself at risk to diseases such as Hepatitis C or AIDS.