I have known about AMT for a little bit and I have done it for a little bit, but besides that point I mixed AMT and 5-MeO-DiPT and everyone says that that is ad but everything went good for me. Well anyways me and a few of my friends (which I will not use their real names) had planned on taking AMT for a weekend party before my friend left. So the weekend came and me and my friend KC and Cami took some and I mixed them both and I was really fucked up and everyone was loving it. I took 33mg of amt and 20mg of DiPT and I loved it. Everything was going normal until about 2 and a half hours later. I started to fell them because we all took them at the same time which was about 8:00 on a Friday night. Things went as planned and everyone was having fun.
     
Well about three hours had passed and everyone was already trippin and I had just started. Things started to change colors and move. Everyone took the same amount of AMT. so when all of this started things went a little crazy but it was under control after about an hour. Everyone started to puke but that is normal for AMT. Well we all started to just puke but after that everyone was fine. My friend Cami had heard me talk about it before and she wanted to try it and so did my friend KC. So about four hours went by and everyone was having a blast. so we all decided that we would go outside and go for a walk because we all got tweaked cause that is a normal effect to. Well we also got a lot of jaw clenching so we went to the store.
     
When we got to the store it was crazy. Things were moving, melting, and changing colors. Some of my friends said that they saw little animals running around on the floor, but you have to cut them some kind of credit because it was there first time and they didn't know what to think. Well we all started playing with stuff in the store. 
     
When we got back to the house we turned on the black lights and the strobe lights. We also got the glow sticks. Things had some kind of trails on them and they were different colors. Well about five hours the sickness quit and everyone was fine so we just chilled. Things were calming down and we were listening to music and chilling.
     
Well about six hours after the big dose up we were starting to trip pretty hard and that's when things went crazy. More people showed up and they were tripping to only not on the same thing we were so they weren't near as fucked up as we were. Well my friend decided to climb the wall and he got half way up there and he was upside down and he blacked out and fell on his head. we thought that was pretty funny cause we were trippin.
     
Well it had been about 12 hours and I started to come down off the 5-MeO-DiPT and started to feel the AMT. that was great. I just love the felling of the AMT body high. I think it is the best because I always get some weird tingling feeling just like on many other tryptamines. Well anyways people were all over the house and doing there own thing. But me, I was too fucked up to move so I just laid on the floor and watched the ceiling fan. and about 20 hours later everyone fell asleep and I was still awake and I wasn't caring I was having fun all alone.