[Erowid Note: 
Some authors report suspicions that their cannabis has been 'laced' (adulterated), in some cases, presumably with PCP. While this is possible, readers should be aware that idiosyncratic response to the effects of cannabis (usually higher doses) can lead some users to presume their cannabis has been 'laced'. There is no way to know if the cannabis in the report below was adulterated or not. Reports of plant material and cannabis laced with powerful synthetic cannabinoids and other psychoactive substances became more common starting in 2007.]  

It's fair to say I'm a stoner.  I smoke pot just about every day, spend my money on pot, and regularly go to school/work stoned, and no one really notices.  So generally, I don't get really fucked from a bowl or two.

The other day, though, I bought some shit from a buddy of mine.  It was a fat eighth, so naturally, I assumed the volume was to make up for the fact it was shitty regs.  Fuck it, I rolled a couple joints, went out, smoked a joint, got a surprising high, but straightened myself out with some music and TV, and fell out early.  

I knew this was good shit when I smelled it, but looking back, I'd gotten far more fucked than I should have from what I smoked....  Anyway, I took some bong hits with a buddy the day after, but then the next day, I went out into the woods, at a favorite spot of mine, and lit up a joint.  At this point I was waiting for someone...  After I finished, I was immediately at a regular point of high, and I still had a bowl on me, so I said fuck it, and lit up.  A couple deep hits, and I was sitting on a log with my head hung, looking at the ground.  

All of a sudden, I heard a ticking in my head... it wasn't that loud that I thought there was a giant clock or something, but I was unable to completely phase it out.    So I focussed on it, and as I foccused on the ticks, and I saw a line of pink, red, and green crossing my vision, straight across.  My vision continued to light up, and things in the ground became highlighted, images in the pine needles.  I saw a lot of A's outlined, as if I was suddenly seeing what was drawn in the pine needles.  I had a sense of profound purpose about these images, but was not altogether out of control enough to shout it out to the world.  I was fully conscious that I was high, but things that happened were just uncontrollable.... There were the usual thoughts, for me, of writing a show in my head as it goes along, and watching it in my head, laughing at the funny parts but often getting into plots too complicated and completely forgetting what I was thinking about, but there were further, physical visual hallucinations.

When someone walked their dogs past me, I was able to focus enough to keep my visuals down to a blur and some excess colors, and put my head in my lap.  Soon after asserting control over these visions, I began to feel as if I was in purgatory, still on my log bench, but as if focusing one way or the other I could enter different worlds, one progressingly further into images of the pine needles, becoming so complex as to be completely colored clowns' faces, the other the 'real' world, just me, cold, in the woods.  

I soon realized an hour or so had passed, and I was starting to come down.  I could not realize half of what had happened that I told myself to remember, because it was crazy, but my friend never showed up, and apparently I made some calls to another friend of mine flipping out...  This shit must have been laced, but hell, I don't care.