All I had done was weed and dxm. I had no clue what I was getting myself into. I had smoked about $10 of chronic, $30-40 of stress, and $15 of normal green. I was on my way down when we stopped by this guy's house that owed me money. He owed me $20, and was suppose to pay me in shrooms or cash, but he had neither. I asked him what he did have and he smiled and whispered 'crank'.

I walked off carrying a dime bag of crank, enough for about three or four lines. It was my first time, and I had no pipe to smoke it and I didn't want to snort it. I ended up putting it in my mouth, which tasted like crap. After that we went to Burger King, me and my friend Cyrus. Cyrus kept telling me it wasn't going to work, and I kind of believed him. I had been screwed over before with xtc and acid, and I didn't think the crank would work either. 

Boom. It kicks in. It came at the worst timing possible. We were sitting down and my weed was just going away, making me a tired fucker. Crank, speed, meth, uppers, they are suppose to make me hyper. Nope, they don't. I was baked off my ass and peaking on crank. I had all this energy, and I had to be moving, but I was exhausted. I kept walking around in circles in the resteraunt. I started calling everyone on my cell phone, and finally someone answered.

'Hi, I'm in the area, we'll give you a ride!' Yes! I'm getting a ride home! It was 12:00 Am and I was suppose to be home in an hour. I was about 2 miles from home and I had only my two legs to take me there. But now I had a ride. Cyrus left, leaving me alone in the resteraunt. Only the workers were there. 6 girls came in, all really attractive, and I was walking around in circles holding my heart, which was beating at around 160 beats per minute, maybe more. The girl who was suppose to drive me home ended up not being able to, and I was there alone. 

I called Cyrus and he told me to run and catch up with him. I ran two blocks, but I was exhausted. It didn't make me more tired, I probably could have ran forever, but I really wanted to walk. I caught up with him and we went to his house. I layed down in one of his beds for about 20 minutes. When I was lying down I was fine, no tweeking and no need to walk. But I had to go home.

The walk home was the most interesting. Weed gives me paranoia, crank gives me fear. Weed gives me paranoia, crank gives me fear. I spent the whole 40 minute walk thinking I was going to die, and I left three friends messages telling them I thought they were cool. I didn't think I was high, but I knew I was scared. I knew I was going to die, but I didn't know what from. I walked home fast, holding me heart, playing with my cell phone. When I got home I was half an hour late, and my mom got up to tell me to go to bed, but I didn't feel like sleep. 

I had to do something, so I started talking on the internet, while writing in the book I am writing. I was typing twice as fast as normal, and my heart was still pounding. At 3:30 I went to bed. I lay down and closed my eyes. I started dreaming about this 20 year old girl I knew. I knew everything about her, she was a family friend. Then all of a sudden I realized I wasn't dreaming and opened my eyes. I was having closed eye halucinations. I spent the rest of the night thinking, only to get up and go out into the living room at 7. 

Later that day I was thinking about the girl. I knew her full name, her birthday, where she lived, what college she went to, what her dog looked like, what car she drove, everything! As I was thinking about her it hit me. I didn't know any 20 year old girls. All of a sudden she disapeared. All my memories of her, everything I knew, gone. It was the biggest trip I had had. In the past 12 hours I had made up a girl, down to every little detail. I thought she was real. 

The day after I tweeked. I could not stand still for longer than a minute. I had to walk or hold my heart or play with my phone. I smoked a joint with two friends and It brang my crank peak back a little. The rest of the week I had cravings. They got unbearable so I took dexatrim (an over the counter speed) which kept me up all night and took away my craving. By the time I came down from dex the crank cravings were gone. 

<!--Crank is not a drug I would recomend. -->It was fun, but the come down was not. It made me not want to do any drugs but crank. I had been trying to get acid for a few months (acid is dry in the bay area right now) and after I do crank I could give a shit about acid. I didn't even want to smoke weed. I am glad I took all the crank I had, so I didn't get addicted. 

<!--If you want to 'speed' your life up, try dexatrim, not crank. -->I don't regret doing it, but I do want more, which is why I shouldn't do crank. I am planning on doing it again a few times this summer and I can't wait, but I am never doing it more than twice in a week.