History: I'm currently 15 going on 16 and my 'drug days' started when I was 14 (long time huh). It started out with a little of the schwiggidy schwag and of course followed by alcohol and prescriptions. When I turned 15 is when I started gettin into more drugs. I was smokin a good g a day of headies as well as xanax, zoloft, alcohol and ambien. 

It was the day I was offered some cubes that I was most happy. I experienced the wonderful state of mind offered by the mushroom as much as I could (boy would I regret it later). I was eating eighths almost every other day, twice during school. (*Its good to notice the difference in tripping by oneself and tripping with people, when I'm by myself my mind can process things at my speed, instead of being distracted by everyday things. But while I'm alone there is a chance I could get a little anxiety. Personally I enjoy tripping alone*) Throughout the school year I was introduced to Salvia, nutmeg, morning glory, mexicain terragon and hb woodrose. Most of which were a dissapointment compared to the glory of the mush.

The mushroom report id like to talk about was during the summer following after our favorite festival Bonnaroo. I had told one of my friends who was going to get me an eighth of mushies. He brought back what I thought to be cube stems and small brown caps. (If only I had known these little devils were in actuality Azurescens which are the most potent strain of mushroom one can find.<!-- They have 3 times as much psilocybin which means 3g of azurescens is 9g of cubes...--> I thought I was eating 3g of cubes)

A few nights  before I had eatin 2 stems about an inch long and a small dime sized cap. I had intense cevs while jammin out to timmy tucker by moe. Everything I saw was in unison with the music. Slight distortions in oev but no melting shelves.

I hadnt eaten since 8 the previous night and I dove right in to eating the mushrooms around 11 AM. After about 15 minutes of watching fantasia I started noticing the lights and colors getting brighter and brighter. I started noticing the knee numbing that I always seem to get. When I would stand up I would suddenly have an urge to sit back down or to just stand there but never get up and move. After another half hour we decided we would go to a friends house who ill call J. As we left my mind was flowing with wonderful thoughts, I was feeling wonderful and I knew the trip was gonna go good (man I was wrong). As soon as we arrive at Js I was stunned at the flowing of the grass and it almost looked as if flowers were growing. We went inside and there were still patterns lifting off the tiles in the kitchen and going in circles. We went upstairs and sat to watch a movie. This is when it took a bad turn.

I got that first thought, that first moment when you notice something wrong, with normal reality your fine but in a mushroom state :( it only gets worse. I turned to my friend and said I think I'm going to have a bad trip. He told me I was fine and I should just relax and enjoy the movie. I wanted to do something and started becoming bored. I started to get worried about time and suddenly looked at the clock and noticed it was 12:34 I started thinking I would peak soon and tried to think of when I would come down. At that everything I would think of would just be lost in another thought that came on too quickly. I was lost in thought not even noticing the wonderful OEVs of things melting and patterns on the wall flowing. I looked at the time again and noticed it being 12 43 and was worried I would trip really hard. I was completly lost by this point. I turned to my freind and asked him for anything to knock me out or to make my trip come down. I thought about dying and about sleeping but as I closed my eyes the visuals would not let me sleep. I was trapped in a state of mind that was so chaotic and sped up so much that in religious terms it would be described as 'hell.' I could hear noises getting louder and louder and saw faces pointing and laughing at me. I couldnt concentrate on anything and my thoughts seemed to move so quickly that I was speeding up my life and I was actually dying. I noticed that the clock was still 12 43 and this made me more concerned that I was experiencing a higher level trip than I am used to.

We soon left around 2 after some calming down and soft phish. It was at this point that I saw a good friend whom I hadn't seen in a while. I was looking at the ground and the grass moved all around. I was in such a state of bliss at this point that my mind was in complete mental clarity. I could concentrate on anything I wanted and I could block out anything from my mind I wanted. My senses were exteremely heigthened and I started hearing a voice in my head. It was a low male voice telling me things. 

It was explaining things about universal time and why time works, how people go about gaining wisdom. It explained how my friends were feeling and why I had been put through such torture earlier. All of the negative thoughts and complete mental chaos I had gone through was all a test. I had passed the test and was then blessed with pure mental clarity (the words I have used to describe this feeling cant compare to the actual feeling, no words in the human language can explain it). I started seeing things for what they truly were. 

Me and C and another friend C went to go swim. I was still in the state of bliss and being able to see underwater was the most enjoyable thing. I then realized that heaven and hell were terms used to symbolize states of mind both of which I had just been through (COMPLETE mental chaos/COMPLETE mental clarity) I gradually came down although my senses were so strong I could hear underwater and taste was so intense that I couldnt eat chips because they tasted like a bunch of chemicals put together. 

This was one of the most intense and enjoyable experiences I have ever had. I have experienced with cubensis many times before as with entheogens like LSA and salvia but none of these have been comparable with mushies. 

<!--I was only 15 at the time of this experience and although I believe a person shouldnt use mushrooms without a fully developed mind, I would recommend them to anyone as it truly opens doors you wished you would have gone into in the first place. -->