I've tried this combination several times alternating between taking the MDMA first with the viagra and then an hour or so later the 5MEO-Dipt with an MDMA booster and the other way around w/wo the booster but taking the MDMA a bit later, maybe 2-3 hours later.  Both combinations produce desirable results.  As with the MDMA/viagra combo, it is best used for Tantric sex so make sure you have a partner willing and available.  The synergy is quite intense and can contribute to a long and delightful experience.  It all depends on whether you want to experience the MDMA first or the 5meo-Dipt.  A third combination is to take them all together but I think I prefer the staggering technique.  The effect of the 5meo-Dipt on sex is almost excruciatingly pleasant.  It gets to the point where I can barely move without risking orgasm.  The MDMA helps to balance this out and give it a rose colored tinge.  

Both MDMA and 5meo-Dipt used with viagra are a guaranteed sexcapade with spinal shivers and explosive kundalini undulations which will circulate between you and your lover for hours on end.  The only side effect is that you will be taking a trip to the bathroom to empty your bowels frequently.  The 5meo-Dipt acts as a powerful bowel cleanser.  It really is a shame that the authorities are shutting us down to 5meo-Dipt.  Like any substance, once it gets pressed in to pill form and marketed through the rave scene it becomes the new public enemy #1.  When will these money hungry drug dealers get the hint and leave these substances alone.  Why do you jerks want to go and ruin it for people who research these substances responsibly.  For the rest of you folks, didn't you know you could buy this stuff on line for a fraction of the cost and legally.  Here's a message to all you greedy bastards who want to make money off of kids in the rave scene---When a new substance comes out and is sold legally through research chemical companies, LEAVE IT ALONE.  Pretty soon, everything worth experimenting with will be illegeal and we can all go back to being ball bearings in the American machine.