This was my first real experience with mushrooms, for on other occasions my intake was too small to make any real differece to my state of consciousness. 

I took a trip to my friend's house, let's call him B, armed with a bag of weed and around 12g of fresh Panaeolus (Copelandia) cyanenscens (hawaiians). I have taken over 4 grams of hawaiians before, with little effect, but was informed that this particular strain was a lot stronger and more visual. The setting was, on reflection, just right. I spent about two hours before the trip getting used to the surroundings and chatting/opening up to B about the previous year and reflecting on what had happened. This definitely helped us tune into one another's mind set during the trip, which made the experience feel far safer. I trusted him implicitly throughout the trip and the fact that I didn't have a clue what was going on was hilarious because B was in exactly the same state. In another setting I might have found it rather frightening. The house, which I hadn't visited before, was full of colourful objects and decorations which helped visually, as did the giant cinema screen downstairs.

I ingested the shrooms at around 11.45pm. The effects came on pretty quickly. I can't say I really enjoyed the 'come up' phase which lasted for about one hour. I felt really uncomfortable and uneasy. Talking to my friend helped a lot and helped to lodge me back in reality, but even then, my train of thought became increasingly broken and disjointed. I kept on having to remind myself where I was, what I was doing and why I was feeling so strange. At the same time I felt light headed and a little nauseous. Colours were gradually became brighter and brighter and my awareness of myself, and my apprecation of time and space became more and more distorted, which can be a little unsettling. I did not to fight the feeling, but allowed myself to be consumed by the experience.

At around 1:15 the trip was well under way and I had begun to accept, even embrace the experience. Notions of myself and the outside world had disolved and I now inhabited a strange dream world. I began to give up reminding myself where I was and what I was doing. B and I continued to lie back, listen to music and watch the visualisations (not the mushroom induced kind) on Bs computer. My mindset kept on changing as did the awareness of my suuroundings so that every five minutes it was as if my mind was re-setting and creating entirely new notions of where it was; a bit like when I am dreaming and one minute I am in someones house, which somehow becomes a boat, which somehow expands into a forrest etc. Each short time frame, we called them zones, seemed a different era or epoch in our lives and took on an enhanced degree of profundity.

Definitely feeling euphoric now. From here on in, it was as if we were taking part in lengthy journey. Neither of us had a clue what was going on, but it was great. B phoned one of my other friends and for a while I thought I could see him through the phone and started waving to him. It is possible to converse with people, but it's hard work as I have to keep on reminding Myself who I am, what I am doing, what this strange thing in my hand is (a phone), who I am talking to, why I can't see them etc. Phew. B moves a chair and I say to him 'What is the PURPOSE of what you have just done' to which we both burst out laughing. Mushrooms clearly make me prone to philosophise the simplest of things. 

At 1.30 the visuals really started to kick in. What was so great was that our visuals were IDENTICAL. We both saw, at exactly the same time, interconnected fluorescent red and yellow geometric shapes (either triangles or 3D squares) across the whole of our field of vision. This may have been triggered by the computer visualisations. B then went downstairs to set up the projector screen TV and in this time my geometric shapes became what appeared to be fluorescent waves of light. I was absolutely convinced that I had witnessed the particle/wave duality theory first hand (that light can be both waves and partcles at the same time) and that I could physically see waves of light. I got a new burst of euphoria and realised that I felt as if I had had this massive burden lifted from me. Everything was great, my life was great and more importantly, I had absolutely nothing to be afraid of. It was as if during the uneasy phase at the beginning of my trip, my brain had been working out its inner conflicts and now they had all been solved. I don't think I have ever felt so blissfully content and complete on any previous drug experience.

Colours and balls of light dancing before me, I took a trip downstairs, where B and I sat down to watch Return of the Jedi. We found this to be outrageously funny as well. It was like watching a strange cartoon version of Star Wars. The rest of the night consisted of taking frequent trips upstairs to smoke weed, followed by trips back downstairs to watch the movie. Our spliffs were really terrible, which was another endless source of amuzement. It must of taken us about four hours to watch half of the movie (in the end we just gave up). Every little treck seemed like an endless journey because so much was going on in our minds. We imagined ourselves trecking through jungles of light, through deserts, up mountains and all we were actually doing was walking up and down stairs. 

The day afterwards I felt fantastic. I was a lot happier about myself and felt a great deal more confident when taking to others. All in all a brilliant experience and one I wouldn't hesitate to try again!