I'm 25 years old and had been smoking weed since I was 14, pretty much everyday until January 2004.  It was new years day, and the night before I had gotten completely wrecked, which is a proper thing New Year's eve.  

A friend had brought over some cocaine, and I tried cocaine a few times before, usually when shit faced hammer'd, and really not thought anything of it.  I had a good time that night, smoked a pile of weed, drank about 15 beer and about quarter gram of coke, nothing crazy really.  The night went by without a hitch, besides the fact that my girl left me because she freaked about the cocaine, even though she has done E a few times, something I won't touch...... 

I woke up the next day and felt a little odd, and hungover naturally, but this was different, I was anxious as all hell.  My buddy smoked a little pinner with me first thing, and that made my anxiety much worse, but nothing I couldn't handle. My buddy smoked a little pinner with me first thing, and that made my anxiety much worse, but nothing I couldn't handle.  I had to take a bus back to where I was living at the time, roughly a 2 hour bus ride.  The bus left at 7pm, and another friend of mine smoked a joint with me just before I got on the bus, which is something I have done plenty times before.  As soon as I sat on the bus, I started getting panic, and I've had panic attacks on weed before, but this one was fucking insane.  I thought I was loosing it and no matter how hard I tried to control it, the panic just got worse and worse.  I thought I was going to loose my mind right then and there, off to the mental hospital for me.  About an hour later, I couldn't handle it anymore, I had to get off the bus, and get someone to drive up and get me.  On top of all this, my girl called me on my cell and started telling me she never wanted to see me again because of some bullshit she heard.  THAT just made things a million times worse.  

My friend picked me up, and instantly, my panic stopped, and I passed out.  I woke up in my driveway, thanked him for the ride, then I went to bed.  Woke up the next day for work, and BANG, instant panic attack.  I have never had a panic attack sober before, so this REALLY scared me.  The panic lasted for 2 months straight!!!!!  The only time it went away was when I was drunk, or when I'd have a few lines of cocaine.  Cocaine was an instant cure for some reason.  

I still have panic, but I've learned how to control it a bit.  I havn't really smoked any weed since then and I never will, I can't handle it.  That shit helped trigger anxiety and panic in my head and I wish I NEVER EVER smoked it now because of the problems I have.  I avoid doing things now for fear of panic attacks, and that sucks ass!  I have a hard time being alone because my mind gets the best of me.  The doctors say I should take pills, but I don't want that crap, I think it does more harm than good.  People say weed isn't that bad of a drug and I agree, but if you have a predisposition to mental problems, especially anxiety and panic, STAY AWAY from green, trust me, its not worth it.

Beer and coke on the other hand are good.... for me, but you gotta watch the nose candy, I see why people get so addicted to it.