About a few weeks ago, I went to a desert rave/party with my girlfriend. We brought a tent to sleep in and money to potentially acquire something that would make the party that much more interesting. We ended up finding a friend of ours that had legitimate LSD on him on strips of brown blotter paper.

I had about 2.5 hits and my girlfriend had one (she is very small, so our doses were probably at least close to identical, considering weight-ratios). We put the paper in our mouths and went to enjoy the music. After a while, it got cold, so I went with my girlfriend to sit in my car for a little while, while my friend J set up the tent with his girlfriend. As we sat in the car, there was a slight feeling that something wasn't exactly right (this was 30 mins after dropping). Soon enough, lights started to look strange.

I went to help my friend J with the tent (he ended up bringing this gigantic cabin tent by accident, and I did my best to help him out). I found it hard to concentrate on constructing the tent, my attention kept wandering. It didn't help that there was hardcore techno blasting in the background.

The 'come-up' on this drug was undefinable, I can't define the point in time where I started tripping, but before I knew it I was enveloped in the acid experience. Once the tent was up, I just walked in, took off my shoes, and fell to the floor laughing uncontrollably. I was telling my girlfriend that I felt bizarre, and she laughed at me. Colors were swirling before my eyes. No concrete definable shapes at first, just fractal patterns of a rainbow-ish nature.

We cuddled in a sleeping bag for most of the night. I had a long talk with my girlfriend and J about the nature of reality. I felt like thoughts were easily coming to my head. I could easily formulate any concept that I focused my attention on. I felt like I had more than one consciousness; I was processing several realities at once. Before the experience, I had several incomplete personal philosophies about the universe and reality itself; many influenced from both quantum physics and personal, spiritual beliefs. As I said, they were incomplete; I did not know how to finish them. On LSD, it all fell into place. It was like the billion-piece puzzle swirled around in front of me and fell neatly into place; it completed itself. This was unbelievable.

The visuals were great, I could imagine any object in my head, and that object would repeat itself in typical hallucinogen pattering. I could clasp my hands together and pretend that my grip was carrying a ball of intense energy. When I released my hands, it was released upon the world and this was represented visually as a burst of pure energy. Also, let me remind you that we were in the desert. The stars were unmasked by city lights. The sky was alive with false supernovae and shooting stars. It was an incredible celestial dance, the whole midnight sky was alive. But, the most amazing part was when I stared at my girlfriend sometime during the night, as we cuddled. When her eyes opened, energy flowed out of them. An amazing energy that was filled with what I interpreted as the visual representation of pure love. When her eyes closed, it was like when you turn off a faucet: it disappeared. But, the energy began to pile up inside of her and perforated through her skin in an amazing halo of light and emotion. That's the best way I can describe it.

The comedown was, like the come-up, non-existent. Before I knew it, I wasn't tripping anymore really. This occured around 5:30am (I dropped around 10:00pm) and all minor effects were gone by about 8am. As opposed to MDMA, which gives the whole 'OMG I'M ROLLING BALLZ UUGGGGH' sort of thing; a 'druggy', cerebrally punishing sort of high, LSD felt more like I had achieved a new level of consciousness. The drug also left my body without any negative mental effects, and I truly felt immediately that the experience had bettered my life spiritually (as opposed to MDMA, which I usually realize after the serotonin crash, heh). Furthermore, as opposed to a 2C-I or 2C-B experience months before (not exactly sure which drug it was), it didn't feel like the LSD distorted reality. Rather, it added to what was already there.

It was a beautiful experience, I hope to repeat it.