We started with 12mgs of tannish powder taken straight and chased with water. Nasty indole taste alluded to before was present. 

9:38 Launch

9:55 first alert

10:15 J was flying…I was not off so did 6mgs more total of 18mgs (way over recommended dosage, I'd start with 8-10 mgs next time)

11:00 Serious action

The first thing notice was that balance was affected. Unlike ayahuasca, there was no activation of the meridians/chi circuits. This seemed to have a bit of a speedy edge to it, with some large muscle spasms. The body load was present but not intolerable. No tachycardia, but some hollowness in the solar plexus as things went on. Muscle twitching sort of thing. Colors were enhanced and clear.

This drug is what I would call a "drill down" tool. Whereas MDMA, Ayahuasca etc give you a broad cosmic sense of interconnectedness, with analogical leaps being made and deep spiritual/psychological insights arising, this drug amplifies whatever IT is your attention is on. It allows you to penetrate deep into the meaning of whatever you're focused on, like an electron microscope for your process or whatever has your attention. Your ability to empathetically connect with your partner goes very deep. I was for example kissing my lady's fingertips and caressing the palm of her hand with my tongue. We both could feel her heart connect to my heart at a very deep level. But it was very "narrow-band". This made the sex quite incredible, because every nuance and tender delicate moment was opened and explored and felt to a depth not experienced often. Deep connection, great sex. There is not as much psychedelic effect as there is on other compounds. Your expansion comes from going inside, so if you think, concentrate or meditate on the Divine, then you'll go there. When you stop, you'll be right back where you were…

After the sex was over, we still had another 6 hours with this drug. We put on ali-akbar Khan, which is just the right music for the level of speediness in this compound, and got blown right into Allah-Hu. Amazing auditory depth with this, we could feel the presence of the Baraka right there in the room with us. As before, the tool enabled a penetration into a depth of experience that was dependent upon where we put our focus. I imagine this is what the talmudic scholars must go for, but for us it was right there. 

About 2 am we had some cliff bars to deal with the hollow hunger feelings. Both of us drank a great deal of water, although we alternated between being cold and being hot temperature wise. 

Finally crashed with a bit of a buzz around 4 am. J was still flying 12 hours later but she only weighs 115 lbs and is a sensitive soul…

Not much body load afterwards, I notice that my concentration was still narrowband, and my analogical/spatial processing net that I use to sense reality at an intuitive level, had not come fully back. I have more body load than I do with Ayahuasca ( virtually none ) and much less than with Ecstasy( 3 days or so ). 

I agree with the trip comments in Shulgin's work that not a lot of useful work can be done on this, or lets say, you have to work at it. But what is frustrating is the lack of connectivity to the insights that you do get. Each one becomes a stand-alone moment of realization, but without the broader, integrative aspect that would allow you to turn the insight into a meaningful change. So you can get stuck in your karma and see it, but not make the intuitive leap to get you through. Again, it's where you put the microscope, but in a very left brain way.

Finally, would I do this again…of course I took about 3x the normal dose… Well, I'm ambivalent about that. I have to weigh the time and cost for the result. I wasn't able to do good processing. The sex was nice, but GHB comes reasonably close. I can't see this becoming popular, because it doesn't have a "happy" component to it… unlike other compounds where your heart or head is opened up and you're feeling exceptional. Where and what you start with, pretty much defines where you'll end up. This will never be the next rave scene drug! But it has some interesting possibilities, perhaps in conjunction with something else to give it the right balance between expansion and focus…