I recently had the chance to try some 4-ho-mipt.  Having read about it in TiHKAL..It sounded very interesting.  I did some research on the 4-ho off shots of 4-ho-dmt, this being the only type I have used myself, in shroom form.  It seems they they are all more or less similar, with some variations in potency.  Although I could not find much info on 4-ho-mipt outside of the short TiHKAL entry..I decided to try it over the more explored 4-ho-det, 4-ho-dipt, 4-aco-det, etc.  I don't know why. Anyways... I had the limited dosage understanding from TiHKAL that 12mg was an interesting 'rich' experience, and 20mg was a very strong psychedelic experience.  Sadly, I found that my scale was not cooperating well in this dosage range.  I've only used it in the past to weight out about 100mg +-10mg piles of 2c-e, which I would then dissolve in vodka to get accurate enough doses.  I knew this was going to be a problem with the 4-ho-mipt, but I went ahead anyways, figuring I would try to be careful somehow.

I weighed out what I figured must be pretty close to 20mg, judging from a series of test weighings with the varying scale readout.  I took about half...hoping this would be about right, although I was thinking about the idea of taking more if I wasn't where I wanted to be in an hour.  After about an hour I wasn't tripping very hard, but I was intoxicated enough to decide that I want to be diving deeper..and then go play guitar as I came up further, to go for the epic music playing tryptamine experience I have enjoyed with mushrooms.  This turned out to be a mistake. I played guitar for...I have no idea how long, 10 or 40 minutes.  Not long into it I became too confused to play way.  I was tripping too hard to really grab a hold of the music and experience, everything was moving too fast and I was still coming up.  Unfocused, I decided to listen to a shamanic drumming cd I have to pull myself back together, or completely blow me apart.  

Instead of anything I expected, I was being mentally, sonicly probed by spirits/aliens/ancestors.  I was at their mercy, being completely consumed by their awesome power and intellect.  They moved through my mind as beings of pure sound and awareness, pushing at every wall and piece of resistance, creating more and pathways through it.  My mind was rushing outwards, expanding into the cosmos.  In a space of mostly pure white light, I coiled and streched at these beings will.  I did not resist outside of my utter shock as to the intensity of the experience and the beings unbelievable intellect.  At some point I thought about turning off the cd to disconnect from the drumming interface of contact...but I felt pretty certain that if I were to suddenly be without guidance in this state I would probably freak out immediately.  I was trapped in this meeting until they let it go.  This was ok though, I have been hoping for a connection like this for a long time, ride it out.  

After time I was becoming more like my interrogators, diving into a godly state.  My awareness was vast and I could feel all of my space.  I remembered what it was like when I first played guitar on mushrooms (+ rue).  Transcendence, leaving the old state behind.  As the cd came to a close, I was brought back down and giving a little personalized 'don't forget this' message by my friends. The rest of the trip I was kind of shell shocked.  I was fairly freaked out, I didn't know what to do after that...so I pretty much just lay there.  This was a super intense night, from what must have been 20-30mg of 4-ho-mipt.