Well, recently I bought small amounts (100mg) of TMA-2 and 2c-t-7 from a chemical supplier where the substances are still legal. It arrived in the mail yesterday, and in high spirits I decided to try this new substance.

At around 3:00 in the afternoon I carefully weighed out 15 mg of the brilliantly white powder using a small double beam balance. I have never snorted a substance as painful as 2-ct-7. My entire head was a ball of searing agony centered around my left nostril. And then things started to go downhill rapidly.

I started to feel incredibly sick, and stumbled into the bathroom. The next 2 hours was by far the most miserable a drug has ever made me feel. During this time I started to vomit uncontrolably and repeatedly. Every 20 seconds or so I threw up. My nose ran uncontrolably, mucus filling my nose, mouth, and throat. And I started to get hot. Very hot. In the space of around 45 seconds after snorting the powder my body was drenched with sweat. I lost my balance and wound up on all fours in the bathroom. I felt as though I had been poisoned.

Durring this time I began to hallucinate vivdly, in a fashon quite different than any other psychadelic I've done before. Everything got a very yellow, greasy look, as if I was looking at the world from inside a vat of cooking oil. Shapes first started to ripple like looking at a reflection in a pond. Then a visual effect occured, that I will attempt to discribe. Imagine a picture of the room you are looking at. Now break the picture up using a diagonal crosshatch pattern. Take the squares from this and round them off, so they become more of distored blobs. Now take these blobs and begin to duplicate many of them, and remove others. Now imagine a second set of blobs, like the first, but behind the first layer, moving and swirling. I had powerful and vivid closed eye visual, of an elf made of alternating glowing white and purple triangles, on the background of a fractal made of triangles. My sense of smell was affected, becoming extraordinarily powerful, and somewhat skewed, similar in the way high doses of 5-meo-dipt affect my sense of smell.

After around an hour and a half of this (though it seemed a quite shorter length of time, due to a skewed sense of time) I started to notice the effects beginning to decline and become much more managable. The heavy oily yellow color to my visuals became more of a golden tint. I cooled down. The light coming from between the cracks of a blind were multicolored. And slowly the horrible 'poisoned' feeling would disappear for a few seconds leaving a strong sense of euphoria. At around 2 hours I felt almost completely well.

The drug was to last another 4 hours, to make a 6 hour trip. Durring this period of time, I laughed almost nonstop. Everything was inexplicably hilarious. My roommate and I sat watching ImaginAsian TV(tm), a cable television station devoted to B-rated movies and proformances by untalented pop stars, all made in asia. Illogical plots combined with random singing and dancing in a Bollywood movie to make it an unforgetable experience. After several hours of watching TV my roommate and I decided to go grocery shopping. I would like to point out that shopping while under the influence of a psychadelic leads to impulsive and irrational shopping habits. As a direct result, my food for the next two weeks consists essentially of around $70 worth of candy.

At T+6 the experience abated to the point where I decided I was baseline.

I'm not sure if I'll ever try 2c-t-7 again. If I did, I would do a smaller amount, orally.