This is a combination which I think people ought to be quite wary of, but which may have a certain entheogenic potential. In brief: I combined speed and really good pot and experienced 15-20 minutes of mystic petrification associated with strong shivers/tremors (I would almost say convulsions) and terrifying, mind-manifesting dissociation phenomena much stronger than I experienced on 630 mg of dxm.

I had been crushing up and snorting Adderall periodically for the previous 20 hours or so; unfortunately I cant speak in mgs but altogether it was one non-time-release pill. At the time I smoked the pot I hadnt bumped in two hours, probably more, and was feeling only trace lingering effects. The thing is, speed can be so weirdly transparent sometimes that all I can say for certain is I was not under 'strong' effects.

Since I was at the time accustomed to smoking big bowls of some just-OK buds I had just polished off, and I had never heard of a pot/speed synergy, I was way too cavalier when smoking some new pot of my housemate's... Which as it turned out was in fact the bling-bling TNT superfly Bardo Plane xtra-justified. Since then I have experienced it while otherwise-sober and concluded it was not laced with anything, just extremely strong. 

Anyway on the night in question I smoked two good hits, and after roaming the house for what seemed like a pretty long time, maybe 12-25 minutes, I somehow realised I was not ok. No sooner was I lying in bed than my legs started shaking uncontrollably at a very high speed. I'd say about five times per second (in each leg). It gradually worsened till my knees were twitching up off the bed to a height of maybe two or more inches, really banging around. I was extremely distressed and having some moderate panic attacks. Things had started getting *extremely* psychedelic, I soon realised, and at multiple moments I felt the entire world, especially my body-being, furl up into my head for several seconds - what I could only call dissociation. A feeling familiar from using straight dxm up to 630 mg and also from the combination of pot + 2nd plateau dxm... But *significantly* more complete and intense. I was in abject fear, especially what with the physical symptoms on top of everything, but it was totally exhilarating. I didnt know what was going to happen to me but I was pretty sure I would eventually get back down so after a few minutes of desperately begging the universe for some assurance I was finally able to get to that point where I just let go. 

Unfortunately as with dxm retention of the experience is disappointing low; I am not able to recall very well what its like to have my whole existence and body force draw into a single point inside my head. I can only call up the barest outline of the feeling. This is something I'm going to experiment with again, only smoking much more slowly, and leaving a Whole Lot of time between hits, especially keeping in mind, if applicable, that super-prime mj seems to take a few minutes longer to peak than even your average high-quality buds.