After delving into the realm of all the myriad legal highs mother nature offers us, I had decided to experiment with Yohimbe.  I got a bottle of the stuff in capsule form from my local 'health' food store and started my first couple of trials around the recommended dosage.  The effects were slightly stimulating and enough to intrigue me into going balls out on this stuff.  Note, I do not recommend doing the following until you have gotten your basis with this substance and tried smaller doses.  I popped about 13 of these capsules over a period of about 45 minutes which from what I've read is more than anyone else has reported.  Me and my friends (who had taken smaller amounts) went skateboarding and we all noticed the stimulant effects.  However, it seems like we had to stop and rest often because any activity while on this substance is going to make your heart go crazy.  

We decided to go to a store and mess around.  On the car ride over there, I felt my penis wanting to go erect as it rubbed against the inside of my jeans.  This surprised me as I was skeptical of this claim.  I even felt some of the back shivers that some ppl claim which is kinda neat to experience.  Upon reaching the store I was by then really fucked up.  My heart was starting to go off like mad.  I felt really hungry and ate some cheese sticks which tasted really good.  I don't know if there has been any mention of this but I think yohimbe increases your appetite at least as much if not more than marijuana.  After eating these I was really starting to feel sick.  My heart was racing!  I have done lots of stimulants including copious amounts of meth and I can say that nothing will speed your heart up like this stuff will.  I had to lay down and did so right in the middle of the aisle.  My heart was going so fast that I was exhausted and felt like I was on the verge of passing out.  

I was beginning to regret the whole experience and was actually afraid that I might die from a heart attack.  I felt very nauseous so I stood up and went to the bathroom where I threw up the undigested contents of the cheese sticks.  I would not recommend eating cheese while on this stuff (possible reaction do to Yohimbe being an MAOI?).  The rest of the experience culminated in me starting to come down and realize I wasn't going to die afterall.  I think this substance is fun but can definitely be overdone.  One more thing to note is that it was very hard to get high on weed while on large doses of Yohimbe.