I was never really into hard drugs before my first encounter with Twack, a local term for meth. I had experimented with a few others, but none had given me the complete and instant euphoria I encountered with Twack.

It was by chance that I came across my first line. I was going through my mom's purse looking for pot when I found a small bag with some off-whitish powder in it and a straw. I took some for future experimentation. A few weeks later I was home alone one night and decided to hop on the drug train. I set out 2 lines at around 6pm, both about 2' in length, and 1/4' in width, a quarter of that would have been more than enough.

The sting in my nose was awful. It felt as if I had inhaled glass. Tears poured out of the eye on the side I put it in. The drip was disgusting and very bitter. Then the head rush hit me. It was incredible. I felt absolutely euphoric. I have always been a shy and self conscious person, but meth took all that away. I was up for 18 hours after that, cleaning meticulously, writing pages and pages in my journal, and fixing myself in the mirror. It took away all desire to eat or drink anything, the perfect diet. The crash was gruesome, like a combination of bad hangover and influenza, but as soon as that was over I was craving more.

I have been tweaking as regularly as possible since then. It takes me more and more to get up, the high seems less and less high and is shorter each time. I have trouble with picking at my skin, I'll wake up after a tweak with big red open scabs all over my face. I also distroy my jaw and tongue. I can scarcely taste foods I used to enjoy as I wreck so many taste buds. My jaw gets very sore from clenching. Once during a final, I chewed the inside of my cheek so raw that it got infected and I had to see a doctor.

I have lost a lot of weight since my first tweak, but I gain it all back as soon as I stop doing it. It may make me feel fantastic for a few hours, but compared to how crappy I feel and how unhealthy it makes me the rest of the time, I would regret ever starting.