Mushrooms, Oral, 1/16oz (1.75g)

First of all, I am relatively experienced with several different
psychedelics (LSD, DXM, Shrooms, 5-MeO-DMT, salvia) as well as other
various drugs (cocaine, black tar opium, pot, adderall, concerta,
hydrocodone) and I am also currently on a perscription for 300mg of
Wellbutrin (Bupropion) a day, though I discontinued use before tripping to
ensure no conflicts occured.  Though I had tripped several times on
shrooms before, none of my previous trips would even compare to what I was
in store for.  This was by far the single greatest trip/experience of my
life.  I decided now, after a day full of adderall-binging, that this
would be the perfect time/state of mind to share our experience with the
world =)

A little over a week ago, me and DC, a good buddy of mine, decided that,
since it was exam week and we had nothing better to do, it would be a good
time to trip on some mushrooms that had been floating around campus.  I
got a half eighth (1.75g) from a friend of mine that had some, and my
friend DC got a full eighth (3.5g).  We decided to digest our blue-stemed
psilocybe buddies in a local pizza store... we went up to the balcony,
sprinkled the shrooms on a slice, and ate them.  I had heard from the guy
I got them from that they were exceptionally good shrooms, and that half
eighth was more than enough to really trip face... we knew that DC was in
for a crazy ride.  After we had finished our slices and gotten something
to drink, we left the pizza joint.  The mushrooms themselves were dried,
but very fresh-looking, with deep blue stems, and small closed caps, and
the insides of the stems were very fuzzy.  I could tell just by looking at
them that we were in for a treat.  After eating, we headed to DC's room to
prepare, and then we were on our way.

We decided that the perfect place to begin the journey was a small park
just outside of campus, so we walked there and sat on a nearby bench and
waited to see what we were in store for.  The timing of different events
is very very hard to discern, considering our states of minds throughout
the experience.  So I cant really give exact times for different events
that happened, but I can give a general outline of what went on.  Once we
started feeling the onset of the psilocybin coursing through our bodies,
we decided that we should take a walk and look around at our surroundings.

We ended up settling at a very chill tree where I had smoked pot several
times before.  It was just on the edge of a stream which fed into a nearby
pond.  That's when things really began to pick up.  Everything around us
just seemed different, not in any way I can describe, just different.  We
were noticing the trees around us, and the sun setting above us.  It was a
very peaceful, chill setting for us to begin our trip.  We noticed how
there was just a lone tree off by itself on one side of us, and a tree
which looked like it had a huge bite taken out of it, and yet another tree
which just resembled a gigantic smiley face.  We were chilling with
nature... communicating with our tree brethren, seeing what was goin on in
the nature side of the world.  After we decided we had had enough of the
tree, we got up and decided to go searching for the meaning of life.  

From a previous shroom trip, I had a general idea of where it was hidden, so we used that as a base to start from.  However, due to our incresingly
psychedelic state, leaving the park prove to be a very difficult task. 
While walking through the park, we stopped on a bridge over looking the
pond, and at the time, it was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen.  I
called it heaven just in time to look over and see DC spit in the water...
I told him he had just spit on heaven.  We laughed quite a bit.  After our
realization that we were, in fact, standing infront of heaven we looked
around and, sure enough, we saw Jesus standing in the distance, and the
Holy Ghost floating around in the sky.  Of course we knew none of this was
factual, we were just having a little fun with our state.  At this point,
I decided that wearing a hat wasnt natural enough, so I removed it and
placed it in my pocket.  After circling the park SEVERAL times, we finally
found an escape route, and headed for where the meaning of life was held -
a huge radio tower outside of a tv station next to campus, which (because
it was around Christmas time) happened to be covered from top to bottom in
very bright colorful Christmas lights.

On a little side note - up until this point in time, my entire goal for
tripping was to find some meaning to life, to find out what it's all
about, along with other eternal philosophical questions.  On a previous
shroom trip almost exactly a year before, a friend of mine told me that
the meaning of life was in that same tower (again, covered with lights)
however on that night, it was just too damn cold for me to walk out there
and look for it.

After what seemed like an eternity of walking and talking and explaining
and philosophizing (we decided that the human world is based on rules that
can be broken whereas the natural world is only based on the Laws of
Nature, which can never be broken; also we decided that money was silly
because all it is, is a big piece of nothing, which is split into several
different smaller portions of nothing, and then is traded for stuff), we
finally arrived at the tower, and proceded to search around for the
meaning of life.  Our search led us to a large open field with a large
azalea garden on the other side.  We wandered into the garden, and found a
bench, which my friend DC happened to have had sex on a couple days before
(just as I was about to sit down, he informed me that the bench contained
DCemen... again, we laughed quite a bit.) 

While in that garden, we again started philosophizing, and we came to the conclusion that all humans were parasites bent on destruction of the earth.  However, we were comfortable with this because we had realized it and were very apologetic to the surrounding trees and azalea bushes.  We continued to seperate everything in the world to 'Nature' and 'Non-nature' and both came to the conclusion that, though it is destroying the earth, non-nature is very fun to look at.  We sat in that garden for what seemed like another eternity, until we decided that there was just too much non-nature around to really experience what we were looking for, so we grabbed the bark off one of the trees we were apologizing to (in order to spread the bark around campus so that the tree could be with all its tree brothers and sisters) and headed off towards campus, to another smoking spot we were both rather fond of.

Our next stop was a bridge on campus right outside of one of the dorms. 
We realized that, though bridges are technically non-nature, they do occur
in nature, there just simply arent enough of them, so it is necessary for
us to build our own.  At this point we had walked probably a mile (I cant
tell if this is an over/under approximation or just about right... we were
trippin hard.)  We noticed that, even though the bridge was in a dark
scary-looking area, neither of us were scared, for we were with nature,
and that is what life is all about.  We again decided that there was
simply too much non-nature around for our comfort, and decided to continue
our journey, spreading bits of our tree brother every few steps.  We were
trying to wander across campus to a spot that I was very fond of... but on
the way we somehow ended up on the school's track and field area, and got
stuck in there for a while, and our increasing state of tripping was only
making things more difficult.

This still however was a very positive experience, cause we realized that fences were just rules telling us where we couldnt go, and that the world is filled with pointless rules that can all be broken, then only things you cant break are the LAWS of nature (such as law of gravity, thermodynamics, etc).  After finally breaking through the rules containing us on the track, we continued to wander through campus, constantly stopping to look at various pieces of non-nature that were fun to look at.  Half way to our desintaion, we found another lonely tree, stranded among many pieces of non-nature, and we decided to liberate some of its bark as well (we had already used up all the bark from our previous tree brother.)

After finally making it to my favorite spot on campus (where I frequently
go to lay in the grass and daydream, even when I'm sober) and we picked a
nice-looking spot in the grass, and layed back and watched the show.  What
I didnt realize until just now is that of all the places we stopped, this
one was surrounded by the most non-nature.  We were right in the middle of
a quad outside some classrooms, and it happened to be right about the time
everyone was getting out of their exams (we injested the shrooms around
4:30pm and at this point it was around 8 or 9:00pm).  However, at this
stage in the trip, we couldnt care less who was around and saw how crazy
we were acting.  

Amazingly enough, this is where the trip really started
to get heavy.  Laying there in the grass we proceded to slip in to deeper
and deeper states of psilocybin-induced euphoria... everything we saw
became amazing, every where we looked we saw something new.  We realized
that everything you look at is just a bunch of points of infinity, and
that our trip also, was just a chain of singularities, each containing its
own version of infinity.  I layed back and watched the show in the clouds,
while DC proceded to get a pen out of his pocket and draw on his hands for
probably 45 minutes.  I was completely awe-stricken... I couldnt believe
what I was seeing.  DC on the other hand, was totally engrossed in the
markings he was making on his hands.

At one point, I recall him saying
'I'm tracing a feeling around my hand with my pen' to which I responded
'Are you sure that feeling isnt the pen?'  Again, we laughed quite a bit. 
The trip continued to get more and more amazing while I continued to
become speechless and even more awe-stricken.  Once we could finally talk
again, we both came upon the agreement that tripping is indeed what
happens when you divide by zero. 

After we finally had had enough of that
scenery, we got up (which was not easy) and proceded to walk in a
direction that happened to be back to where we started.  Throughout the
trip we had been discussing various logic-circles and spiral
representations of natural events (most of which was inspired by Tool's
Lateralus album... this is essentially what guided our entire trip, though
we didnt realize it at the time.)  On our walk back to the park from
whence we came, we continued to discuss the meaning of life, and decided
that Douglas Adams was close... but the answer to life, the universe, and
everything was in fact 42 DIVIDED BY ZERO, as opposed to just 42 as
mentioned in the Hitchhikker's Guide to the Galaxy series.  

The patterns we had discovered throughout the trip had completely blown our minds...  As we headed back into the park, it was now pretty much pitch black dark and it was very hard to orient ourselves in the nature-packed park.  We wanted to go back to the bench where we started, to complete the cycle of the journey... we had found the meaning of life, and we wanted to take it back to where we began.  Once we entered the park, I bluntly stated that I needed to take a piss, to which DC responded 'THAT'S WHY I ATE THAT TREE!'

From here to the end of the trip I could not stop laughing.  Aparently
DC's thought process had led him to believe that if he ate the bark from
the tree we found in the middle of campus, he would be leaving pieces of
it everywhere we went afterwards.... he had decided to consume the bark
while I was laying in the grass and he was ingulfed in the pen drawings he
was creating on his hands.  After finally making it back to the bench, we
decided a good way to celebrate the arrival was to piss on the bench...
leaving a piece of our tree brother where the journey began.  After
sitting on the bench for a couple minutes (not stopping to think if we
were sitting where we had just pissed) we decided to go back to the chill
tree and say bye to the first of our tree friends.  The chill tree, the
lone tree, the poor tree with a bite out of his head, and the big huge
smiley tree.  At this point we were completely exhausted from our journey
and decided it was time to retire back to our non-natural habitats, cause,
though they may be non-nature, they contained comfortable furnature.  We
walked to campus, and parted ways, but not before taking pictures of the
crazy drawings DC had left all over his hands, including the back of his
right hand (DC is right handed) but not the palm of his right hand.  We
went back to our rooms, without much to say, still awe-stricken.

We got online and attempted to talk to each other, but it just seemed like no words could possibly explain anything that had happened during the
journey.  We did however discover that, amazingly enough, 42 divided by
zero just happens to be 42/0.... coincidence? who knows.  I laughed quite
a bit.

I'm very sorry for the long-windedness of this report... I couldnt really
help it in my current adderall-induced state.  I could probably continue
on for another several pages, and still not even describe all the
subtleties of the trip.  But I do hope people will read about our
experiences and maybe learn something about the nature of tripping... or
possibly just have a laugh.  We sure as hell did.  It was by far one of
the most amazing and enlightening experiences of my life, not to mention
the best trip EVER.

We became tree-huging hippies... in every sense of the term.  We communicated with nature, and got back to our natural roots... not to mention finding the meaning of life.  It was quite possibly everything I could've asked for from a trip.  The only disappointing part is that I dont know if any trip will compare from here on out, short of a high dose mescaline (which I've been dying to try) or peyote trip.  Everything just seemed to be all interconnected and all made sense, though later that night I didnt understand any of it.  It was a truly inspiring experience... by far a definite ++++ by the Shulgin scale.