Crank has been a crazy kind of savior in my life. I recently discovered this particular substance, completely by accident, and yet it has come to be a part of every day I can incorperate it into. I came across the stuff one day when I was searching through my mother's purse for Pot. Instead, i found a small pouch containing a tiny bag of off-whitish powder and a straw. I assumed it to be cocaine, and in the mind set of expierimentation, I collected a moderate amount.

I didn't get to try the stuff for several weeks. When I finally did, it was January 1st of 2001. I locked my door and sat down to construct a line like I had seen done in movies, about an inch and a half in length, and a quarter of an inch wide. I took that line. All of a sudden it stung almost unbearably. My eyes watered and my tongue swelled, but that went away in a matter of seconds. The drip down the back of my throat tasted much like one would imagine gasoline to taste, like gasoline and vomit.

Expecting more of a buzz, and a being a tad dissapointed, I took another line of similar proportions, and then another. At this point I was entirely cranked out, and all alone. I wanted to talk. I went into the living room and talked with a friend of my mother's for hours. I felt as if I could do anything without embarassment. I am normally very shy, but this miracle drug opened me up, I felt as if somehow I was more intelligent, and that I could think better and speak more clearly. I didn't ever want to stop talking.

I was up the entire night that night. I took my three lines at 6pm, and didn't crash until 8 the next morning. I spent the night cleaning, writing in my diary, and violently organizing everything to be as asthetically pleasing as possible. The crash came like a hammer blow to the head. It is almost like a hangover, but with more pain. I could not eat, and still could not sleep. All I could do was lie in my bed and stare blindly at the ceiling.

Over the course of the next few months, I set myself up with multiple reliable hookups. As it turned out, my mother's boyfriend makes it, which is why she had it, and he gives it to me for free most of the time. At this point in my life I do it every day I can, often as many as five times a day. I have lost 25 pounds, my GPA has gone from a 3.0 to a 3.9, I am now a star athelete. I am no longer shy and contribute in my classes. I don't feel that I am addicted. I run out from time to time, and I deal. No problem. 

I prefer my life with crank to my life without it, and frankly, finding that first few lines in my mother's purse has changed my life indefinitely.

[Erowid Note: Its important to note that any negative impacts of regular use or addiction usually take more than a few months to appear.  It would be interesting to read a follow up from this author 1 to 2 years later.]