Prior to using Salvia for the first time, I had done a lot of research on the plant and its effects, and I decided that it sounded like the strong spiritual experience that I had been looking for.  I went to a local headshop and bought one gram of 5x salvia divinorum, and I must admit I felt quite awkward buying a drug, in a store, that I knew would yield one of the most powerful experiences I have ever had.

I believe that before doing any drug one must be fully comfortable and aware of oneself and his or her surroundings.  One must be careful, responsible and knowledgeable with the drug as well as the method in which it is taken.

I understood that salvia is best taken in a dark, quiet spot, so I put on some ambient music and prepared pillows for my bed.  I was planning on laying back on my bed in the pillows and letting the salvia take me where it would, and this planning proved to shape the nature of my trip.  I smoked one small hit and felt nothing.  So I smoked a slightly larger hit, and although not very strong, the hit pushed me just slightly through and allowed me to see the power that salvia contained.  So i took a larger third hit and held it in, and before i even exhaled I felt the salvia taking over my body.

The salvia felt like a force that had immense control over me, if  I let it control me.  I felt like my body was being compressed towards my core, and then parts of my body were drawn in spiral motions. I did not have to succumb to the force that made my body move, but it felt like there were little sticks or fingers pushing on all of the my appendages, directing me where to go.  Like I said, I had the ability to override this force.  At one point I stood completely still to test my strength, and while the physical sensations continued I knew that I had complete physical and mental control over my body.  I allowed the salvia, however, to direct my actions and this force moved me to my bed and under the covers, just like i had planned.  I felt like the salvia took me to bed though, not me.  The ambient music definitely influenced my trip as well, as I felt that the music shaped my thoughts and actions in some way.  I was now ready for a vision, but none came to me.  I saw mild hallucinations in the form of a dripping/flowing bedroom door, and the purply, yellowish haze common with acid or mushroom trips, but I experienced no real hallucinations or visions.  I was disappointed by this, because I have never experienced a full blown hallucination or vision on acid or mushrooms, and I was convinced that salvia had the power to do so.

Apparently not for me, but for others it is most definitely possible.  

Anyway, the experience was over in about 12 minutes, although it felt like it could have been a lot longer, and I would say it could best be described as INTENSE. While it was more of a physical experience for me, rather than visual, I would say that the effects of salvia could best be compared to the account by Robert Campbell in his article 'Sage Wisdom', which can be found on the salvia divinorum vault page.  I could most relate to his idea of having one's 'center of gravity sucked toward the floor', and feeling a rotational force.  I feel like I maintained some sort of grip on reality throughout the whole trip,  however, which seems to be a characteristic of my personal experiences with entheogens, and I did not feel like I lost any sort of mental or verbal capability.

I believe this ability to maintain control comes with the knowledge and respect I have for the drug and for my own body and mind. I encourage everyone to be careful with salvia as it is very powerful.  It is not for getting 'high' or getting 'f*cked up'. It should be used responsibly for understanding oneself. But most of all, have fun and let it teach you.