I'd been interested in giving DXM a try for some time, and when I had a night to myself, I decided to give it a try.  I drove down to Wal-Mart (a store which has actually asked for ID for soda pop in the past) and bought myself a bottle of Robotussin maximum cough without having to show my ID.  When I got home, I decided that this trip would not be just to get fucked up, but should have some meaning.  I meditated for a while, and burned some incense.  When I felt mentally prepared, I downed the entire bottle as quickly as possible. (9:00 P.M.)  The taste was not too bad, and kinda minty, like menthol or something.  I tried to lay down and relax, but I was nervous about purposely OD'ing on OTC cough syrup.

After about 25 to 30 minutes, I noticed a strange feeling.  I can't really describe it, sorta like the way I feel when I first take some E, but it hasn't kicked in yet.  Just a little 'off'.  I waited some more, but it didn't get any stronger, and then disappeared.  I though 'man, what a gyp, this shit doesn't work'.  After 45 minutes, I was convinced nothing was happening, so I went for a drive.  By the time I got 15 minutes out, I started to feel weird.  I then decided to go home, as I NEVER drive when intoxicated on ANYTHING.  

I got home, and reality started to break apart, like the whole world was in a strobe light.  This was not a visual thing, but rather was how my brain was precieving the world.  I decided to lay down in the dark and try to relax and take in this feeling. Ok, get your bearings, relax, try to enjoy this.  Soon, I dont know how long, I could feel myself sinking downward through my bed.  I'm not one to claim mystic or spiritual experiences everytime I do drugs, but this was truly an out of body experience.  Pure 8th circuit conciousness.  I imagined people sitting on my bed next to my body, and I had conversations with them from the other end of the room.  I didn't actually talk out loud, because vocal sounds come from the body, and I had left it behind.  A few times, I worried that I was being too loud in these conversations, but I then reminded myself that this was just the drug taking hold of me.  Extremely menacing vibrations.  Impossible to understand reality.

Eventually, I had to use the restroom.  Walking was impossible.  Total loss of all muscle coordination.  I couldent stand up, and I couldent control my legs.  This was interesting, because I could sort of watch myself behaving in this terrible way, since I was still detached from my body even though I was up and walking around.  When I got to the restroom by crawling, I turned on the lights.  I looked in the mirror, and I looked REALLY FUCKED UP.  My pupils were dialated worse than E or acid, and my skin was pale and clammy.  I thought 'shit, I've killed myself.  I'm doomed.' but it didn't really bother me too much.  It was more like 'well, guess I'm gona die soon, oh well'.  Very strange.  I was completely blasted.  More fucked up than any other drug in the world, and I've done plenty.

I got back to bed, and resumed my experience.  I constantly began moving in and out of my body.  To me, I was dying.  It was not scary, but just interesting.  The conversations with nonexistant people continued, and I eventually fell asleep at approx. 5:00 A.M.  Weird dreams, and old memories from childhood.  Terrible nonsense.

The next day, I woke up the happiest person on earth.  I was so glad I was alive.  Dying never really scared me, and now that I think about it, other than being trashed I had no reason to fear harm to my body.  I was just relieved.  Like when you dream that you or a family member has died, or that something terrible has happened, and it seems so real that when you wake up you are just so happy it didn't happen.  Very strange vibrations.  I had a mild hangover, similar to an alcohol hangover, but very mild.  I think I really learned something that night.  Now that I have conquored DXM, I feel that I can conquer anything.  I feel empowered, and enlightened.  I probbally will not do DXM again for at least 6 months or a year.  It was incredibly powerful.  A true spiritual pilgrimage.  This drug is not for the casual user, but is a tool for the shaman.  You'd better have your shit together if your going to boost yourself into DXM conciousness.