I'm in the navy straightening out my life. But, I've been doing drugs since I was 17
And no experience stands out like the one I had at woodstock 99. Now, I was to drive to upstate NY from out in queens which ended up being a good 6 hour ordeal. I travelled up to the festival with my 2 friends and my ex girlfriend who I had broken up with 2 days prior. Now we had a fight on the way up and I ended up leaving her to fend for herself and went on my way among thousands of people who had already gotten to the pre festival on that fateful thursday night in late july. Me and my 2 friends, not having any camping gear, decided to make our first night a memorable one. Now I had never done acid in my life and had no intention of doing anything of that sort that night. As we walked around we found a guy selling shrooms and bought an eigth we split between the 2 of us by smoking it - no effect on us. After we viewed george clinton's bday performance on the center stage we happened to stumble into a guy travelling around the festival grounds with a suitcase full of all kinds of illicit drugs. After debating for a few minutes me and my 2 friends, only one of which had done acid and was experienced with it, decided to take the plunge and do it. 

The guy, no joke, said he gave me about 5 drops, he gave my friends the same amount and it dripped down my arm it was so much. It tasted minty and after we took it just hung around talking to people chilling out for the night. Now I didnt think this stuff would do anything and kept bugging my friends as to how stupid it was and blah blah blah. Finally, we hung out with these 2 people who smoked us up and after about 5 minutes of smoking, my mind did a complete back flip and all of a sudden I wasn't normal anymore. All I can say was I became uncontrollably insane for the next 15 hours. I do not remember the whole night because I was in and out of sanity. But I do remember some crazy shit I as doing. Now remember my ex who I left, well me and my 2 friends, also tripping their nuts off, were walking around in circles at one point laughing and I remember saying where's jen (gf) where's jen where's jen over and over and over. And getting no response or I dont know precipitated me saying it all over again. This ranting and raving went on for a good hour until my exp lsd friend told me to SHUT UP!. Blacking out I also remember a point at which I was rolling around in the grass taking off my belt and shirt and swimming towards a fence at the edge of the grassy area I was in, clining to the fence, and begging to be saved. 

My friends were watching me bug the fuck out and I felt like a mere puppet watching myself squirm and wiggle my contorted body into paranoia and insanity. I also remember that I could barely keep my eyes open because I was so scared of my thoughts and myself. I felt as if the world was being flushed into my conscious thru my eyes literally. Like all the colors and sounds and people talking to me went into my eyes instead of my ears. Constant babbling of nonsense and noise. Only my crazy thoughts made sense. At one point I told my friends to leave me to die for I was insane, I gave my friend my car keys and he poured ice on my head causing me to think I was an ice machine for a second.....crazy....at the end all 3 of us woke up like in those cartoons where they get hit over the head and wake up looking into the sky which is moving around all blurry and slowly getting clearer as they recover their bearings, all 3 of us awoke from this crazy night laying in the middle of a field near some of the stages and went off to see james brown perform. Later my friends would go on to tell me I was going up to people babbling insane shit to them and they had to pull me off and calm me down.