[Erowid Note: 
Most Coricidin contains CPM (Chlorpheniramine Maleate) which can be dangerous in high doses. See <a href='/chemicals/dxm/dxm_info2.shtml'>DXM Brand Warnings for more info.]  

To put it easily, I didnt think it was a problem. I started when I was about 13, 12 pills at first I cant lie it was amazing I felt like I was in heaven I never felt so alive and free in my life. at first I was confused then I just reached pure euphoria the tunnel vision was amazing it didnt scare me like I hear it does with most I actually invited it. anyway after such an amazing experience I had to do it again, although I never could reach the same state of mind as I did my first time. Couple times a month, you know nothing much still same amount of pills. 

Then after about six months, it grew to be more a couple times a week. 3-4 times every other week sometimes even a week. Now mind you I didnt have a job so I was stealing it. now by the time I was 15 I couldnt stay off the stuff for then a couple weeks at a time willingly. I was up to taking a box at a time or sometimes up to a box and a half at a time. by the time sixteen came around it was an everyday thing instead of going and stealing one box at a time I would grab as many as I could to keep stocked up I even started having people steal for me so I could stay stocked up. When I got down to 2-3 boxes had to run to the store again. it was rediculous I woke up everyday with the plan on when where and how to get it and trip. Somedays I would wake up and take it it would wear off and I would take some more I was takin up to 3 boxes some days. 
          
On my last run to the store for some there was none and I wanted to trip so bad, I never could stand the taste of cough syrup, so I got some dramamine instead only this time I got caught. got arrested you know, that whole bit. it really made me think though how could I resort to this every day the risk of getting arrested every day I dont know how to explain it it was just how they say my rock bottom with it.  
          
I am now almost 17 and been off of my drug of choice for 9 weeks and 1 day today. My hopes in submitting this is that those out there who come on this site looking for encourgement to do it heres a warning it can be a great deal of fun yeah but recognize when your doing it for fun or doin it cause you need to before its too late.

[Reported dose: 240-270mg]