I've had depression for over six years and had been taking 30 mg of fluoxetine, (more commonly known as prozac), for almost a year. I had been prescribed the wellbutrin, 150mg 2x daily, only a couple of months earlier. My depression had been well under control for half a year or so and I was feeling pretty good. 

One night, however, some events led me to become extremely upset, resulting in me going through my cupboards looking for any sort of pill I could find to take with my half eighth of shrooms I was keeping in my drawer for a boring night. (I had eaten over half an eighth of this same batch of shrooms a week prior without any ill effects.) This was rather extreme for what I had done in the past. I never mixed different drugs or just decided to take as many pills as I could. I was in pretty rough shape emotionally. It was about 10pm when I took all the pills and the shrooms.

This was on a weeknight so i still had a couple things to do. Being the perfectionist that I am, I never hand work in late...even when I'm at rock bottom. All the drugs I took made me relaxed at first and I found it to be a very euphoric feeling while I cut some music which I needed to use the next day. This process took me about an hour. By the end of it, however, I was finding multi tasking to be rather difficult. I couldn't talk to people on instant messenger, check my email, and cut music all at the same time as normal. Not to mention the computer screen began to get wavy and distract me. Next thing, write a summary of 'Federalist 10' by James Madison. It was about this time, 11, that my father came down to say goodnight. Although I was beginning to feel very out of it, I still had enough sense to sound normal and not to alarm him. By the time I was done with the summary, things began to get scary. 

I went downstairs to my bedroom and decided to watch family guy in order to make my weird and disturbing feelings a little less edgy, hoping some laughter would help the situation. But it really didn't. I could not fall asleep and kept on hallucinating people walking around my room, shadows being what they weren't, etc. By one or two in the morning I was still not asleep and had begun to shake and from what I can tell, convulse. I can't be too clear on all that happened, but I know my jaw kept clenching up and my whole body was shaking violently. I woke up the next day and didn't even feel sick. It wasn't until lunch time that I remembered what had happened. 

I would definitely not suggest doing this. As I've looked up more information on wellbutrin it seems taking large amounts is definitely not advised and can cause great damage. I was very scared that night. It was not fun in any way...I suppose that's not exactly what i was going for. Depression can do some weird things.