My friend brought a few buddies over to my house and woke me up, told me we were going to get some weed. I thought he meant marijuana, he told me he was informed of a local glass shop that was giving free samples of a rare psychedelic guadalajaran herb. I have a little experience with lsd, a moderate amount with fungi, and some other mid-altering substances, so I decided to go along and give this new stuff a try.

They were giving out free bong hits of salvia divinorum in this little head shop in the white trash district of the sleazy town I was living in at the time. The lard ass counter jockey loaded a bowl with the black, brittle, dried leaves and he put some 5x or 10x extract on it, a coarse black powder. A 2-foot acrylic waterpipe was used with a large custom steel bowl screwed on. My friend lit the bowl and the stuff burned quickly, the entire lot was ashed in one large hit.

I noticed an awful smell. My friend put down the bong and wandered across the room when he looked at me his eyes were blank and glazed over. He later said he simply felt a little 'wierd' but nothing more. It seems I had a rather different experience than he did, possibly I was given more extract as a cruel joke  because I am much lighter and smaller than my friend.

My hit also dissipated in a single toke, the smell and taste were disgusting. My friend asked, 'is it working?'. His voice reverberated as if we speaking into a fan. The bong behind the counter, clear glass, flashed brilliantly from blue to green.  I would stare at the pipes in the display cases and I felt like I was millimeters away from them and they had grown huge, or that I was very small. Green foliage and vines grew rapidly on every wall, rotting and new vines regrowing over the old. The small, rectangular room I was in distorted into a hallway that ran for miles. My visual perceptions of color, distance, depth, texture, shape were all so extremely altered that although the entire experience took only about 10 minutes to reach its peak, I didn't even know where I was until the bizarre high reached the end of its plateu.

I had even forgot that I had smoked something and was under the influence of it. It was like being in a damn cartoon, everything was ridiculous and terrifying all at once, especially the bug eyed obese slob behind the counter, he was genuinely frightening to me at the time. Voices boomed like thunder, feet seemed to stomp on the ground with even my own slow, zombielike shamble. I would focus on on object in the room and everything else would become stark white until even the outlines would fade.

For a second I thought I was standing on the ceiling and I was about to fall and hit my head because I suddenly remembered there was a force of gravity on this planet. I was in a cold sweat and I became so sensitive my sockless feet chafing against my shoes was enough to make me take them off and carry them in my hand. For the last five minutes after it began to wear off I was gripped with a feeling of terror and dread that something awful was going to happen.

I walked over to my friends and said that we should go and that the stuff wasn't very pleasant and the other two guys with us should not try it. One described the expression on my face as looking like I 'just got raped' the other said I resembled a 'deer in headlights'. I still felt very strange so I let my buddy drive us home in my car and the rest is history. Needless to say this was the strangest experience of my life, I was astonished by the power of that herb and that I am here to tell about it. It's not all bad, but I can not believe that this substance is legal. I was so completely oblivious to what my senses percieve normally that I could have walked into traffic, off a cliff, whatever. But for a minute, I forgot everything. Even my name. Take that for what it's worth. Handle with care.