I have heard much about Ketamine and its effects, but this past week I have had two bad experiences.  Both settings were my apartment.

The first time I tried K was late one night after work.  A trusted friend had tried the stuff we bought on a previous occasion and reported to have seen many visuals (which, of course, is always fun). After purchasing two pouches of this substance (purportedly three lines apiece), a friend and I snorted ~1.5 lines.  It smelled like the slime you got out of machines when you were a kid except in a powder form.  I then smoked a joint with another friend while the other snorter sat out.  After approximately 15 minutes, my friend was feeling something.  I felt off baseline but not altered in any serious way.  Perhaps this is because I am an experience drug user, but I did not see any references on Erowid in this regard.  After at least 45 minutes, my friend was 'fucked up', and I was ready to go to sleep.

The next time I decided to try the entire pouch myself.  After snorting the entire 3 lines, I put on some music for meditation.  At this point, I had read James Kent's <A HREF='http://www.erowid.org/chemicals/ketamine/references/other/1997_kent_resproject_1.shtml'>Metaprogramming From Within the Eye of the Storm, and was somewhat anxious to try it.  After approximately 15 minutes, I felt a little off.  I tried to calm my mind, control my breathing, slow my heartbeat... (with great effort) I did to some extent, but in the end, I failed.  No visuals to speak of, and also, the duration could not have been longer than 20 minutes.  Basically, it sucked.

Possible conclusions:  A) I am immune.  B)  It wasn't K.  C)  It was not enough K for me.  D)  I have to break my tolerance for it.

And in the case of D, do I want to 'break my tolerance'?  I do not think I am going to try K again at this point.

<!--Note to Erowid:  You guys should add comments to the experience vaults.  The only issue would be the legal issue, and just make sure that none of your servers are logging IP addresses and you'll be fine.-->