LSD trips I can never forget. I always have a place in my heart for the little squares of blotter and the bitter taste in my mouth. I wouldn't trade these experiences for anything *except maybe more*

One particularly memorable trip was one that started out in school. I had consumed one hit of 'Windowpane' acid of the green variety, in the beginning of the day, not expecting much. But by my next class, it had already started to kick in. As I walked outside, I became very aware of my surrondings. Everything seemed strangely defined- I should see every blade of grass, every individual leaf on the tree, whose branches waved at me from above. I focused on one thing- 'get to class and dont look anyone in the eyes, they might be able to tell'. I felt as if I were floating along, my movements seemed very smooth, as if I were detached from my body. When I looked down at my legs, they seemed foreign, and looked very out of place. When I looked down at my legs, they seemed foreign, and looked very out of place. But I kept on doing this thing called walking, and in no time at all I was sitting in my desk in class.

Everything started out okay, I just sat back and watched the patterns on the carpet shift and 'vaporize', seeming to rise up off the floor and sway back and forth, like seaweed. 

The teacher began talking about the worksheets that were in front of us, and no matter how hard I tried to focus, I couldnt make out what she was saying. It sounded like another language altogether. She was explaining how to do the work, and did a few examples, and then we got with a partner. I was completely lost. So he did all the work and I watched the pattern on the poster in front of me dance around.

Then, I was in my English class, and we were reading. I tried, but couldnt make out what it was talking about, so I began to write a note to my friend. When I looked down at my paper and watched the words form, they looked beautiful. To me the note looked like it was written with a calligraphy pen *I read it later, and it was barely legible*. I was hearing a lot of 'white noise' when I was writing my note. And the paper was very bright, and for some reason reminded me of a circus. I saw images, as if on photo negatives held in front of my face, or in a seperate dimension, barely visible to the human eye... But then I'd look up at the class, and it was dark and quite, everyone looked the same, all hunched over, reading, a few writing something, which I could hear loudly. 

Finally I was out of school and over at my friend Billy's house. Two other girls besides me were also tripping, so we went over there where we thought it was safe. One thing I noticed is I tend to get upset easily. For example- Billy was slicing me a grapefruit to eat, and in doing so, he put a crack in the paper plate it was on. So when I went to eat it, juice leaked out and got on his beadsheets. I was CONVINCED he hated me for ruining his sheets, and he started crying. Turned out I only got a tiny bit, but my mind made it out to be a huge puddle.

I had to call my parents later, to try and stay out an extra hour or so, but they said I had to come home in 20 minutes. Needless to say, I flipped out and started crying and shaking, cuz I thought my parents would be able to tell.  I didn't have a choice though- luckily, they went out for most the night.

The rest of the night was rather boring The rest of the night was rather boring- if that's possible on acid. I just sat around and looked at my posters, and watched Dumbo (the 'pink elephants on parade' scene is fun to watch), and attempted to sleep. Attempted is the opporative word- no matter how hard I tried, I could not fall asleep. The closed eyed visuals I was getting were intense- I saw a scary clown woman wearing a jokers hat appear in front of me, and as her mouth slowly opened, bugs began to pour out. Then it quickly changed to another scene of a pretty flower opening up with sunrise, and a large centipede making its way out of the flower, down the stem, and as it hit the ground, the picture became one of a girl being crushed by words (literally, they were big bold words).

I haven't had acid in almost a year, and I can't wait to find 'Uncle Cidney' again.. The experiences are always memorable.