This is an experience I had a few weeks ago at a club, with a combination I have never tried before. I was with two friends, M and A, and my girlfriend, C. I'll mainly just mention M, as he was the only one with the same combination of drugs as me. 

During the week, we had planned to go out on the friday, to see a well known DJ from interstate who was playing at a club we frequented. M had acquired the services of a new dealer, and M and I in particular were interested in the drugs he was offering (we had used him before, and found him to be extremely nice and very reliable, but up until this point we had not been able to get anything but MDMA off him). Upon hearing his arsenal, M and I decided on getting Ice, an MDA cap and an MDMA pill. C and I were the only ones to be experienced with MDA (we bought it as e, but was actually MDA) and I I absolutely loved it, so I jumped at the chance of getting a pure sample. We too were well acquainted with ice, or at least had done it about 6 times, maybe a few more for myself, A had done it once, M never. We were all very well acquainted with MDMA... If it matters, we are (and were) 18

M picked me and C up from my place at about 10:00 pm. He informed us we had to go pick up A. Once we got to A's we went into a sort of chill out room and sat around a glass table and watched tv and chatted a little. M was curious as to what he should expect from the MDA to which I gave him a very reccomending description which lifted his mood. Anyway, we decided to each take a little bit of ice (the portions we had seemed tiny, as other times I got it I got a much larger amount, and I was a little annoyed... However it turned out to be well worth it!) After about 5-10 minutes of taking it, I can feel it, basically making me more talkative and very happy. Everyone else says they feel the same way. M wants to open his cap and snort a small line from it, and offers some to A... I do the same with C.. I wasnt expecting much from it as it wasnt much to take, but also, it wasnt much to take away from my overall amount... So we snort the lines and leave. In the car everyone is ver talkative and happy, chatting away excitedly about how good tonight is gonna be. Once we get there, the club is not very packed, but due to the popularity of the DJ we know it will be... We dance for a while with the few other ppl on the dancefloor, but find ourselves wanting to chat to each other and the few other ppl we knew there. (I might just add that although we were all together for alot of the night, I was somewhat buddied with M, as we were on the same drugs and wanted to synchronise dosage so as to feel the effects together, which was fine with me.) M is keen to take his mda capsule, and asks me again what itll be like, I explain it all to him, warning him about taking breaks from dancing occasionally as he is an absolute pumped up nut on the dancefloor :D, and that he'll probably wanna sit down some of the trime anyway)... I suggest we wait a while, as the club is just starting to get more ppl, and we should just chill for a bit as the ice still has us feeling good n happy. We decide to take it about an hour from then. We each go and dump our MDA capsules at this point, M described the 'horrid' taste vividly... I cant remember how exactly, but his description only boosted my confidence (and hopefulness) this was infact MDA.... So we are just chillin, occasionally dancing and chatting, when we are sitting with C and it starts to hit M... He describes the comedown as 'Quite alot Like mdma, but heavier... More intense' which sounded bout right... Fast forward 10 minutes and I am at the stage he was at, another 5 minutes we are fucked. We both feel quite energised, but we are peaking off our brains and decide to stay seated, chatting happily and slowly, describing how trashed we are. M was loving it, saying hed love to do this occasionally instead of mdma, like alternating between the 2. We are going really hard, and decide to take a walk outside before the DJ we came to see comes on. It was cold out but not too much, we were too gone to care anyway... 

A had dropped an MDMA pill, C half of one... They were very happy to see us, and looked absolutely fucked, which we did even more so! :)... One of the things I told M about in describing the differences between mda and mdma is the lack of such a powerful empathic quality, but this didnt seem to be a problem as we were willingly and lovingly returning our friends affections.... For the rest of the time, M and I took turns dancing (the lasers and music were TERRIFIC!) And chatting with friends, and being introduced to some new ppl... I was still going fairly strong but decided to take a lil bit of ice just for the hell of it ( I didnt really notice any change consciously but im sure there was one).... Fast forward about 2 hours, and the mda is still going real nice. Thats the thing I love about it, bit more long lasting than MDMA...anyway at this point m and I decide to take half our mdma pills, we are still high at the time, and in a very nice state, but we thought what the hell, lets do it....( I also had another little portion of ice with the pill, and was realising that I neednt have been shitty at the small amount, as the amount, qualitatively speaking, was heaps, and kept me chatty well into the night)

Half an hour later and OH MY GOD....the mixture of the mda and mdma was basically what I imagine dumping a whooole lot of mdma would be like, with the hard to describe differences of mda still evident... The half hit us HARD! In a good way though, it wasnt too overwhelming.... We then got into the typical, lovely deep ecstacy conversations and were having a great time.... A and C wanted to dance, and we told them wed catch up with them in 15 mins, as we needed a lil time for the peak to smooth out.... Dancing was incredible, and I did alot of it, but occasionally the urge to sit down was too strong, and I had some great conversations and met some Ppl I knew off a Forum on the net, which was for talking about dance events in our city. It was amazing matching a face with screen names!

A while later M and myself dropped the 2nd halves of our mdma pill, which basically bought us up to where the first half did, maybe a lil higher... I noticed that night, looking back, I said some things I normally wouldnt have (even when on e... I am very open and stuff on e, but know when some things just arent appropriate.... Anyway I noticed tonight I said a few perhaps innapropriate things, but it was nothing bad, just couldve been embarrasing, but the ppl I said it to were all very high as well so it was nop big deal, just thought id mention that as it was different than usual....

So after much more dancing and chilling, we are invited by a group of people (off the aforementioned website) to go chill with them after the club closed, we say we reckon thatd be cool and tell em well be there... Once the club closed, I was still nicely trashed off the e, and after the 2nd half had taken numerous small amounts of ice which allowed me to chat in a more cohesive manner when the e was hitting me really hard...

So anyway, we go with these ppl to a lakeside which they often go to to smoke weed, which is what they intended to do here....A, as usual, smoked too much weed and was talking very crazy shit, and couldnt understand anything which was amusing but slightly annoying as I wasnt smoking (I like weed occasionally, but was feeling too good with what I was on to want any. I didnt have any the entire time)... By this point I am still wide awake, feeling some nice mdma rushes but not very intense at all anymore... I am still fine and happy as the ice is going strong and I am very very chatty and happy.... We got to the lake about 8am, and left at 12, me still feeling fine as we left.... M, A, C and I went to chill elsewhere... C and me were still high on ice, M and A were stoned and had just taken some ice... This made M less stoned, and very happy and chatty, whereas in A's very stoned state, it just made him confused until the effects of the weed started to wane.... I finished off my ice here, realising I had done a better job of pacing myself with it than the others, yet keeping a constant buzz with it the entire night... 

I went home at about 3.30 pm,a nd felt the effects of the ice til about 8pm, after which I just felt normal... I went to sleep around midnight with no bad comedown feelings then or the day after.

It was an awesome, fun experience, and id love to try the combination again sometime! We all had an absolute ball. I feel irresponsible writing this somehow though, as if I am saying drugs are fine... I happen to think drugs can be interesting and fun, and you can learn alot about yourself and your friends with them, but have witnessed first hand that some drugs simply do not mesh well with some people at all. Educate yourself on what you are taking, and please, if you are going to take anything, test it if you can and make sure your source is reliable.