I was prescribed Xanax for anxiety. Being depressed and suicidal, I was looking for trouble. So I started of with 4mg. It was the strongest feeling of euphoria that I had felt (at that point in my life I had only tried weed before). The euphoria was short lived and I got really tired very quickly. I slept form 4pm to noon the next day.

I surely helped me out with anxiety and I settled down with a normal dose. The benefits from the drug was short-lived and soon health problems started to surface. Also a weird kind of addiction took a hold, as I found myself in a situation where I could not get a 'high' from the meds - no matter how much I took, it was not enough. 

Four years have passed and during that period I never missed a day. I have been clean now for 6 months.

My memories started to fade very quickly and I cannot recall almost anything during the four year period. My doses went up to 12mg a day. All I can say is, it ruined my health. I quit working out, I got more depressed than ever, missing a dose caused the worst pain I can imagine, the worst panic I  can ever get and forgetting to go see the doc and get a prescription, missing a dose ended up by calling an ambulance and get a shot. The whole world felt heavy, and each movement caused tremendous pain. For years I felt like having a bad flue, my eyes were constantly burning (I haven't felt that annoyed by anything else).

My tolerance was so high that I could not get the satisfaction needed by taking the pills (I just could not wait for the pills to absorb) I started to snort about 2mg at once. After a while I was doing this every hour, and believe or not, I got a rush from it. At that point I started to abuse also much more potent benzos (Rohypnol)

Trying to get off from the drugs resulted in near lethal doses. The less I managed to take during withdrawal, the more I took when going through a relapse.

I gave up withdrawing about 3 times. I kept on taking this drug for a year when finally decided to get clean, as I had no more emotions left. The withdrawal process was 5 months long and now being 6 months clean I am starting to feel better. I am amazed how much stronger I am physically, how my emotions open up again but still, I have a lot to deal with.  My body is aching all over from time to time, concentration is still very bad and fatigue is a big issue.

The withdrawal can cause phenomenal complaints and so many of them at once that mostly I felt suicidal just because I was physically feeling so bad, in pain and drained out of energy.