[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.]  

This stuff has a very high risk-to-reward ratio.  Stay away from it.  Here's my report of my third and final experience with this crap:

I was bored last night, so I stopped by the local mega-electronics store at around 9PM and picked up a 4-pack of 'Perfect Duster' (C2H4F2, difluoroethane).  I got home, ripped the safety tab off of one can, took a hit, and got the euphoric rush along with the funny tunnel vision and 'helicopter' sound distortions.  My whole body tingled, especially my fingers, toes and mouth.  I also noticed my voice was really really deep like a slowed-down tape recorder (because the molecules are so heavy... it's like the opposite of helium-voice).

I took another couple of hits, and passed in and out of consciousness for about 10-15 minutes.  The next 15 hours or so are a blur.  I can't remember anything really great happening after that first hit, but I sucked every last breath out of those 4 cans, and the only reason I stopped was the fact that I ran out.  What I had been doing was lying in bed, and taking a huff or two every time I woke up.  This stuff is really addictive... so much that I did as much of it as I could even though I don't remember what's so great about it.

One nasty effect of this stuff is that once I was high on it, and wanted another hit, I didn't hold the can up straight like I'm supposed to.  This caused the contents to come out in liquid form, which is really, really cold.  The tip and underflap of my tongue are mildly frostbitten, and it feels like I burned my mouth on really hot coffee.  What parts of my tongue aren't frostbitten are covered with taste of the bitterant they put in the can, and the taste hasn't left even after brushing my teeth and rinsing with mouthwash twice.

The worst side effect of this stuff is the severe nausea that comes up once the peak goes away, which made me throw up... all over the floor and furniture of my bedroom.  This happened about 2 or 3 hours into my little bender.  I got puke all over everything in one corner of my room.  And I didn't care until the next day when I ran out.  I just kept huffing this crap until I ran out of it, not caring about what happened.

Anyway, even though I don't know what's so great about this stuff, the thought of getting some more continues to cross my mind.  My first two experiences with this stuff were the same (with the puking and frostbite), and I've done it again.  How sick is that?  I just spent four hours picking up half-digested nachos off the floor with with a spatula, then vacuuming and steam cleaning puke residue out of the carpet and upholstery of my chair.  The stench is gone, and the room looks normal again, but I'm still mildly nauseous and shivering.

This stuff is pure evil.  I lost a whole day of my life, and I'm surprised I'm not dead.  If I wasn't such a big guy, huffing that much duster, even spread out over many hours, probably would have killed me.  I strongly suggest you never use this stuff for anything other than its intended use.  It's a pretty boring high, and it made me totally antisocial for nearly a whole day.  It's not worth it.  I'll just get some pot next time.

Pros:  Kinda neat for the first couple of hits.  Sensory distortions like tunnel vision and helicopter-noise.  Short euphoric rush.  Anesthetic effect.

Cons:  extremely addictive, *severe* nausea and vomiting, mild frostbite in the mouth, loss of balance, loss of consciousness, high risk of death.