It took me thirty seconds to reverse a lifelong stance on drugs. I had traditionally drawn the line at cannabis. Cocaine was a deadly mistress, and I had seen the devastating effects first hand when receiving news of my uncle's overdose and apparent suicide. I vowed to never touch anything beyond a joint. But I threw that all out the door after my friend offered me a ride on the white pony. I blew a line off of a dirty toilet in a low-grade strip club, where I was celebrating my high-school graduation. Our Grad Council had rented it out for a massive sum, and it was filled only by students and their guests. It was a situation that screamed desperation and excess at the same time. It wasn't exactly a rash decision. I had taken up marijuana after a two-year lapse, and had a desire to experiment with something else. Getting straight A's in school without trying left me bored. All I wanted was to feel excited for a change.

I felt the effects almost immediately. A powerful sense of clarity swept over me, and the cloud lingering from the joint I had smoked earlier was blown away. Everything about me surged with a feeling of raw power. My mind was sharp and aware, my body felt like it could perform any task. I proceeded out to the alleyway to smoke a joint referred to as a 'cocopuff' by the same friend, then returned inside when things really began to turn strange. 

Some fellow graduating students were exposing themselves on the stage, and I passed along the dance floor to find some friends to talk to. But all the activity around me was really disorienting me, and I had extreme difficulty walking, so I layed down on a dirty couch. Despite the heat in the building, and the warm late-May night, I began to shiver profusely. I've looked into this and it doesn't seem to be a common effect of cocaine usage, so it puzzles me even more. But there I was, curled in a ball, trying desperately to keep warm.

I went outside and smoked a bowl to calm myself down, but it just caused some intense nasuea, so I decided to wash my face with cold water. Going to the drunk-infested washroom was a mistake. I was puked on by a guy I'll just call C, and that was all it took to create a fountain of vomit from myself. A friend found me and knew I was in a bad state, so put me in a taxi and sent me home. I don't remember the voyage, but I woke up the next morning feeling no worse for wear. The bad trip of the preceeding night was just a faint memory.

I had had bad trips before that event, and have had bad trips after it. It's a natural part of drug usage I think, it just has to do with set and setting. The unsettling part about my experience with this drug was the desire to do more. I still have a lingering desire to try cocaine again. I am willing myself not to, and know that nothing good can come from it, but my brain still rationalizes 'You owe yourself at least one more trip. It's only fair because the first one didn't work out, you need to try it again to get the proper effect before you can claim to have used the drug.' Perhaps one day while I am intoxicated I will be offered some again, and I doubt I will have the willpower to refuse given my current state. My fear of that is very real, and I wrote this to inform people curious about trying cocaine about that threat.

Parts of that trip were very fun, and I know that the bad trip happened mainly because I was surrounded my drunk people being jerks, and it was a very sketchy location. If I had been with friends in a comfortable place, I think it would've been a great experience. But as attractive as she is, Cocaine is a cold bitch.