I've heard a minority of people need a pretty strong dose to feel anything, but for me: 

5 mg: Noticeable, but can drive and relate to people. Went to a movie; alternately became really absorbed ('Get Shorty') and noticed the screen, audience, and theater. A nice level for an art shop, sensual sex, a concert, dancing to the Dead; good for tuning in and enjoying the senses. Occasionally forgot I was under the influence.

10 mg: Still a level one can function with; did some driving (also on some cannabis) and it was OK but not completely safe and would not try this again. Very nice for a large drumming circle, or a concert for flowing type music. More obviously 'stoned'; some reality shift but not strong; no visuals yet. [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]

15 mg: Now starting to see extra curlies and wisps around visual objects; again much tuning/focusing to events (eg Burning Man Sunday Night). Still more inclined to tune-in to what's around me; not an inner trip. Music is very nice; also dancing. Some reality shift, but enhancement rather than to a completely novel place. 

20 mg: Becoming a stay-at-home psychedelic, but not 'pushy' at this dose. However, not really entheogenic; do not sense an inner spirit. (For focus on spiritual work, mushrooms + 10 mg could work well; cactus already has some of this tuning-in.) 

Haven't tried more than this; 25 would probably be OK, but I hear it does get intense and 'pushy' at higher doses for many people. (But some people need this much, I'm told.)

Have tried with Syrian Rue (& mushrooms. No obvious problems with the Rue (but be cautious). Several people like it with mushrooms; adds some mushroom spirit qualities to the merging 2C-B qualities.

Have heard two reports with ketamine; 'D.M.Turner' had good things to say, but someone else said they felt pulled apart. These two have opposite effects; 2C-B is a body/entactogen, Ketamine is a out-of-body inner trip. Be careful here...

Have heard several reports of nice synergy with MDMA for a couple trip, and we hope to try this; would do MDMA first, get very open and trusting, then after about 3 hours add the 2C-B (say, 15 mg), which is likely to lead to very tuned-in/merged sensual/sexual experience. 

Finally, note that this is a new compound with no traditional history, no widespread use/testing, and no pharmaceutical testing. It is not structurally an amphetamine and the doses are relatively low, so neurotoxcity is probably not an issue. Still, I would limit peak dose and lifetime exposure until more is known about the safety.