I was intrigued with absinthe since I first heard of it's psychoactive properties and, well, illegal status :) So, of course, when I had the chance to try it out, I had gone just a little too far.

We started fairly late, around 3 something AM, and I was the only one drinking absinthe. I took about 4 shots worth all together, this was pretty evenly spread over the better part of an hour. I was feeling fairly drunk, but nothing out of the ordinary experience aside from a feeling of warmth.

At around 4 we decided to roll a joint, my friend had brought an extremely potent weed. I had rolled two joints, one large and one small, and we started smoking. By the time we had finished smoking the joint the experience got real intense for me, I was feeling a wide spectrum of sensations, physical and otherwise, and was having difficulty controlling it. Pretty soon I had to lie down from the constant onslaught.

From this point on I barely opened my eyes or moved at all, just minor adjustments and sitting up to take a drink of water my friend brought. Most of the experience was inner and mental, I was constantly trying to get a reading on what I was feeling/thinking, and was only partly aware of what was happening. My friends were playing music on guitars and the sound enveloped and sank into me, I was completely overtaken and could hardly think. At some point I noticed that I was having some sort of an ego loss, and things seemed very unreal. I was unsure of who I was, and where I am. At one point I remember thinking to myself that my body was still, and was reassuring myself of this fact by touching my chest briefly. I noticed that my pulse was racing and was told that I am very pale. 

After about two hours, which to me passed like mere minutes, my friends decided to leave and I had to get up to the car. I was very surprised at being able to function properly (putting my shoes on, walking, etc.) as I was still very heavily under the influence. When I got home I took a small sip of orange juice, which turned out as a serious mistake, though I feel that the forthcoming unpleasent event was unavoidable even without the OJ. I puked, emptying pretty much the entire contents of my stomach, the taste was strong and sickening and I washed my mouth repeatedly to get it out. My last (somewhat coherent) sensation was that of relief, as I lied down in my bed to sleep, still extremely under the influence. I slept for approx. 10 hours and woke up with a slight hangover.

The overall experience had been rewarding, for it's extreme effect, and consciousness alterations, but not very pleasant. A smaller dosage or less smoking might have turned the experience into something more manageable, or at least less overwhelming. I will probably try absinthe again, but be more careful of my mixing it with other materials.