I awoke one morning, after a long night out, at my friend's house. We had taken shrooms and smoked pot the night before and it was around 12:00 when we woke up. He had found an old bottle of Adderall, which he used to take a year or two back. He took 40 mg and I didn't think anything of it. We went and had breakfast, and when we went back to his room, he suddenly started talking a lot and he said he felt weird. I told him it must have been the Adderall, which he had forgotten that he took. He smiled and tossed me the bottle, 'You have to try this, I feel great,' he said. He told me to take 50 mg, so I did, and he took another 10 mg.

    About 25 minutes after I took it, I started thinking really fast. I realized that I couldn't stop thinking, and that I always had a thought in my head. I could feel it in my body, and it was somewhat like a Ecstasy trip, but not as happy, just the same kind of body feeling (but to a much less degree). I felt great, and about 45 minutes later I got dropped off at my house. Thoughts were racing through my head, and when I moved everything felt a little weird. I had to do some yard work which I didn't feel like doing. I ended up loving it! I learned to love the little things in life, like reaching over to pick stuff up. I know it sounds weird, but trust me it was cool. The yard work went by really fast.

     I then went over to my friends house, and I started getting body tingling. A rush of tingles would come over my body every 5 or ten minutes. I sat in his room listening to the Allman Brothers, and I got really into it. Around 6 o'clock I went home, and the peak had worn off, or so I thought. Throughout the night I kept getting waves of the drug, that would last about 20-25 minutes, and then dissappear, only to reappear in another 15 mintues. I tried going to bed at 10 o'clock which was a stupid idea. I layed in bed, just thinking, and thinking, and thinking. There were too many thoughts, for me to go asleep. I finally fell asleep at 4:00 in the morning.

     I woke up, feeling like shit, and went to school. The effects still hadn't completely worn off and I felt it until around 9:30 that morning. I also experienced medium jaw clenching from 5:00 PM the previous afternoon, until 9:00 AM the next morning. That was one of the bad side effects. 

    Overall, Adderall is a fun trip, but coming down really sucks. I would recommend trying it once, but no more, because it is extremely addictive.