Substance - 2CI

Setting - at home in my apartment alone

Experience level - 3rd trip

I got home from work and messed around on the computer for about 2 hours, and at around 8:30, took about 50 mg of 2CI.  This, I thought, was pretty much the same dose as I had taken on my last trip, which was quite incredible, and lasted for about 6 hours, and I was able to sleep easily after the comedown.  This trip was quite different. Apparently, minimal increases of dosage can result in catastrophic consequences.  I'll relate the entire thing here.  

In all, the trip was very confusing.  At the onset, I felt slightly nauseous, and was expecting this because my last trip started out that way.  I remember lying on my bed thinking 'hey, old lady nausea, you be not welcome here' and laughing crazily.  The nausea passed and I tried to get up out of my bed, but it was very dark in my room with the computer and lights turned off.  I got lost in the corner of my room, which was very dark, and just kind of wandered there bumping into the wall for about 5 minutes.  

I finally had the presence of mind to turn on the light, and found my doorknob.  By this time, I was hallucinating so strongly that it was very hard to see.  I wandered into the kitchen and noticed that it was 10:00.  I stood there in the kitchen and just got lost in the confusion.  I really couldn't see anything, the visuals were tearing up the room so much.  At this point, I started slipping out of reality for minutes at a time, and when I would come back, I would be just a LITTLE scared.  I was glad I was at home and not somewhere else where I couldn't have complete control.  

At one point I found myself in the kitchen saying 'GET A GRIP ON REALITY ASH' as I noticed my mangled hands blending in with the kitchen counter.  I looked at the clock again and it was 10:10.  It had felt like an eternity had passed since I started tripping, and I started trying to remember things from earlier in the evening, and found that my mind just wouldn't work.  Everything was a confusing, chaotic mess.  the trip continuted in this manner until about 2:00 in the morning, when things started to get a little less confusing.  

I found a book I had been reading earlier before I started tripping, and picked it up.  It was a fictional analysis by Noam Chomsky of The Lord of the Rings.  The entire thing was absurd, and it took me about 2 hours to read 7 or 8 pages (it was VERY hard to see the text because of the way my mind was destroying everything visually but I finally slogged through the entire thing because it was HILARIOUS.  I must have lost several ounces of water just from the tears from my laughter.  At this point, it was almost 4:00, and the trip didn't seem to be tapering down at all visually.  

I went outside on my balcony (we are lakeside) and noticed the town across the lake on the horizon, brightly lit.  My mind created a great, organic, very high tech city on the horizon.  Tall, curving skyscrapers grew from the lights of the real city, and the whole thing was lit in a very tron-esque way, with lots of edges and curves lined with glowing green, blue, and red lights.  Radiating from this city was a network of roadways, flying through the air towards me and in all directions including away from me.  Vehicles of light flowed along these roadways like blood coursing through a high tech, artificial, glowing vein.  It was incredible.  I stared at this for a LONG time.

Finally, at about 5:30 am, I was getting very tired but the trip wasn't coming down fast enough for my liking, so I took 2 neurontin (which have been enormously helpful to me in the past for sleeping) and by 6:00 I was asleep.  I slept for the next 26 hours and woke up mildly tired but feeling completely normal.

All in all, this drug is fun in certain ways, but mostly just produces mass chaotic confusion for me except in low doses (12 mg) where its only like a mild acid trip and rather boring.  I didn't experience any 'revelations' or anything spiritual, and I probably won't do this again.  I've had my fun with it.  It wasn't a bad trip at all, just... pure chaos basically.