I read about 1,4b and decided to give it a try. While I was waiting for it to arrive, I read as much as possible. During this period I very seriously considered dumping it down the toilet and not even bothering to get involved with what I have learned to be a very addictive liquid. But, in the end, curiousity won, and here is my recap of what happened this morning.

The bottle of clear liquid arrived and I immediately dipped a finger in the surprisingly thick and oily(?) liquid. It tasted very bitter, so I thought of what I might mix it with. I was almost sure at the time that I felt some effects from just the small amount that I had tasted but dismissed it as excitement/anxiety.

The next day came and I decided to start small;
T=0;  1.2ml mixed in a shot of Orange juice.

T+10min; Legs feel a bit wobbly but I just got done with my workout so it's possible to attribute to that.

T+15min; Definitely feeling giddy, warm, and goofy (kind of laughing to myself over nothing) Don't care one bit about the 9 to 5 stuff that I was worrying about fifteen minutes ago. I want to take more but force myself to wait til at least 45min. have passed.

T+25min; This thing is starting to ramp up a bit, almost want to be nauseous, getting dizzier.

T+35min; *Very* dizzy at this point, feel like I might vomit, consider eating something to combat the nausea, force myself to continue on with my after work routine, I'd like to lie down but I am not going to do that until the effects have lightened up a little.

T+45min; Eat a little something, starting to feel like it may be levelling off.

T+50min; Feel better having eaten something, still outrageously dizzy; Aside from the nausea and extreme dizziness, I kind of like the body-high: legs feel wobbly and kind of vibrating sensation within my muscles, spreading warmth, very relaxed.

T+60min; The effects seem to be winding down ever so slightly, so now I feel comfortable going to bed. I am sooooo grateful that I did not take any more when I considered doing so at ten minutes. I feel that, had I taken any more at that time, unrousable sleep would've surely ensued. I had originally considered taking 3ml. Good thing I started with just 1.2ml.

At this point you must think that I didn't measure my dosage right...BUT I measured it with a 15ml graduated centrifuge tube with 0.2ml increments, I am 100% sure of my measurement. It was only 1.2 milliliters! Maybe I'm just hypersensitive to this stuff!? Or maybe it was a strong batch?! This is a great reinforcment to the notion of starting small with unknowns, then take what you think is small and divide it in half (so maybe I did really feel something from the small amount that I tasted the previous day- WOW potent stuff!).

 As far as the famous four-hour dopamine release, well, I woke up *Exactly* four hours after T=0 but went immediately back to sleep for several hours. If it happened, it wasn't significant enough to notice. It is now almost 18hrs later, and I am still kind of *weak-kneed*. I don't know if I will do this again. Maybe try 0.5ml next time.