My experience started when my friend and I decided to eat a half ounce of Fly Agaric each, at a park near our house. At first we began feeling slightly disoriented, and my thoughts became detached and surreal. Then the nausea began. I handled that by focusing on something else. I looked out into the lake at the park, and described to my friend in detail what would happen if one of the swan were to grow to an enormous size and create a hurricane that destroyed the town by the flutter of its wings.

From there on it got very intense, I could feel the poison setting in, my eyesight began skipping like an old movie and a strange feeling I can only describe as blackness or 'the void', seemed to be coming towards me slowly, creeping in from far away with the intention of swallowing me whole. That feeling lasted for awhile and luckily another friend of ours showed up at the park to take us somewhere to lay down because we were quite disoriented and in need of a babysitter.

On the drive home, I was having auditory hallucinations. The radio was playing music but music had no melody, I was on a different plain of existence and could only hear unmelodic soundwaves and nothing more. Finally we got home and I stumbled into the house and laid down. I began sweating heavily and pacing around the room, because I could feel that void coming closer, I could see it.

I envisioned the blackness as it came closer to my chest, shaped like a cone, and stabbed my solar plexus. After that I think I either passed out, or was just in a deep trance. I am prepared to say that I saw what death was, and that there is no reason to be afraid because in death there is no being scared, or being happy, or feeling anything at all. The only thing I knew is that I was THERE and that's it. Everything else had no meaning. That is the void, and that is what I experienced on these mushrooms. I also learned that everything is on layers, there are many levels of existence not visible to the naked eye.

I was on a higher plain from these mushrooms and it lasted maybe 1 or 2 days after the initial ingestion. These mushrooms shattered some of my beliefs, then backed up others, all the while being so intense that I didn't know if I was coming back or not. The whole thing lasted about 6-7 hours of drooling on myself, sweating, and having the visions I talked about earlier. My friend had a trip along the same lines, but his was much scarier due to the fact he hadn't done them before.