Well, I won't bore you to death with my life story; I'll just say that I'm 18 and in average physical condition. I got a hold of some low-strength Vicodin (5mg hydrocodone/ 500mg acetaminophen) a few days ago and decided to give them a whirl. I took 4, split them in half, and swallowed them with about 16 oz. of cold water. The experience was quite nice, peaking at around a half hour and lasting until I went to sleep 3 hours later. I'd say that the effects were somewhat similar to smoked opium; enhanced sensory perception and analgesia. However, I noticed a feeling of detachment that others have described as numbness. This would be the only negative affect for me; while the feeling was pleasant, I basically didn't really care enough to enjoy it. I therefore decided to do some further experimentation.

I have a prescription for Adderall (10mg), and despite the encouragement of some friends, I never used it recreationally… until now. Since amphetamine has been known to improve focus, I figured that it might counteract the aforementioned numbness. Tonight, after about a week of abstinence from the Adderall, I decided that my tolerance had lowered enough to allow me to get some pretty nice effects from a relatively low dose. At 10PM, I took 3 Vicodin along with 2 and a half Adderall with 16 oz. of cold water. For the record, that adds up to 5mg hydrocodone and about 25mg amphetamine.

At roughly 10:30, both of the drugs were hitting me pretty nicely. Since both were taken orally, the onset was nice and gradual. As predicted, the Vicoden produced the same effects as before, but without the numbness. Success! Moreover, the Adderall served to improve my concentration so that I was able to pay more attention to the positive effects of both drugs. At about 11, I drank some more water and put on Neutral Milk Hotel's "Untitled," my favorite song while under the influence of any drug ;)

After grooving on the rest of my tunes, I decided to write a love letter to my girlfriend at 12:04and finished at 1:17. I was very surprised at how descriptive I was able to get; at one point, I described her eyes as, "two black holes, a pair of dark singularities, each surrounded by a light-green event horizon." 

Now here I am at 2:15 writing this experience report. The effects of the drugs are still combined very harmoniously; I'm incredibly focused, yet very relaxed and mellow. I think I'm going to go to sleep soon and see what kind of dreams I have. Thank you all for reading this report. I hope it has proven to be both useful and entertaining. Peace.