After finding out that nutmeg can get one high I had to experience it. I consider myself a vet of using psychoactive substances having done shrooms, acid, dxm, ecstasy, opium, numerous pain killers, my fair share of mary jane and many others.

 Nutmeg works. Yes, for me at least. I tried it on two occasions taking about 25 grams of powdered nutmeg acquired from my local convient store and the effect was the same both times. I decieded the best way to take in the spice was by filling my mouth with a spoonful, gulping water and swallowing the mix. It does taste nasty and one may be tempted to gag or spit or even vomit, but one must be tough. I didn't have any of that trouble getting it down.

 I apologize for not taking such a scientific approach, but I'll describe my experience to the best of my ability. The effect I got wasn't mind blowing but it was pleasent. I felt a mood lift after about an hour and my body was extremely comfortable. The effect stayed like this SLOWLY increasing for the duraton of the night. Nutmeg is a long 'trip'. If you are to try it I would plan on not doing anything the next day due to the hangover which I will explain later in the report.
 
 Things pick up in the 8th hour. Thats pretty much when the peak begins, but different strokes for different folks. The most apparent effect is the auditory alteration. Stuff sounds cool, especially music. I noticed you can hear something more than once even when it only happens once. Someone would say something and it would reverberate through my head. Its hard to exlain with language, but one would know it when experiencing it. The body feels great, very relaxed and comfortable. The mind is at ease. Visually there was a mild warm glow about things, much like when weak acid starts to kick in. Nothing to extreme but a definite change in reality. Unforunately I had no epiphanies, but it was still fun to feel that way. Since it lasts so long one is bound to sleep under the influence and dreams are more real and 'trippy', enjoyable.

 Ouch. Thats the word to describe waking up. Nasty hangover and it is difficult to get out of bed. I wanted to just lay there until it stopped, but it doesn't for a while. I remained discombobulated for a couple days and your body can feel uncomfortable, but a little mj can make a big difference. I was back to normal in a couple days.

I also experienced atomic diarhea. It could have been caused by my government college cuisine, but if you put that much spice in one end its bound to come out spicy from the other end if you smell what I'm stepping in. The hangover was rough and almost makes me not want to take it. I'm done with it. I saw what it was about and now I can move on. I recomend trying it if you are one that enjoys various new experiences. I'm glad I did it. But beware the after effects. It works and it is diffrent than anything I have done.

But if you are to try it you must be a real trooper and if you are tough it can be very fun.

Peace my friends. Stay cool. Its your world.
-*PsyMic*