I'm a somewhat experienced drug user, and so one day I decided to try some mescaline for the first time.  I bought a foot of San Pedro from an online seller and cut off the skin, and then cut it into small bits with a kitchen knife.  I boiled the contents for about 4 hours and drank the brownish tea after throwing out the cactus skin.  I drank the tea over the period of an hour on a somewhat full stomach, taking one motion sickness pill to combat any nausea.

Overall I would say that mescaline, at least at the dosage and circumstances of my trip, is like a much more subtle and drawn-out version of acid.  Throughout the experience I felt very similar feelings as to when I'm on acid.  I felt a strange, uncomfortable, and familiar sensation on my tongue after smoking cigarettes and cannibus throughout the trip.  I also felt somewhat queasy in my stomach and later my intestines, although never outright nausea like acid has caused before.  Also, throughout the whole day I felt like my body temperature was fucked up and I was constantly cold and uncomfortable.  There was no definite coming up period, peak, and comedown.  Only, a very drawn out trip.  I finished drinking the liquid at 2:30 PM, still feeling some of the effects when I went to bed around 4:00 AM.  Acid, for me, usually has an intense coming up period, about a three hour peak, and coming down period.  When I come down from acid, I tend to get strung out and angry.  Mescaline produced very different results.  The comeup was slow and gentle, the peak was less intense but lasted much longer, and I felt in good spirits and not strung out at all throughout the duration of the comedown.  The trip had a more dreamy-like feel to it than the intense euphoria caused by acid.  Also, the visual effects of mescaline were not quite as strong as with acid.  I would say that acid is much more preferrable, but I was very impressed by the comedown from mescaline, as it was not bad at all compared to acid.  I'm not sure whether or not I will try San Pedro again.  Perhaps if it is warm outside and I have friends to do it with I would, but acid is cheaper and doesn't require a four to five hour preparation period.  If I could find mescaline in a gel cap then I would be more interested in using it again.  Overall, it was worth the trip and effort, but I doubt I will be doing it again anytime soon.