hallucination on meth

Well i think this was my second or 3rd time doing meth. Me and my native friend desided that we would purchase 2 points of meth from a guy we both knew. I didnt like smokin meth because everytime we smoked it we committed some type of crime. ME and my native friend started smoking the meth at about lets say 8 pm. ME and well how bout we call him Chief :). Chief started the binge by take a knive and sticking it the the small bag of meth and puttin some on a peice of broken light bulb. Cheif then stuck the lighter under the broken glass until it turned into liquid and inhaled for about 1 minute to be egzact, i timed chief and he blew out the biggest cloud of meth smoke i had ever seen. Cheif then hands me the glass and i tried to break his 1 minute record but sadly failed :(.

We then continued doing that for lets say 2 hours. I felt this wierd feeling in my stomach that can be described as the fealing you get when something aweful happens or the feeling you get before you get into a fight. I then though i was the white version of Bruce Lee, jumping and kicking like a crazy bastard. We then came to teh awful conclusion that we were out of meth and you remeber how i said we always seemed to commit some crime while tweakin. We walked down the dark streets of Edmonton,Alberta tweaking like bitches, we had to walk and had to walk far. Me and cheif were looking for a car with a nice cd player that we could pry out and trade for some more meth. I came across the green neon and this was the only cars we could break into if locked. Cheif would take a large screwdriver and bend the glass just enough to fit his skinny arm into it to unlock the door. As i kep six he ripped the panasonic cd deck out and a light of the house turned on and i heard a deep voice say GET EM GUSS.

We ran for out lives from this huge great dane, I came face to face with this monster and i telepathic spoke to him and asked him to spare my life. Fucker didnt listen and jumped at my kneck i then put my hands around my neck so i didnt get murdered by this monster.Cheif hopped back over this fence to help me and kicked the dog right in the ribs and it set after him.Cheif hopped over the same fence safe and unharmed, I was too damn fucking high to think of that so I attempted to outrun a great dane? Yet this great dane wasnt tweaking. I ran and ran and i guess the dog got tired and stopped,me not knowing where i was or where cheif was and being somewhat wounded at the hands I sat down and started to cry. I was still tweaking bad and saw an skinny indian run by and i met up with him. The rest of the night was a complete blur up until the next day at about 9 pm and i still hadnt slep. I find myself in a garage smoking marijuana with cheif and his brother. I was so fucked up i couldnt beleive it.I hadnt slep or eating for so long I WAS DELERIOUS.

I stumbled home and had to cross this field with a huge hill on the top. I got to the top of the hill and this light almost a ufo was right intfront of me. I just stood there and stared in awe and though oh oh. Then it was gone? I have no clue what just happened was i ubducted? Was I hallucinating? All in all im never touchin stupid meth again.Ver very scary experience i wish I could have been more detailed and had more recolection of this long long experience but i dont. I appologise for my poor grammer adn whatnot but what do you expect from a pot head? I think people should be able to read this so they can see how fucking wierd meth is.<!--Please erowid this is like my 5th time submitting and have had no such luck as to you guys posting it.Try and post this if its not too bad of a trip report.-->