The other night a friend I met a friend of mine up at a gas station.  She had told me that her companion was selling 2c-I. This would be my first experiance with 2c-I but I knew all about it.

I left my car at the gas station and got into their's and immediately dosed the 2c-I. There was myself, my female freidn L, her friend who I won't really speak much of, and another friend of mine S (male).

We drove all the way across town to my favorite Coffee shop. A T+ 30 I noticed the first affects. I was hyper almost in a state of mainia. At one point I went to the bathroom which was decorated with black and white checkers. This is when I noticed the first of the visual affects. The patter was greatly stimulating. It felt good to look at things that made clear decicive patterns. Then the checkers seemed to breathe, though not lucidly.  It occured when I would let my focus drift in and out. Like looking at those 3d picture.

WE left the coffee shop to go to river side to smoke a joint. It was about 11:30 and T+ 1 hour.  When we got to the river things started to become more intense. The visuals were simular to acid though not quite as intense and instead of everything being shrowded with prismadic colors they were all purples and blues. 

I noticed that my thinking patterns were now changing. Again, simular to acid and even simular to shrooms, but not quite like either.  Visuals caused thoughts instead of thoughts causing visuals, instead of the opposite as they are for me on LSD. 

We walked out onto the padestrian bridge. The water made the trip so confuseing and way more intense with lots of annxiety. Light poured across the water in beautiful patterns. Me and S started into an amazing conversation about our personal philosophy. At one point we walked down to the river's eadge and stuck our feet in the water. This took the annxiety away and the conversation flurished even more. 

At about T+ 2 hours we left the river to go back to my car and this is also when I started peaking. In the back seet of the car it felt as if we were traveling under a tunnel the entire time which I knew was not true because there are no tunnels where I live and I was increadibly dissorianted with direction.

Once we got back to my car I went into the gas station to get something to drink. AND WOW! The lights inside were so increadibly stimulateing. Everything looked like it was made out of shimmering plastic that pulsated with life. The man at the counter really gave me the creaps though. But usualy when I'm tripping, people whom I interact with who aren't tripping tend to give me the creaps.

When I got home at about T+ 3 hours I was still peaking. 

 [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!] 

I sat on my patio and looked at a street light and trees. The light was amazing. It looked as though it were the inner light of god shineing one me filling me with relaxastion and goodness. The trees were equaly amazing though. They moved in patterns. Branches moved as human extremeties but not really reaching out to anything in particular. More of, they seem to be waveing hello to me. 

At about T + 4 hours I wasn't peaking anymore though the trip was still quite intense. I went into the bathroom to look into the mirror. (I love to look into mirrors when I'm tripping.) I looked into my extremely dialated puples and I could see my face very vividly in them. My reflection within my eye was speaking, though I wasn't speaking, and I couldn't understand what it was saying. It kinda startled me so I sat down, put my headphones on, and opened my note book.

Music was wonderful on 2c-I. Not quite as great as shrooms and LSD, but it was very intresting. Causeing little emotional responce but seeming to be inside my mind and not sensored externaly. 

This is what I wrote in my notebook that night:

     Right now I'm on 2c-I. It is amazing.
     It is a lot like acid, but more purpleish.
     I find it difficult to put into words
     what my thoughts and feelings are at the
     moment. Everything is shimmering in heat waves. 
     Very psycadelic! 
   
     ALONE!!!!!
 
     There is a lot of discomfort and uneasyness...
     I think because of the setting ( I was in my bathroom alone.)
     I should feel very moved right now
     but instead all I feel is endless
     Sarrow. Why do I have to feel so alone...

     Just leave me alone...oh please God don't leave me alone!!!

     I love you.

This is a leason to be learned. While tripping, it is extreamly important to be in a good setting.  i don't know if it is the 2c-I or just what was going on in my life at the time, but for whatever reason it was not good for me to be alone.

What happened next was rather odd. I have never been into self mudilation, but I carved the word love into my. visualy it was increadible to see myself bleed. I stood up and looked back into the mirror and just kept telling myself (This is so real! You exist. This moment is now and here we are. Can you believe how real this is?

At about T+ 6 hours the effects began to ware off rapidly. I am not sure as to what really happened with all of this. I haven't had enough time to retrospect. But it was the most confuseing trip I have ever had. Again, it my not have been due to the 2c-I but instead my emotional problems I've been haveing.

Namaste...let the sun shine in!