INTRODUCTION:  On the night of 10-27-00, I was desparate to get high because I had been sober for 2 months.  My friend L was blabbing about combining drugs and he ended up betting me 1/4 oz. of marijuana that I woudn't do all of these drugs at once.  I agreed on the bet, and we gatherd up the drugs (I paid for the bud,dxm,alcohol,nutmeg, he got the datura, vicodin, and ritalin).  In case you're wondering, before this experience I had smoked weed, tripped off of dxm (only once, using 8 pills), tripped off of Datura (called moonflower where I live, I've taken it twice, both times eating all the seeds in one pod), and gotten drunk.  I had never tried vicodin, ritalin, or nutmeg before this.  There were 3 people involved, including me.  I will call my two friends 'L' and 'M.'  To prepare for the experience, we got all of the drugs I was going to take.  It was a Friday, so I was able to stay away from parents, cops, teachers, etc. for a few days (I went to L's house, along with M, L's father was home at first, but the only people at L's house from 12:45pm Fri. to 4:00 pm Sat. were me, M, and L).  We also got ice cubes, jolly ranchers, and orange juice.  We had everything ready and planned out by about 1:00 p.m.

All names and phone numbers have been changed.

The first thing I did was eat the (ugh) nutmeg (I had a full 1.1 oz. bottle of it).  I ate mouthfuls of nutmeg at a time, swallowed as fast as I could, then drank the orange juice.  I ended up eating that whole bottle of nutmeg (very hard to do without puking, I got very close to puking, but stopped myself).  I waited until 1:32 p.m., then I swallowed the DXM pills (Coricidin Cough+Cold, 16 pills, 480 mg. DXM).  At 1:45, I ate the moonflower seeds (2 pods with about 2 1/4 in. diameter, about 140 seeds, uncooked, not dried).  Then I snorted a little less than 1/2 of the vicodin pill and 1/2 of the ritalin pill.  I started feeling dizzy and light headed by 1:53.

At 2:40, I was still feeling the ritalin (I think it was the ritalin, I was hyper and dizzy, I also think that the moonflower trip had started too) and definately feeling the DXM.  I wanted a high of the weed, so I smoked about a dime (I had a quarter for me to smoke, L and M had 1/8 oz for them to share).  L and M smoked a couple bowls between them.  We just sat around and talked until about 3:10, when M was telling me I had better drink the alcohol and smoke the rest of the weed, because I would be trippin' too hard.  I smoked the rest of the weed, but it really hurt my throat (I had bad dry mouth from the moonflower).  I was sucking on ice cubes while I was smoking, and that helped a little, the jolly ranchers didn't work as good.  The last thing to do was drink the alcohol, so I drank a screwdriver that L made (with about 4 shots of vodka) and drank about a cup of Captain Morgan's Parrot Bay Coconut Rum (L's dad bought it and the vodka, then he left for work, he didn't know about the other drugs though).  I felt really f^ck@d up.  The only things I remember after this was watching parts of the first 5 or 10 minutes of Scream 3 (M rented it) and talking some.  The rest of the story is what L and M told me, I don't remember any of it except parts of my dream(s).

When we were watching the rest of the movie, I kept leaving the room.  M followed me, and I guess I just wandered around his house.  He would tell me to come back to the room, and I would respond by just blabbing on like 'Oh, he doesn't have the pipe, but I bet the gem will.' or 'seriously?  I thought you weren't.'  M would just then lead me back into his room.  I said something like 'arso the dog has burned my throat' and pointed to my mouth, then I tried to run to the bathroom, but I kept falling and stumbling, so I crawled to his trash can and puked in it twice in a row.  My eyes were very bloodshot, my pupils were dialated, and my eyes were wide open.  I peed my pants at about 4:00, and at 4:45 I could hardly breathe.  I tried to talk, but when no sound came out, I just pointed to my mouth and started crying.  I was drinking a lot of orange juice, and eating ice cubes and jolly ranchers to try to get rid of the dry mouth.  At about 6:25 pm., I passed out on the floor of M's room.  

In my sleep I was twitching a lot, and I was saying everything out loud.  (my friends stayed awake to make sure I didn't break anything, and sometimes I woke up and rearranged things for no reason (like putting a stack of paper in the freezer, and moving the tv around the room).  From 6:30 pm. to 3:20 am. I was talking, but I slept until 6:15.  These are some of the things my friends remember me saying:

'Seriously?' (I said that at least 8 times)
'Hi, is B there?'  'Isn't this 555-0934?' (B is one of my friends)
'Hi, is R there?'  'It's already 8:00, what's taking you so long?'  (R is my weed dealer, It was about 11 pm when I said that)
'Y, GET IN HERE!' (Y is my brother, I yelled it LOUD)
'Man, where'd the bowl go!?!? it was right here!' (I said this a lot, sometimes saying joint instead of bowl, and I would open my eyes most the times I said it)
'You can't do that already!!'

I remember everything after I woke up.

When I woke up, I was still tripping off the moonflower, but everything else had worn off.  I was hearing things and felt kinda drunk.  As for visual hallucinations, I only remember 2 (some moving green blob on my door, and color differences).  M told me 'why were you talking so much man, last night was so trippy to see you like that.'  I had no idea what he was talking about, then M and L told me about how I was talking for such a long time.  The only things I remember dreaming about were calling B on the phone and walking around my school.  I stayed at M's house, but L went home at 8:00 am.  I went home at 3:00 pm.  because M said I was talking to people that weren't there, but I stopped around 2:15 pm.  I was sick for about 3 days after that and L gave me that well-deserved 1/4 oz.  So, in conclusion, I would recommend never combining too many drugs.  What I did was very stupid and almost caused me to die.