Erowid Warning: This author erroneously reports using 'nitrous'. 

[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.]

It was about 4:00AM in the morning and my friends and I had just finished smoking the last bit of the quarterpound of marijuana we had bought a week before.  I only got three hits off of the waterbong, so I was only mildly buzzed.  I gave my friend $20 to go get a half ounce, and he soon drove away.

My other two friends in all sat around and listened to music a while, and I drank maybe two beers in the hour that he had been gone.  He later returned and explained that our dealer was 'dry'.  He did not return empty-handed though.  He held-in-hand a can of compressed air that was supposed to be used to clean out old computer motherboards and such.  

I knew what it was for right after reading the label, because on the back of the can in big bold letters it read, 'FEDERAL LAW PROHIBITS THE MISUSE OF THE CONTENTS OF THIS CONTAINER FOR ANYTHING OTHER THAN WHAT IT IS INTENDED FOR'.  This is what tipped me off that it DID contain nitrous, and not carbon which is sometimes used as an alternate propellant.

	We didn't have any balloons so at first I tried to fill a condom with the gas.  This didn't work because the nozzle of the can was specially shaped, so I could not do that.  I then got the idea of just covering the nozzle with a rag in order to keep from sucking up the liquid that occasionally came out.  I grabbed the can and covered the nozzle with a rag, then held it up to my lips and sucked in as much as I could.  I waited about twenty seconds, and nothing happened.  I knew that I had got something in my that was not just plain air, because I could taste it in the back of my throat.  I then took a second hit, waited  a few seconds, then began to go into an uncontrollable laugh.  The room began to swirl!  This feeling came over me that I could never explain in a million years!!  I felt like I did the first time I had smoked weed, only a hundred times as intense!  I fell onto my friends lap and began shaking my head back and fourth as fast as I could.

  This gave me the sensation that I was floating on air and nothing could ever bring be back down.  All of my friends began fighting over the can, and by the three of them were floating, I was ready for my third hit.  I took it and held it in for as long as I could, then said 'here ya go', and handed the can to my friend.  This was the first time I had talked with a breath full of nitrous.  I SOUNDED LIKE D.J. SCRIBBLE!  It was sooo cool.  My voice was slow and deep.  I assume that this is caused by the fact that nitrous must be heavier then regular oxygen, but I am not sure.  I assume this because helium is lighter than air and it makes your voice high pitched, so nitrous must be heavier, because it makes it slow and deep.



Anyway, this whole ordeal lasted about 30 minutes, and when the can was empty, we all went into the house.  We were just about ready to go to the store and get our second can, when a cop pulled up into the alley behind the house.  None of us got in trouble, but he expained to us that the neighbors had began complaining because we were laughing so loud they couldn't sleep!  SERIOUSLY!!  



We decided to cool down for the night because the sun was beginning to come up anyway.



All in all I rate my experience with nitrous an 8 out of a possible 10.  I had a headache for about 2 hours, and the rush was not really long enough.  Nitrous [Duster], though, is something I believe I will definatley do again.