I have been looking around online to find any powerful hallucinogenic drugs I can get OTC. I started reading about Diphenhydramine and was in disbelief that a OTC could produce such real hallucinations. I went to CVS and bought one box of benadryl allergy which contains 24 capsels with 25 mg of Diphenhydramine in each one. At about 9:00 that night, I took 20 capsels. I really don't remember much from that night, just feeling really heavy, and slight perceptional changes. I probaly fell asleep at 11:00.

I woke up at 3:35 in the morning. I had forgotten that I was on a drug. I went to my window because I heard some noises outside. When I looked outside I saw my cat, who had died 3 months ago, walking up my driveway. Even though I knew the cat died, it just seemed too real to be fake so I went to my closet to get some clothes on and go see my cat. I opened my closet door and was looking for clothes, I spreaded apart some shirts that were hung up when I saw what I thought was a big puffy cheeto. I remember thinking 'Why did my mom put a cheeto in my closet?' I then spreaded the shirts further apart and saw a giant orange bees nest. The bees started to come out of it. I freaked out and ran down stairs at 3:35 in the morning screaming to my mom that theres a giant bees nest in my closet. She followed me upstairs and looked in my closet. I was on the complete opposite side of the room, scard out my mind, seeing the bees flying around my mom and my mom swat at them. My mom said 'What bees?' She went back downstairs and I fell asleep.

At 5:30 in the morning, when my mom usually wakes me up for school, my mom came in an told me she was taking me to the hospital. Little did I know that she had called the police and told them she thought I was on some strange drug. I told her no and that I was going to school, she said that if I don't go with her, she will have the police take me there. I said whatever.

About 10 minutes later I looked out my window to see 2 cop cars pull up in my driveway. They came into my room and started asking me all these weird questions, I really don't remember them. They said they knew I was on something because my pupils were dialated and my speech was screwed up. They took me downstairs. One of the cops took my parents in another room while the other one stayed with me. Out of nowhere I saw my grandpa walk over and sit on a couch down the hall. He told me to get the scotch one. I looked over on the table and saw a box of chocaltes. I opened them up and was looking for the scotch one, when the cop suddenly asked what I was doing. I told him my grandpa told me to get the scotch chocalate. He said my grandpa's not here. The box of chocaltes turned out to be a metal plate. These hallucinations were so real I could not tell what was real and what was fake. And even if the hallucination didn't make sense at all, I believed it.

Eventually about 10 minutes later I got in the car with my mom and we started to go to the hospital. I looked over at my mom and it was her, I looked back a minute later and it was one of the cops, so real. I asked the cop where is my mom at, he told me she is following us. I looked back a minute later and it was my mom again. I looked in the rear view mirrow and saw my sister, who is in Germany right now, sitting in the back seat. I turned around and asked her why she is here, she said she's going to school. My mom asked who I was talking to and I told her. She told me that my sister was in Germany. I looked back and she was gone.

We arrived at the hospital, my mom signed in and soon after we were back in a room waiting. The door was open and I could see across the hall in another room. I saw 3 of my friends from school, D, J and E. They waved to me and I waved to them. I then saw my friend D hanging from the tv that was hooked on the ceiling. I told my mom 'Look, there's my friend D from school hanging from the tv.' She said there's no one there. I had to get a drug test and it came up positive for marijuana.

To end this confusing story, I saw a couple more hallucinations where I would have some in my hand, then I would drop it, and when I went down to pick it up, it was gone. That happened about 6 times. To me this is a very fun drug, but you should have a tripsitter so you don't run down the stairs at 3:35 in the morning screaming about a giant bees nest in you closet. But it was a very cool experience.