Mind set-
Ok, one day me and some friends decided to smoke some weed.  We were in a friend's house and a very comfortable situation, however I should have realized that I was under tension at this time in my life.  I was taking no other medication or drugs.

What happened--
In reality, I smoked, sat on the couch for an hour unmovable, got up and walked around mumbling weird things and blaming people for things, went swimming, ate.

What I saw happen--
There were four of us that I saw passing the bong around, when in reality only three of us did it.  (This whole next part was a trip and did not really happen.) I then got into this huge argument with my friend D. about whether he had smoked or not.  My friends J. and D. laughed because I was so messed up, and then proceeded to talk behind my back. They told me that I was permanently messed up and my life was over.  Then my friend D. started yelling at me, saying that I was going to die, and J. said that if I fell asleep I had a 10 percent chance of dying.  To make sure I was not asleep, I stared at D.'s leg. I could see all details. I got up and looked at the guacamole that my friend K. was making.  I saw the container and all.

(No longer tripping.)  Next, I sat down and then stood up, walked over to a corner and started asking D. why he told me that I was going to die.  They all were puzzled and told me that I had sat still in this chair for an hour and just now got up.  It was weird because I knew while tripping every thing that went on and it made it into my mind.  That and during the trip D. told me things about me and explained some things, like he was me talking to myself. Afterwards, my body was still stopping and starting as though I was sinking into my mind. I was so convinced for an hour after that I had fallen asleep and this was death.

I could not tell time, but it started at about 3:30 and the trip ended at 4:30, and the total experience ended at 5:00.

Overall, this was very strange because during the trip every thing was realistic - no funny colors or anything.  While it was extremely scary, in retrospect it was worth it.