Energy Movement With Mushrooms and Tai Chi

I did 140 wet grams of Psylocibin McKennaii in Amsterdam. I went to my hotel room and lay down. I then used my tai chi training in combination with the sacred medicine.  I used my breath to guide the energy through my body, out through the crown of my head and from the tantien, the place behind the navel.  The energy flowed through me completely unimpeded.  I entered a realm of white ornate mantels.  I saw (my hair is standing on edge now) ornate patterns of golden energy that washed across my body.  As the energy continued to flow the boundary between my body and the chi force evaporated.  It was not that I left my body, but that I had no body.  Bursts of energy flowed through me.  With the tai chi practice I was able to guide it Bursts of energy flowed through me.  With the tai chi practice I was able to guide it as if my hands and feet and belly were flame throwers shooting energy bolts of colors that can not be explained.  I became aware that I no longer needed to remain attached to my particular energy and I allowed my self to disappear.  Not only my body but what I had previously identified as me.  There was no pain or fear anywhere.  I then began to explore the organs of my body.  It was as if they had also become pure energy.  My muscles and bones and lungs and all were only the energy that was coursing through me.  I felt as if my entire body had gone through a healing as the organs function had been superseded by pure energy. (I subsequently have stopped a number of prescription meds with no ill affect at all.  Doctor approved.)

I became aware that I was experiencing was eternal and that I was accessing the realm of perfection and that I was connected to all existence with the power and the wisdom it contained.  At that moment I sent a burst of energy to my wife.  (Later she said that a colleague had entered her office at that time and told her she looked beatific.  It was what I had sent to her.) 

The experience was profound.  it is 3 days later now. For the moment I am not capable of feeling discord.  It is as if my brain has been re-aligned and what I see is beauty and grace. It is as if my brain has been re-aligned and what I see is beauty and grace.

I wish that I could put my hands on your forehead so that I might share this sacred light with you.



dshroom

http://i116.photobucket.com/albums/o17/dshroom2/CHI.jpg -->