Well, the night started like many at this time in my life. This experience takes place in late 2004. Some friends and me had obtained a ludicrous amount of research chemicals. We were dosing some chemical (2c-c, 2c-e, 2c-t-4, 4-ho-dipt, 5-meo-dmt or dxm) 4 days a week. This was the day it came back to bite me in the ass. Neither of us had to work the following day, so we decided to do some bioassays of 5-meo-dmt. I chose to augment this with 400mg of Dxm. S and B chose to skip the Dxm, just cannabis, No2 and 5-meo-dmt for them. I was feeling good, and returning to reality from a 3 whip-it balloon.

I had already smoked approx 30mg (it is impossible to get an exact number, what with pyrolisis and all) of 5-meo-dmt so far that night. We were putting about 10mg in the pipe every hour. The effect seemed to be cumulative with the Dxm. I was well off the peak of any of these doses, yet I was in a state far different than what is to be expected from Dxm and cannabis. I could still feel the characteristic 5-meo-dmt warmth that I get with every use. I thought (incorrectly) that this would ease the transition into the full 5-meo-dmt state. Damn, was I ever wrong.

We smoked a bowl of high quality cannabis and I had the bright idea to get a balloon ready (again, 3 canisters in a large balloon), take a big hit of 5-meo-dmt and inhale it into the balloon. Before going any further in this report, I MUST strongly advise against anyone trying this stupid fucking stunt, as the outcome was far from good. I loaded 15mg of 5-meo-dmt freebase into the glass bitch. I smoked another bowl of cannabis to prepare my mind for the raping it was about to receive. I had no idea what I was truly in for.

I turned on some Flogging Molly (Black Friday Rule, awesome tripping song), layed back on my bed and hit the pipe. It took a few seconds for the full amount of 5-meo-dmt to vaporize. I knew this was going to be fucking nuts before I even finished taking the hit. I held the smoke for a second, and then inhaled the cloud into my waiting balloon. This is where it all goes wrong. I was already the highest I had ever been from 5-meo-dmt, still, I began to inhale and exhale back into the balloon. The world began to "flutter" for lack of a better term. It was similar to the time skips in "The Butterfly Effect", then everything just went black. I was nothing. I was no longer a conscious being, I just was. There is really no way to portray this experience in words, but I will try anyway.

There was no reality, no fantasy, just black. The last thing I remember before this are some lyrics from the song. "Don't ask me no questions, don't fuck with my head"
In hindsight, it seems very fitting, and if you are familiar with the song, you have some idea of a timeframe for the experience. I was gone for eternity. I had no connection to reality at all. B says I was alert and asking questions which were just gibberish for the most part, of which I have no recollection. I had no sense of "I". In fact, at the time, I had no senses at all. There were none of the characteristic "wa-wa's" from the No2. I vaguely remember the combined tastes of No2 and 5-meo-dmt being sweet, yet synthetic and plasticy. 

Flash forward an eternity in my world, about 3 minutes in the real world. I began to feel a very strong apprehension, though I still had no contact with reality by any means. I was not me, I was nothing but undefinable fear, not the most enjoyable thing I have been through. Slowly, I began to reconnect with my surroundings, and began to again be able to see (which was an amazing feeling given the circumstances) Black Friday rule was still playing on the stereo, though it is a long song to begin with. I came to as the line "The buildings they shake and my heart it beats still, oh mother of jesus I feel pretty ill" was playing. My eternal nightmare actually lasted around 3 minutes. Time truly is relative. 

After I returned to this reality, I felt as if I have been the sensation of death. There is nothing more frightening to me than nothing at all. After you have lost all contact with this reality, and all others, you will have a far greater appreciation for the things you were without for a very short (though endless) period of time. I have since learned my fucking lesson about 5-meo-dmt. I am far more cautious using it in any circumstances.