I had never really enjoyed pills or the thought of doing pills until recently when I was supplied a prescription of painkillers. I went for the suggested dose into recreationally multiplying that does each time further (chewing up and snorting). A friend of mine often swam in the deep end of the drug world and was quite experienced and pleased with Ambien. I found an old prescription bottle laying around the house from a relative who no longer used the drug, I called him up trying to find out how many to take to get the high he swore by, but he did not call me back in time for me to know. I grabbed one 10 mg pill along with a 6 Vicodin (mg?) I bought a few days before. Off to school!

I chewed up 2 Vicodin and snorted one. The normal pill high kicked in and classes floated by. Lunch came, I had since taken two more Vicodin (I was not aware of the deadliness and harm to your liver the Acetaminophen in Vicodin was at this time) and decided to chew up the Ambien. I went back to school, felt a little stupid, lots of short term memory loss, and got sleepy.

Well, my first experience was nothing great and I couldn't tell what was the Ambien and what was the Hydrocodone. A week later, another opportunity arose. A friend had a prescription and gave me two for free. Feeling confident with my tolerance to the drug I chewed them up that night and went to hang out with an large group of friends. I never got a mind high, I never thought in a strange manner or had any insight like from a psychedelic, but that wasn't expected from just another pill. Besides, these are so small, 10mg, how strong could it be. Oh how I was wrong.

My friend was driving me and another friend of ours around (he had too taken Ambien) and when we finally reached our destination, I was convinced I wasn't high. I opened the door of the car and fell over. As soon as I hit the ground the impact 'vibrations' reverberated throughout my body and I my muscles felt as if they were made of lead. It was difficult to get up, but not impossible. I felt like I was stumbling up to the front door of where we were going, but all the sober people around me said I was walking fine and upright.

Having conversation was a bit difficult by this time, about an hour into the drug. I would hear something they would say, and just stare off into the distance thinking about my response, without responding. I sometimes would snap back to reality and reply to them at least 30 seconds later, and sometimes I would merely walk away, thinking about what they said, and continuing the conversation in my mind with myself. I sat back down and a few minutes into sitting down, I felt like the drug was starting to wear off. Everything around me looked 'pleasantly awkward.' At times I felt like people were staring at me, but not in a paranoid sense. I would just giggle to myself, usually only in my head, and not bother talking to anyone. Enjoying the view in front of me, (I was somewhat sitting in a corner watching everyone interact), my other friend on Ambien walked up to me.

'Pick this table up,' he said. It was a granite top table and quite heavy.

'I just had a dream you picked it up, and I want you to do it,' he continued. I had a few thoughts of 'What the fuck are you talking about?' in my head, but I quickly swept them away telling myself that he too was high, and it made sense on some level somewhere.

So I walked over to the table and tried to pick it up. Walking once again was a feat, and my arm muscles were even harder to work than my legs. I couldn't pick it up. He then said 'I couldn't pick it up either, so pick me up and drop me on my back.' We were indoors and I didn't think much of it. After trying for a minute or so trying to maneuver him around into my arms, we both gave up because we had almost no motor skills or coordination. During this whole episode of trying to pick a table up and my friend up, I completely forgot where we were and was totally involved with the task at hand. I was later told almost everyone stopped talking and just watched me and my friend walk around trying to pick shit up.

The trip continued for quite a while. I ate them at 8 pmish, and was still quite high when I arrived home around midnight. It was difficult to sleep, and according to my Ambien-experienced pal that is quite normal. I dozed off at 3 AM and slept until 6 feeling so refreshed like had slept for days.

It's a hell of a drug and have had some crazy trips since then, once involved a bunch of narcotics the day before, than taking Ambien on an empty stomach. I proceeded to hallucinate quite violently. I walked through an orange while someone was peeling it, somewhere in the depths of my mind and got disturbing double-vision. When I closed one eye I would see single, but the two eyes would not work together which resulted in cars driving into trees and coming out of the other side of buildings and such. It's not just another pill.

I would not suggest taking more than 4. The most I have taken it 2.5 but I hear that anymore more than 4 you lose all memory of what happened and don't remember anything after an hour before you take the pills. I suggest taking them on a full stomach and with plenty of water. It's a hell of a drug.