The following is an account of my first experience with Morning Glory Seeds on the 13th of May, 2004: 

My only previous experiences with psychedelics include a single time on shrooms, extensive research and many experiments with Salvia Divinorum, and cannabis(if that even counts). 

The weekend before this experiment I had planned on getting some shrooms for that Saturday night, but that had fell through. I spent a good portion of Sunday doing some research on shrooms, I had done previous research but it had been a while so I was just refreshing my memory. After looking at the mushroom section I somehow wandered over to the nutmeg section and from there the morning glory section where I proceeded to read everything I could about it for the next 6 hours, I was fascinated and ended my night by purchasing from an online source that I had previously had good results purchasing salvia from. 

I continued reading about the seeds until Thursday when they arrived at my apartment. In anticipation that they would arrive I hadn't eaten that day except for an orange early that morning. Excited, I headed to the store to purchase a food chopper (a little jar with a spring loaded lip with razors attached to it), bottled water, and some applesauce. Returning home, I began to prepare. After all my research I had decided that for my first experiment with the seeds I would grind them, soak them in water, drink the water and then eat the leftover mush with applesauce. I had read about all the nausea and heard that if you only drank the water much of that could be avoided, but I also read that it was much more effective if you ate the seed mush too, well I read varying accounts but decided that I might as well start with the most surefire way to get affects. 

I started with only 75 seeds to see how my body would react. I chopped them up in the chopping device, which I realized wasn't really up to par with how I expected it to work, soaked them for 20 minutes and then drank the water, I added a little sugar and it wasn't really as bad as I expected, I then ate the mush with applesauce, which was a little worse then the water had been but not hard to get down at all. 

I waited. After about 5 or 10 minutes I started to feel something, but wasn't sure if this was all in my head or not and continued waiting. While I was waiting I chopped up and began soaking the remaining 150 seeds. I also broke the brand new chopping device in the process, stupid cheap thing. After about 30 minutes the nausea began, but wasn't anything too horrible. I waited a full hour before consuming the remaining 150 since I decided that I could handle them. This time I got the liquid down ok by chasing with orange juice. I could not manage to eat all the mush mixed with the applesauce this time though, the resulting nausea from the first 75 seeds was causing me to start gagging on it after getting the first half down. 

Again, I waited, now having almost 250 seeds in me. I was already feeling a little 'different' from the first 75 and this just kept intensifying for the next hour, along with the nausea. Within a half hour of eating the seeds I needed to lie down as my stomach was in quite a bit of pain. Along with this I had a slight headache, which had started after the first 75, but never got too bad throughout the entire experience. I decided to take 1 Dramamine tablet. I laid in bed for about an hour since I thought I was surely puke if I didn't, and I wanted to avoid this, not so much because vomiting isn't a very pleasant activity, but more because I wanted to let the seeds digest and get into my system. I was also feeling the sedative properties of the LSA, as my limbs were getting heavy. At about 5:30 the nausea was still bothering me but it was quite a bit better. 

The following is one of the most enjoyable parts of the night. I went out into my living room and put RadioHead into my stereo. I laid down on the couch with the remote and began to stare at things to see if anything looked different. I didn't really notice any visual hallucinations as I had previously had on shrooms, things just looked very slightly different. As I lay there I began to 'feel' the music. It was amazing, I lay there and stared at the patterns on the couch as the music penetrated every part of my being. It was almost orgasmic, as I lay there and kind of swayed with it, moving my body very slowly around, and kept turning the music up louder and louder. 

Sadly, this didn't last too long though, as my roommate S got home and I had to tell her what I had been experiencing, mainly terrible nausea up until that point. S made some tuna and asked if I wanted some, I hadn't eaten all day so I decided to make a very small sandwich. This was a very bad idea, for the next few hours I was in pretty terrible pain and went in my room to fall in and out of sleep, which was quite pleasant oddly enough despite the pain my body was in. I think I had several strange dreams during this time but don't remember them. 

At about 8:30 or so S returned home (I guess she had gone out somewhere) with her friend E. They asked how I was doing and I told them 'terrible.' They told me to come drag my foof chair (giant beanbag thing I had been sleeping on) out in the living room and watch the movie 'Thirteen' with them. My stomach had settled a bit to about how it was when I was listening to music earlier, so I agreed. The next 2 hours watching the movie wasn't too out of the ordinary, I just noticed that the movie looked 'trippy' and I felt slightly euphoric. Kind of hard to describe, I wasn't really 'high,' and remained clear-headed, but I had a nice little body buzz I guess you could say. 

After the movie they left and I was actually able to eat some food without my stomach complaining, even ate some pizza. The rest of the night was pretty uneventful, just had some other friends come over and we sat around and talked and played Nintendo. I continued to have the same body buzz until about 2:30am, which means the effects lasted about 11 hours from time of ingestion, and went to bed at about 4:00am having no trouble sleeping at all. 

Today is the day after and I am noticing no ill side effects, I feel just great. Despite the overly negative experience yesterday, for some reason I think fondly of it, and I do think that these little black seeds merit further experimentation. I think I need a higher dosage of the LSA, but also need to find a way to reduce nausea a great deal, perhaps an extract.