I had my first brush with opioid addiction about two months ago.

First, I would like to give a little background on myself. I have been an avid drug user/psychonaut since my first Psilocybe experience at the age of 13. I enjoy the effects of psychedelics and feel that if they are used properly, a person can learn a great many things about themselves, the universe, and spirituality. On the other hand I like the effects of other substances, but feel that they take you places that you don't want to be.

Anyway, down to my story. One day a friend told me that he was receiving 250 40mg Oxycontin from a f.o.a.f. 'Cool I said, I've tried those before, they kick ass!' My friend decided to sell a few since he was broke and needed some cash. I couldn't believe how bad people wanted them/needed them. The phone was ringing off the hook for days, we were hounded by oxyheads day and night. The only other drugs that I have seen that do this are heroin, coke, and speed. People get down right nasty for this stuff. So much for the conception of a harmless pharmaceutical!

We began to use the pills recreationally, sucking off the time release, crushing and snorting them. I should have got the hint when we started having to use more and more to achieve the desired effect. I was up to about 160 mgs for a heady, stony feeling. I never really craved the things, I just kept doing them because they were free, and I was bored.

But eventually, the day came when we ran out. That's when the opioid monster kicked my ass. I was alright for a day. (I can feel a large dose of oxy into the next day, that's probably why the withdrawal was delayed.) Then at the end of the day at work, I began to feel ill.

Sweating, headache, blurred vision, EXTREME nausea/vomiting. (Don't that sound like fun?) These were just some of the symptoms that I can put into words. I then realized that I hadn't taken a shit in about 6 days, it was a great time trying to rid myself of that load, let me tell ya! These symptoms lasted for about two days, slowly subsiding on the third.

I've tried every kind of mind-altering substance you can think of, and this by far has the worst withdrawal. (In my opinion, worse than meth.)

Now I can't even think about those things without feeling sick to my stomach. I'm lucky that I didn't feel any of the psychological addiction, I can't imagine wanting more!

My advice, everything in moderation. It doesn't matter what the drug, if I overdo it I am in risk of losing my sanity, loved ones, my soul, and my life. If I want to get high, I stick to marijuana, if I overdo that, I am in risk of raiding the fridge and falling asleep.