About 6 months ago, I printed out 8 pages regarding the use of psycadelics and yoga that I obtained from this sight. I read the information and was quite intrigued because I had always thought that psychedelics could have great avails if used properly. However, at the time I printed out the report; I was mentally very disturbed and trying to get my life back together. I had experimented with many different types of drugs which included a large amount of E (which was the reason I stopped using drugs). Before I got into E, I had experimented with mushrooms several times and LSD once. I felt that I had released some negative energy from my sub-conscousness because of the psychedelics. My family has had a history of depression and I believe the LSD (maybe the E too) worked as a catalyst for perpetuating the disease. Most of the mushroom trips I was experiencing were getting worse each time I did the drug. I was using the drug to enhance worldy activities such as tripping out on movies or watching peoples faces melt at parties and what not. 

But last weekend, I finally decided I would do mushrooms again (hadn't done mushrooms for about a year and a half) because I was mentally alot more stable (been off drugs for a while and just happier with the progress of my life). This trip took place in my apartment. Myself and a friend each took a gram of mushrooms (they were good mushrooms but I would still consider it a low dose) and decided we would combine it with Yoga. The article explained that through repeated yoga practices with psychedlics; an individual could obtain a state of pure consciousness. Insted of releasing uncontrolled negative energy, the technique would allow you to focus all your spiritual energy on the attention itself. I had no FUCKING idea what this would entail. Anyways, we decide to try the yoga technique that is called 'Meditation on the Light in the Head'. It involves focusing your attention on your third eye (refer to the erowid pages for full directions). As the mushroom trip began, we tried the technique a few times but could not achieve the goal (we were not high enough yet). But finally we both layed down and began the meditation and are eyes were closed for about twenty minutes.

Here's what I experienced from what I can recall. It was like travelling through the depths of my mind on a roller coaster or something. The farther I went; the more intense things got. Colors were flying towards me as I felt like I was crossing different zones in my sub-consciousness. It was like chasing your soul through a fucking maze or some shit. The pages explain that you have to concentrate on the smallest point of your vision within the third eye and pierce through that point. That is what I did and the rush that came with it was an extra bonus. It was relaxing but intense at the same time. As I doved further into the mind, my body felt like it was in complete exctacy (similar to the drug). It was like a full body orgasm and I felt like I was ready to blow up. My body was twitching a little but it felt fucking good.  I then reached a zone where I felt like I was out of my body and could see myself flying but I was still FULLY aware of my surrounding the whole time while I was meditating (I could hear the veichles out side and what not). 

Finally, it felt like I reached a platue of some sorts like the page described. Everything was white and I felt like I had reached the final stage or something, that's when I willingly broke out of the trance bursting with laughter. My friend was very upset that I broke his trance with my outburst. He was having a great time inside his mind and wanted to go back. It was like he was a phene for crack or some shit. He was really mad that I broke his concentration. It was like the matrix or something. When we would come out of the meditation......we didn't even feel that high......it was fucked up. So we did the technique 3 times and everytime we did it, it got easier to break through the different zones inside the mind. We were both in awe of what happened that night. This was the first mushroom trip I've had that I actually enjoyed the whole trip. 

I'm going to use Yoga whenever I use psychedelics now. If Psychedelics have a purpose......then that purpose is that the magic be used for self exploration--not for worldy things like movies or raves or whatever. I've done alot of drugs and I have never experienced anything like this. It was FUCKING AMAZING. It's too early to say what the after effects are but I must admit.....I'm very curious what a higher dose of pschedelics will do when combined with Yoga. I would like to thank the author Sri Brahmarishi Narad and Erowid for posting this up for public use.