I combined 20mg of 2C-I with 10mg of 2C-E.  I was going into unknown territory.

Set and Setting: an old friend of mine died earlier that day. I had planned to take the trip at a party that night; I got the call just as I was preparing to leave my apartment. I sat down and thought about it for a good twenty minutes. Should I still do it?

I resolved to go ahead with my plan. What else am I going to do, stay home and be depressed? Get drunk and maudlin?

The party took place on a nice plot of land out in the country. I was surrounded by fields, trees, and good friends. I took the medicine shortly after arriving.

Within two hours, I was walking through the set of a Tim Burton movie.

The alien stillness of the 2C-I combined with the morphing and blurring of the 2C-E for a powerful effect. Everything looked bent and surreal. Trees moved without wind. I saw a pile of logs morph into a set of dinosaur bones and sink into the earth. A pile of mulch became a grave.

I had what most would consider a 'bad trip' - but this led me to believe that it's not the content that matters, but what I do with it. I saw visions of my friend's lifeless body lying on a cold slab under fluorescent lighting. I saw coroners tearing him apart. I imagined him afraid in his final moments.

These visions were horrible, but necessary. All were things that I would have been thinking about for weeks; the psychedelics helped me to work through most of it in a single night. I felt no sadness - I don't know if this was an effect of the chemicals or if I was simply still in shock. I didn't freak out.

I found that I could carry on several separate conversations simultaneously. This amused my friends to no end.

 [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!] 

The ride home was interesting. The yellow and white lines of the road stood out like neon.

I couldn't sleep a wink. Even after the peak, I remained in a psychedelic buzz until the following afternoon, when I was finally able to rest. I slept only a few hours before waking refreshed.

I did grieve over the next few days. Psychedelics can't replace simple human feelings. Even so, I feel that the experience helped me in some way.