The experiance began when me and two of my friends came into 2000mg of zoloft (seratraline hcl, a potent ssri). We all have had previous experiance with zoloft, so we were not too hesitant about dropping. We went to my friend S's to enjoy the chemical.

We all dropped around 8pm. By 9pm we were all feeling the first surges of the chemical. When zoloft comes on it feels like a cross between meth and acid. You can expect fixed, dialated pupils for 48+ hours, feelings of euphorea, extreme energy, and amazing cev's and some oev patterining.  I do not know of many other groups or people who use zoloft recreationally. But back to the experiance.

We spent the night with a house full of people on a plethera ov other substances (dxm, diphenhydramine, 5-meo-dipt, amt and more). We were all well aquainted so it was a very comfortable environment to be in. The night went off without a hitch and I decided to try to sleep (very diffacult) while J and C went to find some bud and other substances. They returned with a oz of bud and a ball of coke.

The three of us went on a long outdoor walk to get rid of excess energy and smoke some bud.  We spent a lot of the day just trippin, stoned and happy. we did not realize we still had an 8ball of coke until around 7pm. the three of us went back to my house to do some lines and chill. We went through about a gram a piece (contrary to what we had expected, the coke had more of a relaxing effect than a stimulating one in combo with zoloft).  All of a sudden there was a lot of comotion upstairs and in our fucked up state, we thought it was the landlord. J freaked and snorted all of the blow that was left. within minutes it was obvious that somthing was wrong

J began to have trouble communicating with Me and C. C had him lay down while went to get some water and supplies. When I returned, I checked J's pulse and it was around 150 bpm. C and I knew this wasnt rite so we began to get very worried. With his body temp and pulse increasing, I started to try to find a ride to take him to the hospital, but to no avail. Suddenly J said that he was having chest pains and we needed to go right now. Luckily about the time this was going on, my brothers girlfriend came over(car!). I tried to explain the situation to her, but she was worried about legal ramifications for her and was hesitant to drive.

We took J outside too cool off, and as I was trying to explain the seriousness of the situation to my brothers gf, J colapsed in the road by her car. I imediatly ran to him and felt for a pulse, and while there was one it was weak and irregular. I smacked him in the face several times before he began to become responsive again. it was 5-10 minutes before he began to talk sensably again.

Seeing J colapse like that was obviously scaring my brothers gf into realizing that I was not fucking around about how bad this was. We loaded him into the car and started the drive to the hospital. In the car on the way, he had another loss of consciousness which made the driver freak out and go to S's instead of the hospital. She dumped us off there because she had never been around an anything like this and had no idea how to handle herself. 

Once we were there we had more support but once again no car to go to the hospital with. Luckily after about another hour, J began to improve and was able to fall asleep by about 3am. The hole ordeal had us all drained, so after J was asleep we crashed out, but had one of the sober sitters keep an eye on him overnight while we slept.

This was one of the most frightening moments of my life, and I am very thankful about the whole thing ending the was it did.

Peace and be safe!