I discovered the presence of the drug DMT in the bark of Acacia Maidenii. I extracted roughly a gram of sparkly browny red powder from half a kilogram of stripped bark. 

Originally i had planned to smoke the DMT when i was not under the influence of any other drug. Once i was drunk though, the idea of some DMT was very appealing to me so i went about preparing a vapourising device. I sucked in about 750mg of the vapourised powder, taking into consideration the small percentage of DMT in the extracted material. The effects I felt from this were obvious, but not as much as i had expected. I continued to smoke until i relised that i had dropped the glass vapourising device and was now lying on the kitchen floor. The sedating effects of the alcohol were lost by a frenzie of energy and mildish hallucinations. I was completely out of control and out of my mind. I think either the alcohol or perhaps a higher tolerance to DMT stopped me from completly going over the edge. Whilst the hallucinations and hyperactive behaviour continued i inhaled one bulb of Nitrous Oxide. 

The next memory of what happened was being tied up with computer cable by three friends who were unaware of my extreame condition. I was Physically overwhelmed by people, unable to move. This proved to be the most frieghtning experience of my life and sent me into uncontrolable fits of tears and periods when i could not breathe. From this point on only strange snippets of the next four hours are availible to my memory.

The alcohol seemed to slow down my brain enough to delay the effects of the DMT or to take the edge off the experience. The nitrous contributed to the extreme tactile hallucinations and  to the frenzy of behaviour. I could not feel any physical pain but extreme anxiety and terror. I was in fear of being murdered, tortured etc. This was obviously a major exaggeration  by my contition but never the less it still completely freaked me out and undoubtably caused the erratic behaviour that followed in the next 3-4 hours.