She shining out through slits and stars and lights like behind the curtain slinks of wood nymph frosty beauty with milky warmth of happy life mid-west American evenings drawing in that special colour and air density beautiful nights out in the late light of summer in the soft white world beautiful comfort turning the handle of the music box sweet words and movements of love tingling hairs soft touch on skin. True motion and vigour of life and love. In her the only one colourful eyes pinball smile her soft solace - in her - now you in her I show my softness, which is always for her and now for you. In my sweet sleep even in this bubble I am haunted by visions and memories - dark spirits rustle across the ceiling in shadows - we are them and they are us - every possible symbiosis in a grand, impossible cram - dispersed - pinpoint blown apart by reverse vacuum - everything in nothing. Wake in the night to dark spirits rustling - and again in sweat and visions - twice more in the night - symbols come to me, living data in big mad continuous reams some semiotic computer life. Wake to sun spill and white sheets our little world away birds tweeting from outside in the suburb's verdant bushiness - fresh skin and gold laced soft blondeness amongst the whites, my precious. In the fuzzy queezing cloud of your chemical love energy flows between us. The horridness is still without. Snuff letter box. Murky watercolour dream imaginings muddy eyed night decline and rot in and out of you dirty off-white corridors of bureaucracy like a panopticon of the self, or what it hides from. Along slow and floating nausea shells encroaching under barlamps past doors swaying against smeared corridor walls cigarette butts dirt and gum specks and marks encrusted to the plasticky floor standing sliding down the corridor on piss rain water come and blood - the walls pulse and sweat blood in the sweat - sliding walls and floor smeared covered in blood sweat and filthy water thick dry tracts of dust and dirt in it - walls rotting hideous round holes eating in and sweating out - past seven doors a door swings open - pink purple black light at the end of the corridor light flares flick out 7 - stutters and skips in the image tracking twisting reel in my head shell shaped and smell lights flick out eyes flick open.
Breakfast. I just realise I haven't eaten for more than 24 hours. Sun eggs and smiles. Fresh juice cool tv skin sun beams through and across the room shafts - glass boxes - soft movements of love flowers and water over the floor smash glass vase from doing it over coffee table soft cushions of the sofa fruit and juice on soft peach belly - squeeze - true and fresh - calm - freeness flowing love and life in the bubble contamination free - again and again pressing against and in her. This is going in you k now. Reawake noon move-on wrap suck sniff ffff sweet deja-vu synchronicity. Out on the move again. street punk sonic youth in her twenties teen blue t-shirt hangs from her breasts pub poster cool kid - t-shirt chick - think intrigue layered in different acts for different people. Secrecy acts. Then apply its sharp steel and glass frame invisibly to her soft form - love her arms what will she and it become now I have it?