After sharing a bottle of CVS brand cough syrup, a friend and I decide to go relax in a nearby sandwich shop and wait for the DXM to kick in.  In the middle of a sandwich, I suddenly feel very dizzy and let my head droop a bit... When I looked up, it was quite apparent that the trip has started.  I am totally disoriented and for some reason my head is incredibly itchy.
[erowid note: itchyness & allergic reactions to large doses of DXM are quite common.]

When we get up to leave, I have a lot of trouble walking to the car. My limbs just don't want to move.  We drive down the road and stop at a gas station so my friend, M. can go to the bathroom.  While he is gone and I am in the car alone, my head is itchy badly and I realize that this is the beginning of a bad trip.

This is my first trip on DXM, but I am an experienced tripper and I have no problem focusing and bringing myself back into a positive mood.  M. is gone for what seems like an eternity and when he comes back, I try to explain to him what I was experiencing while he was away, but he was unable to understand my feeble attempt at communicating with him.  I was GONE!!!  We drove to the nearby highschool where some of my friends were getting out of a play practice and M. decided he had to go to the shitter again.  When he came back, we went to my house. When I tried to get out of the car, I couldn't walk, and we decided that it wouldn't be good if my mom saw me like that. So, we got back in the car and left.  We knew that there weren't many places that we could go with me being in the condition I was in, so we went to his work, a fast food restaurant, where everyone would be cool with my intoxication.  After M. half carried me into the establishment, I crawled to the nearest booth, in front of many customers, and put my head down on the table.  I couldn't see anything at this point.  My vision was blurry, and I was tripping hard.  When M. pointed out some hot girls on the other side of the restaurant, I couldn't even see them.  We stayed sitting there for the next 2 hours, not knowing what to do.  Finally, when we had sobered up a little, we went back to my house and chilled.