Note:
1. No medication was taken 2 weeks prior to this experience. 
2. I have explored many various psychoactive in the past.
3. I am a very mellow individual with little stress. 

Substance: Morning Glory Seeds (variety: Heavenly Blue) 

Amount: 900 Seeds 

Method Of Ingestion: Oral 

Mindset: Nonchalant, not expecting to receive any great effects, an overall boring day. Absence of positive or negative Stimulus, A small meditative preparation was made prior to the experience.

Setting: A modern environment; psychedelic posters covering the walls of the small bedroom in an empty house, light ambient music from a computer. 

The Experience: My partner, whom I trust and love, prepared the 450 Morning Glory seeds by grinding them to almost a powder in an ordinary coffee bean grinder, then carefully placed the powdered seeds in several empty gel capsules of '00' size. On a basically empty stomach I consumed the many capsules with orange juice and water. I then sat on the bed with my partner and had conversations about various in-depth topics. This carried on for 1 hour. After the hour I began to feel abdominal discomfort that could be closely described as nausea and cramps. 

2 hours after I consumed the gel caps I still had no psychological or physiological effects aside from an unusually short attention span and pupil dilation. Thinking the seeds I bought were low in potency, I asked my partner to prepare another 450 seeds in the same manner. This later turned out to be a very big mistake. 

About 4 hours after the first gel caps, and about 2 hours after the second gel caps, it was time for my partner to leave to go home. Thinking I would be fine without supervision, I agreed to be alone in the house. 

Soon after my partner left I started a slow peak. My pupils were dilated beyond comprehension from what I could see in the mirror. I saw only a think line of color surrounding my pupil. The entire room I was in became a swirl. The walls had a signature drip to them in comparison to lsd. I felt as though I was not emotionally ready for the journey my mind was about to take. I was right. As I began to peak I lost a sense of all the good things in my life. I became engulfed in a sense of depression. But the depression all made perfect sense - my mind wasn't just picking and choosing random negative things about my life, my mind took what I was ashamed of, what I was afraid of, and what I knew about my self and my life and multiplying the negative feelings they brought. Everything in my past that I buried in the back of my conscience resurfaced only to be relived all over again. 

My vision became distorted. If I turned my head I could still see what I saw in the other direction. Objects began to take on shapes that were not of their on. Colors collided with an artless precision. Noises from the computer were very loud as they were being heard from my head, and not my ears. 

These weird and profound mental/visual hallucinations continued throughout the next 4 hours... I tried at some point on the fall of the peak to sleep. I closed my eyes but it felt like I could still see everything. I finally managed to become still, or so I thought, after 20 minutes of what I thought was still I looked down at my body on the bed only to see I had been moving my body in a rhythm as if dancing. I tried to be still again... unsuccessful, I couldn't stop my body from moving. 

I later fell asleep without realizing it. I woke up in the morning with a headache, a stomachache, a depressed attitude towards life, and traces of visual distortion.

Physical effects: Noticed major effects on your abdominal area; pains from places I've never felt before. During the peak, my skin became red and covered with rashes, although I cannot verify this due to my vision at the time. 

Mental/emotional: Opened me up completely - b/c of my regretful past this proved to be quite un-nerving, be sure to prepare your mind for what your about to go through. 

Overall: I don't see any potential for this substance to be recreational at this dose. Could possibly be used for personal exploration due to the level of intensity on your ego. The following day was pretty depressing, but after that I slowly developed a big appreciation for my life and myself. I actually grew happier over a couple of weeks.