This is a story that didn't happen to me at all, but rather happened to my friend's pet walrus.  Luckily I have a telepathic connection with this walrus and was able to get the following story from him:

2:30pm - Took one pill of what was supposed to be ecstasy but reported effects of others who had tried it made it sound more like MDA. 

3:10pm - Began calling friends and reporting on the strength of these rolls, which only took 30 minutes to kick in on an empty stomach.  

3:30pm - Realized something wasn't quite right with the roll: the sudden overpowering waves of pleasure and the extremely loving thoughts I normally associate with MDMA were not there, and there was much more enhancement of colors and music than is normal to MDMA for me.  Fun, but not what I was expecting.

4:00pm - Went to buy hair dye and bleach with some friends, managed to lose my credit card and confuse the hell out of lots of sober people.  Tried hugging a friend, but none of the usual MDMA pleasure was associated with it, just the same continuous euphoric body buzz.

5:00pm - Dyed hair, took shower.  Body buzz dying down and slowly turning into something more like a low dose acid trip without the body feelings of acid, if that makes any sense.

6:00pm - Another friend showed up, and I loaned him one of the 'rolls' and took another myself.  Left the dorms and headed to his house.

7:00pm - Bought his girlfriend one and drove around a little bit.  This is when the hallucinations began in full force.  Every shadow and person began turning into demons out of the corner of my eye.  It was very obvious that they were hallucinations to me, because I was fairly clear-headed at the time.  Began to experience feelings of separation from others, something that would NEVER happen to me on MDMA even alone.  This continued for the next 3 hours or so, and was entertaining.  Extreme jaw clenching, shaking, and so on at this point.  There were also 3 second gaps where vision would skip and everything would jerk to the next frame.

10:00pm - Began to be pissed off at everyone (another thing that doesn't happen on MDMA) for leaving and not talking to me.  Got depressed, and laid around feeling sorry for myself for a couple of hours, something I don't tend to do when sober.

5:00am - Interestingly, this is when the visuals REALLY kicked in.  I woke up to go to the bathroom and noticed a moving glowing pink flower pattern on every wall in the house.  While urinating a black ooze began to seep up out of the toilet and spin around on the bowl.  A towel started flickering in and out of existence every few seconds and turning into shag carpeting.

7:00am - Wanted to go to class, but flowers on the walls convinced me otherwise.  

12:00am - Most effects gone, still some body numbness from lack of good sleep.

Another friend repeated my experiment the next night and threw up several times, but agreed that the visuals were the best ever and that he would do it again.  Probably not worth 50$ though, but it was an interesting experience that pretty much reinforced my love of hallucinogens, despite some of the bad thoughts of the night.