My day started out like any other, scrounging some money to go and hang out with my friends and have a good time.  I have ample experience with many drugs, including weed, alcohol, xanax, other pharmaceuticals, ketamine, dxm, etc.  Usually, we just all decide on the drug of choice for the evening and proceed to enjoy it.  This day happened to be a day for xanax.

Now, usually I am more prudent when I mix any substances and pay attention to all of the contraindications and all that stuff, so I felt comfortable with this combination.  I have done it before but never to the point I came to.  Me and my best friend, along with another friend who only planned on drinking to get a buzz, picked up 6 sticks of xanax from one of my dealers.
Eventually we found our way to another friends keg party in his backyard. $5 for a cup, with access to 3 kegs and free shots of liquor.  We sat down, took 3 sticks (6 mg) each of the pills, and get in line for the brew.

About 20 mins later I had already drank about 5 or 6 cups of beer, and was getting into a really good buzz.  So, rather stupidly, I decide to take advantage of the free shtos and plant a bottle of Smirnoff in front of me.  After knocking back two shots I quickly went from buzzed to drunker than I ever thought I could I quickly went from buzzed to drunker than I ever thought I could be.  Aprroximately 5 minutes later I blacked out and my next memory was in my room waking up to my sister questioning me on my night's activities.  I was clueless... not a single memory from the time I was in the keg until I got home.

The feeling of Xanax and alcohol combined is pretty much pure Euphoria, but I learned the harsh way that the dosage is not something I should ever try to push to the limit.  One beer can be the difference between pure fun and near comatose symptoms.  I was lucky enough to have two great responsible friends who eventually got me home safely.  But the 4-5 hours between the end of my memory and the time my mother found me passed out outside my house somehow is complete blackness and silence.  It was the scariest experience of my (short) life.  It was almost as if I was awake deep down and 'aware' of my unconsciousness for what seemed to be forever.  I thought I was dead.  In fact...I KNEW I was dead.  It turns out though I was really just slipping in and out of consciousness while my friends were scared I would die.  In the end, this taught me not to mix any substances without knowing beforehand the limits and having responsible people around me at all times.  I am too scared to ever touch Alprazolam ever again, and plan on eliminating it from my life completely.<!--Please, be careful, because blacking out isn't fun and neither is dying.-->