July 14, 4:25 pm, 40 mg of 4-acetoxy-DiPT in a gelcap, 175 lbs

This was my second experience with this compound, bumped up to 40 mg after my first time at 32 mg, but taken on a completely empty stomach this time. The difference was notable; it was a much more substantial experience this time.  I was just plain blown away... but indescribably so. Somehow, I was tripping my balls off, but I don't know why or how!

I am still at a loss for words to describe the experience accurately, even more so then with other entheogens.  Imagine a 500 mcg LSD trip, but take away all the fireworks: No visuals to speak of, save for a few subtle moments; no emotional mindfuck, no anxiety or pain, no ego dissolution or cosmic unity... What's left, you might say? Nothing but realization. Just pure, naked profundity and amazingly gentle awe. 

It is a very zen thing; everything seems so simple and just so.  The beautiful, illusory nature of ego consciousness was just so obvious, so plain to see and easy to understand. In the absence of time, the paradox of free will and determinism vanishes. Life is a wonderful game, a grand, extraordinary drama and although we tend to get overly caught up in our roles, that's exactly what it's all about. The forgetting and the remembering, the getting lost and the coming home, over and over again.  I remembered so many of the lost moments of long ago, mind-blowing LSD trips from my youth, in which the mystery was revealed and subsequently forgotten.  Each time I come back, I remember another piece, and integrate it into my daily life, only now consciously realizing what I've known subconsciously for years. I knew it all before, and have known it all along....

M was on 5 grams of B+ Psilocybe cubensis, our first homegrown harvest. It was a strong experience for her, but not mind-blowing.  All night long we seemed to be piggybacking on each other, the flavor of our experiences each colored by the other's. Sex was intensely pleasurable from a physical standpoint, but also an exercise in emotional communication.  My hands became like ears that hear by touch, her vagina speaking to me in some ancient, primal language that speaks of birth, life, and creation itself. 

No body load whatsoever, save for a nearly unquenchable thirst. I drank loads of water, and needed it.  The high lasted for six hours or so, coming on subtly after 40 minutes and disappearing ever so gradually.

This is tripping for grownups. It's for philosophers, not partiers. I can easily see a teenager taking a large dose of this drug and saying, 'I don't feel much of anything at all'. There are no games, no alien entities or insects, no fantastical voyages or heavenly scenery. It just takes you by the hand and gently leads you to the Truth like a cool drink of water from a clear, still pond in the middle of a silent forest. Can recommend highly for those of you who appreciate such things. Enjoy!