Me and a few friends, after much internet searching, decided to be creative and experiment.

We went to a herbal shop and bought a half ounce of ground up wormwood and a bottle of juniper berry extract.

Back home, we took the wormwood and rolled it into a joint. Then we took the joint and dipped it in the juniper. First we tried to microwave it to dry out the joint. When this didn't work we were pleasantly surprised to find out that juniper is flammable! The joint burned perfectly.

The taste wasn't bad until about an hour later when I could still taste it. A beer or some pot will kill this taste very effectively.

The high was…different. First I got mild hot and cold flashes. Then I felt semi-euphoric, and sped up. My heart rate seemed to increase as well. The high is sorta like a methamphetamine, only slower and (for me) more jittery. One of us was drunk at the time and sorta disassociated from himself a little as he was very weirded out by the high.

About 2 hours later, 3 of us shared 2 joints of kind. This was very cool, because both me and my friend had very mild trips. Not visuals so much as sorta disoriented calm feeling with fleeting vespers. Tracers would seep in and out. There was also a feeling of fleeting visions, too quick to see or understand, but still definitely there. Both me and my friend identified this occurrence independently, so I doubt it was placebo. The body high is also very hard to relate to other drugs. Kinda relaxed, but still jittery, always coming in and out in sporadic spurts.

The most extraordinary thing about this is the almost total consciousness. There is no numbing of the brain. I still remember the whole night perfectly. There is no disassociation. I had to talk to the cops on it and found my mind actually working harder and faster...but maybe not as focused as usual. Thoughts seem to flood the mind which made conversation slightly more difficult.

It was interesting, I guess. I might try it again sometime. we're convinced that there is some way to take herbals and trip. Absinthe is made from wormwood and that definitely makes you trip. We'll keep searching.

Happy experimenting!