I did a lot of preparations for this experience. It was Friday. I woke up 'round 8am to get to my office at 9am. When I finished with my business at 5pm, I called a guy who could provide me with some of this devilish stuff. On my way home, I met him and bought a half a gram of heroin.

6pm - Got to my apartment, made me some dinner, done with the e-mails.

7pm - Now I was sitting in my bedroom. I unpacked the drug and put it on a mirror glass. Very fine powder, dark brown in colour. I made 4 lines out of those 500mg. I snorted the first one. The taste was pretty strange and cutting, and it definatetly resembled with something the poppy has in it's smell. :)

7:10pm - It's been 3 minutes since the ingestion. I was sitting in front of my computer listening to music. Still nothing so important happening.

7:15pm - I thought about some NES coffee. Hehe, the party starts here. When I left my chair with the idea to get to the kitchen, I suddenly had a feeling like I started leaving my body! I felt a very strong rush of a very pleasent heat through the body, finishing and culminating at the Anahata Chakra (chest area). I suddenly started laughing! Everything in my mind, body and my environment was just, perfect! Yeah, perfect, that's the right word (at least I was feeling like that). It was the most beautiful walk from a bedroom to the kitchen in my life, lol!

7:30pm - I'm drinking coffee. Same as the other types of opiates, it made me light up a cigarette after cigarette. I was just sitting at my bed listening to the music and enjoying the effects.

8:00pm - Seems to me like the effects wore off. I decided to sniff another 125mg. After 3 minutes, I was blown up by happiness. I decided to try a few techniques of meditation. My thoughts weren't so easy to control, even with mantra. But I could feel that the all of my energy centers are running at full speed. After just 7 minutes in meditation, the various pictures started appearing as I closed my eyes. It was like I was in a dream state with the one half of my being. Yet at the other side, I could feel myself.

10:00pm - I decided to go out and take a walk round the buildings in the area. It was beautiful. I didn't feel the coldness. I felt like I'm going to fly away each minute. Except my eye-orbs which became very tiny, nothing else could be noticed on my apperience by the others.

11:00pm - Came back to the apartment. I felt like the effects wore off. Took another 125mg. Started to read.

2:00am - I was reading constantly for 3 hours. Sometimes it was hard to keep the eyes open and inhibit the pictures and visions that kept coming.

2:10am - Again, I decided to take the rest of the stuff. I snorted the last 125mg. I remember I sat in front of my computer looking for somebody on the Internet, but I gave up because my head was hitting the keyboard every 5 minutes. I couldn't type properly. All in all, I killed my body temporarly!

8:00am - I'm opening my eyes. It's morning and I'm on the floor. I must say that I felt like shit, really! I gathered some strength and creeped to the table to get my cell phone and check the time. I was lying there for more than 5 hours! I quickly made up my bed and continued with the normal sleep.

3:00pm - I woke up. Felt a great loss of energy. I had to fight it. I made me something to eat, did some house-work, etc. I should rise my brakes after the 3rd line.

5:00pm - I started feeling depressive. I realised that I want more heroin! Awful feeling! I smoked one joint of hashish and that bad feeling was gone.

The idea to buy more heroin was bugging me during the next 4 days! I tried a various types of opiates, but this is something really special. It's the most addictive and tempting drug I ever tried. No, I didn't get on heroin later because I had knowledge, but it remained a very tempting thing in my mind. Later, I fought it because I had to watch my girlfriend taking it every day and I helped her get off.