I was in my bedroom sitting on the floor. I was with my boyfriend and three friends, who were also smoking the salvia. I was pretty excited to try salvia, and took a nice large hit from a water pipe. Immediately I felt the effects. I couldn't believe how fast it came on. The patterns on the couch seemed to stick out a bit, and the air and empty space in front of me seemed kind of thick and gel-like.  These effects died down in about 5-7 minutes, so I took another hit, which was kinda small. 

Nothing seemed to be happening so I took another large hit, and held it in for a very long time letting the smoke seep out my nose. By the time the smoke was out of my body, I was seeing a moving jig-saw pattern all over my boyfriend and everything in the room. I whipped my head around and looked behind me (this is where it gets kinda weird). I didn't see my bedroom, but dark grey space (kind of like a cement room). Then I looked back into my room, and realized that my room and friends were on a screen being projected into the dark grey room. When I looked back into the room it was as if I was coming out of the screen a bit and into that room. Then one of my friends sitting next to me was making a face and telling me to be very still and not to let anyone know that i had peered out into the room.  I was trying to flatten myself and be very still when I noticed that there was a definite 'rip' in the room where I had looked out. I could see a seam sort of, and was trying to point it out to prove that the other room was there. Of course, no one else saw it :) Everything was very vivid and real.

After that I looked to the ground next to me, and there was a metal screen with many chains underneith. Under both the screen and the chains were the tops of poeple's heads, as if a whole other room was below. The people were slowly walking very close together, shoulder's touching. This really freaked me out, and I guess was pointing at the floor, yelling 'ahhh the machine! look at the machine' (??? I don't know what I meant by machine). 

At this point my boyfriend got worried and told people to leave. One of the other guys who smoked it, said that it kind of reminded him of how he felt when he was on Jimson Weed, and that worried me and my boyfriend.  Everything seemed to be happening SO FAST, and then it was over, and my heart was racing and I was sputtering out all the things as if I had just woken from a crazy dream and didn't want to forget it (although I don't know how I could forget it!)

The whole experience lasted about 1-3 minutes. I had a good sense of time throught the whole thing, and felt fine 15-20 minutes later.
I am going to try it again, but be much more prepared for it. I was not expecting such a strong trip, and will be more ready in the future. It did not affect any one else in our group as much as it affected me.