This weekend I made a minor mistake.  I was drinking with some of my girlfriends friends having a ball and meeting new people.  One of my girl's old buddies showed up and him and I hit it off.  We were talking about all our fun drug stories and just enjoying the summer night.  He was telling me about the anti-depressant he had taken and really enjoyed.  I asked what it was and out of his bag of tricks comes a test pack of the Lexapro.  It had 5 maybe 6 10 mg pills (I can't remember) and then a little peice floating in the plastic bag.

I took one right there and he put them away.  I stopped drinking very soon after.  I wasn't drunk but quite tippsy when I took the first and within 15 minutes I started to wake up and feel less drunk.  I was really not enjoying drinking so I decided to try and get another pill.  I asked him for one and he just threw the last of them at me and said go crazy with a smile.  I did one there and them a half an hour later then 2 right before we left.  I was HAPPY and care free it was E without the rolling, but I was tippsy so I felt good too.  The night went very well, it was 3 hours after the night ended that everything went bad.


I woke up cause my girl had to go to the bathroom.  My stomach was feeling weird and all the sudden my whole body started to sweat.  I felt nausea and ran to the bathroom seconds after her.  I started to throw up.  I felt better for only moments before I have to throw up again.  I was going through sweats, a fever, vomiting, nausea, upset stomach, mild confusion.  If I had never triped or rolled I would have been out of my mind, seriously.

I just slept for a while feeling like someone was kicking my stomach and wow was in fun.  I was up on and off till I decide it was time to go home and be awake.  I smoked some herb to try and calm my nerves.  I started a mild roll and mild hallucianations.  It was fun to an extent but over all very scary and it really didn't calm me down just made my heart beat faster and reved up my adreniline.

It is the next day and I still can feel the Lexapros.  I'm fine now just weak from inability to eat.  I had a really adverse reaction to these little bad boys.  Do not do them.  They aren't worth it.