I've been tripping for about six years now, on and off. When I first started using LSD, I got really into it. I dropped a lot for about two years. I've eaten tons of blotter. (Tim Leary and Purple Jesus Christ were always the best). I've had pure LSD-25, sugar cubes, gel tabs, etc. Then for 3 years I didn't touch it. Depression is a bitch.
 
Then I was at a huge party and two of my friends shroomed, and another friend and I got acid. I only ate one hit cause I knew I would have to drive later that night (party started at noon). That night I became completely digital. It was my first trip that visuals didn't matter, cause of the intense body trip. Anyway, it was good and decided that it would be my last trip.

Well about a year has passed since then, and in the last few months, I tripped about five times. As for tolerance, the most acid I've dropped in recent months is 3 hits at once of 'cherry bomb.'

Then I unexpectedly ran into a kid that had white blotter acid while smoking with some friends. My girlfriend (Ash) and I both ate one hit. 

We chilled, smoked, and drank a few beers over a card game and the new 311 CD. A good time it was. Then people wanted to go out. So, Ash and I decided to take cover before the acid peaked. We drove back to the city to chill with our smoke friends. Throughout all this, I was tripping, but in control.

Soon it came time to take ash home. The trip was good , but we both agreed it was strange, not like normal acid. It was definitely nothing else than LSD though. We decided to watch a movie. What better movie to watch than 'The Wall.' I love that movie. Well... not anymore. I thought that I was the main character suffering from insanity.

Then, after the movie we were just laying down listening to music. Then my girlfriend was saying things like,' Why do you have to have such a strong spirit, why can't you be weak so you do what I want.' (she wanted to have sex) Then she was kissing my neck, and I told her to stop. I said it felt like she was suffocating me, so she laughed and continued. At this point, I was scared. I had to get away. When I was leaving, she started crying for no reason at all. She told me it was cause of the acid and she would be fine for the rest of her trip. So I went home. When I was going to sleep (never good to do while tripping) all kinds of shit was going through my head.

When I woke up in the morning, all my crazy thoughts were still there. Not like back in the day, where you wake up, and everything is normal again (besides after effects). I still thought my girlfriend was Satan. I had a job interview to go to, and I saw my first love for the first time in five years. Totally unexpected. (I think the reason she broke up with me was drugs). After I finished my interview, I had to see Ash, but I was scared. I had to ask her whether she was really Satan or not. So then I saw her and she put my head back on straight. It was so hard to come out of that trip. No more LSD for me.

Acid is fun, but don't overdo it. One day you may not be able to separate reality from drugs. I never thought this would be me either!