Tonight I enjoyed an 800 mcg fentanyl lollipop I recently acquired from a friend.  I had no idea what to expect, because I have never experimented with Opiates - not even Vicodin.  I've been a daily pot-smoker for 3 yrs. now and had not been smoking when I ate the lollipop.  Here's a summary…

I began feeling effects about 15 minutes after letting the berry-flavored lollipop sit between my gums and cheek.  It was mostly a slightly warm feeling in my head… it was kind of hard to see straight.  I stood up and walked into my living room.  I felt kind of wobbly and I was still working on the lollipop.  It took me about an hour to finish the lollipop, and by the time I did I was feeling warm all over.  I just sat and listened to reggae music.  I thought to myself "This drug is no big deal… I just feel a little high, that's all."  Soon I noticed certain noises around my house kept catching my attention more than usual.  At one point I thought I heard a mouse crawling around in my kitchen (paranoia maybe?). I got up and walked around a little bit.  I noticed I felt more euphoric, like I was really happy about something.

I sat down more and when I did, I could hardly keep my eyes open.  I don't know why, I wasn't tired… but for some reason I just could NOT keep my eyes open.  That lasted maybe 15 mins and that's when I started feeling really excellent!  Rushes of energy going through my veins for about 30-45 mins.  It peaked with a 5-10 minute period of absolute bliss… I had a happiness compared to when MDMA first hits me.

But then suddenly I could feel the incredible high coming to a slow.  I have done E about 10 times before and I'm used to the "climax" at the beginning of a 4-6 hr. trip.  However with Fentanyl, I found it very odd that it was such a lengthy buildup and the "climax" of the high is closer the end of the trip.  Total time of the Fentanyl experience was approx 2 ½ hrs.

The come down was yucky but short-lived.  I felt kinda "poisoned" in the limbs and had about 5 minutes of nausea and shakiness.  I smoked a bowl and that helped a lot with the come down.  In fact, the weed brought the high back temporarily and eased the come down process.  Now it has been 3 hrs. since I took it and I feel pretty normal other than being a little tired.