I will do my best to describe my k-hole experience, but it may be difficult to understand for any person who has not tried dissociatives. I'm also hungover from alcohol, so bear with me.

It was midnight, or just past, and my excitement was growing by the minute. Chris, my partner in crime, was equally anxious for this journey we were about to take; moreso probably, considering his lack of experience with the substance. Fears and expectations aside, we grabbed multivitamins and antioxidants to protect our brains, filled glasses of water and prepared our straws for insufflation. 

We went upstairs armed with our straws and a plastic dish (needed a flat surface). I prepared the lines for each of us, realizing there was much more left than I had previously realized. We set the proper music, put on the proper lights and railed away (100mg ?). The burn was present, the drip was disgusting, but somehow I lived through that first five minutes of discomfort. I stood up and felt that familiar robo-walking, the feeling of having hydraulics powering my legs and the feeling of walking through a heavy liquid. I felt compelled to lay down, so I sat back on the bed and lost myself. The flat surface of the bed was suddently perpendicular to the ground, and then began curving in every direction. I was moving, somehow, some way... A large hole opened up in my bed and I was pulled inside. Images of my mom, my dog, my dad, my girlfriend, and Chris all presented themselves on the side of the tunnel into which I was being pulled. I was being pulled sideways now, and I could see circular lights adorning the walls. I was a bit like being in the subway, but it soon became apparent to me that I was in a tunnel in TRIBES. My conversations with my online gaming friends swam through my head, and the generic TRIBES character was also manifested. I cruised over computer-rendered landscapes, sailed with the community that had become my second home during the summer. My eyes opened at a particularly quiet part of the song I was listening to, and I realized I need some water.

Having satisfied my thirst, I closed my eyes to once more find myself falling down the side of a waterfall. Light shone through the waterfall, the source being square mosaic tiles with the faces of the aforementioned people, mostly Liz and Chris though. No ideas were being communicated at this point, and no bright white light was in sight. The rollercoaster ride continued, and I entered into a series of phases. My 'yesterday' phase showed me images of significant past events in my life and how they had affected me. My 'today' phase told me that school would be starting soon and I should mind how I spent the rest of my summer. I reassured me that school this year would not be challenging though, and would not interfere with my spiritual advancement. My 'tomorrow' phase is difficult to remember, but I do remember many tactile sensations and vivid imagery.

I began to spin and my body was conveyed to a realm beneath this earth. It became clear to me that there is an entire system behind what is apparent. There is a well-organized but unseen framework which underlies space-time fabric. It now reminds me of that movie with the boy who befriended monsters who lived underground... it was a whole world that most people are completely unaware of. It looked like a wireframe model of an industrial complex, but every real-world object and principle had a framework manifestation in the world below. I wonder if I can get in touch with this world in the future, I wonder if things can be altered there instead of here, and I wonder if it would be an advantageous place to spend spiritual time in.