It was Friday night and me and some of my friends were rollin at my friends house.  I had never had a bad experience on MDMA before this night. This is what happend. At about 8p.m. I took one tablet (oral, green spades) of MDMA and we were all in my friends basement watching t.v. waitin for our rolls to kick in. (the funny thing about rollin at this persons house is that her dad is a cop and both her parents were home but they never come downstairs so we were safe).

Now I was somewat depressed when I took this roll due to rollin earlier that day during tennis practice but I thought it would be fine so I did it anyways.  My roll was just startin to kick in when I looked over and saw one of my other friends with the girls I really like sort of holding her in his arms.  Now everyone hugging and stuff like that doesnt bother me cuz we are all friends and we were all rollin so it makes sense, but he was holdin her in his arms like I have always wanted to do with her (and will probably never get to). When I saw this the worst feeling of sadness shot through my whole body and I felt it everywhere. It was one of the worst feelings I have ever gotten.  It was a good thing that two of my other friends noticed what happend and they came over to me and helped me feel better.  Then I just went and listind to my music which also helped but my roll never got to the full intensity that it usually does and it was a good thing it only lasted for about 2 hrs.

Later I was startin to crash and I went and sat by the girl I was talkin about earlier.  Everyone else was either in a different room or outside so we just sat there and ended up talking for a pretty long time bcuz she was still rollin pretty hard.  People can say that rollin is the best feeling ever but the feeling I had just sittin there talkin with her was a feeling that ecstacy can never give because the truth is, rolling is not reality and there will always be an emptyness in it.  Sitting and talking with her was the most real feeling I have ever had and it was much better than what I have ever felt while rollin.  I hope that everyone can have a chance to experience somthing like this, I will probably never again due to things not working out how you always want them to.  But at least I felt it once and I can always look back and remember how it was that night.