[Erowid Note: 
The dose described in this report is very high, potentially beyond Erowid's 'heavy' range, and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.]

Knight

I want to note before telling the account that I was on Anti-Depressents (Zoloft 100mg) and I had been taking it for three months.  I started to research hulicinagens, and stumbled upon a website selling 2C-I, and 2C-D, and 5-MEO-DMT.  I ordered a gram of all.  I tried out the 2C-D and loved it (first time ever tripping), so several weeks later I deicded to try 2C-I...

I had sold some of it too a guy and he clamed he didnt get any effects, so I decided that I would have to sample it to determine the ligitimacy of his claime.  I took a gell cap with about 30mg, of it at about 11 PM.  I then started talking to my girl friend on the phone.  I felt no effects (but I had just eaten).  About 45 minuets later I took another gell cap this time it had about twice as much (50mg). 15 minuets later I still felt nothing and took another pill worth (30mg).  I contiuned to talk to my girl friend and around 12:15 I started noticing visual changes.  The usuall color changes, lighter and darker, size distortion, but my thoughts stayed normal.  Around one oclock I remeber that I was off in some strange land, yet another part of me was still talking to my girl friend. We talked till 3:00 AM, but I I was two people. One was having a normal conversation and the other was in a strange world, of strong hulicinations.  When I asked my girlfriend later about the conversation she said I was normal, yet I have no recolection of what I said, or even thinking about what she was saying.

After I got off the phone I went to the bathroom (dont remeber why), in the bathroom I came out and in of an intense trip.  Part of the time I was tripping so hard I couldnt tell where I was or, remeber my name. Then suddenly everything would look normal, and I would get up to leave the bathroom, then I would happen again.  

Around 5:00 AM I got into my bed, and begin to think I was in a mental hospital, the voices of my parents kept reapeating 'its so sad', 'he was so young', and 'hes only a vegie now'.  I couldnt think, I was just scarred.  I saw shadow forms of my parents over my bed, shaking their head.  It was hell.  

Finally I fell asleep.  The next morning I was still tripping but my mind was somewhat there.  Objects got huge, and then would 'burst' and get really small.  My body was doing the same thing.  

I went to bed again several hours later and slept it off.  I have tripped nicely on smaller amouts of 2C-I since, but this was hell.  I have had no after effects (luckily).<!--and do not discourage the use of hulicinagens, but simple recomend that people, 
1. Read more about them then me
2. Wait a while before taking more-->