10 of us, all young men ranging from 17 to 19 decided to pitch a tent in a small nature preserve, set like an island in the middle of inner-city life. This island served as a great source for experimentation of all kinds and a place to commune with nature. It also made for a fairly safe place for a first acid experience. As I think back to it as a man in his 40's I gain new insights all the time. It was an experience I will never forget or regret.

We pitched the tent and started a fire and dropped. My dose was 1/2 tab orange sunshine( a saccarine sized barrel of orange color). $3.00 a hit. The only other things with us where a radio and a pack of cards. We sat inside the tent at dusk and began to attempt to play cards waiting for it to kick in. There where 2 of us who had tripped once or twice before..the other 8 first timers. I remember Dave one of the 'experienced' one's saying things like ' Whats the matter? Are you f**ked up' purposely making his voice sound like a slowed down tape. Everyone laughed at that. The funny thing was...his voice still sounded like that after he had begun a normal discussion with his normal voice. The climb to the peak had begun for me. After a few tries, we all realized playing cards was not an option because the numbers and suits where indecipherable we began flinging cards at each other acrossed the tent, watching the trails and laughing hysterically. 

I fell back trying to duck a card and felt my head hit the radio. Ouch! I sat back up, put my hand to my head and then looked at it. Blood! I started freaking out 'My heads bleeding' I shouted. Everyone looked quickly at me in horror. I was staring at my hand that was full of crimson wetness that oozed around as though it was alive and I felt a sense of panic growing. A voice( not sure who's) said laughing 'your not bleeding!'. The blood in my hand faded away and so did the pain in my head. I wasnt. Few! This instance however..set the tone for my complete trip as I got this notion of how vulnerable we all where now. For the rest of the night I was like everyones mother which I'm sure was a drag for everyone else. ' Be careful! Don't do this! Don't do that!' My consern grew worse as a few decided to run out on the major highway, laydown in the middle and wait for cars...then jump up and run! I was freaking on that enough where they stopped, after calling me some choice expletives. Maybe I saved a life? Who knows? :)

A curious thing happened that I do remember. Because of the close proximity we all had inside this tent/cocoon we all experience pretty much the same trip..purely by a verbal cue from someone else. ' Look! He has an eye in his forehead' as we all ooohed and aaahed at the same sight. Another was the power of the sense of smell. David was sitting in the middle of the tent..lighting matches and looking at them until they burned out and then lighting more. The smell of sulfur permeated the tent air. I shouted ' Don't do that you'll start the tent on fire!' As I was finshing that thought/sentence an orange glow lit up the outside of the tent and I heard what sounded like flames burning and crackling wood.  We where surrounded by fire! I thought. Another tripper stuck his head out of the flap after I shouted ' The woods are on fire'! He looked around outside, stuck his head back in with a goofy grin and said ' No its not'. Instantly the glow and noise stopped. It was a long strange trip that night...I could be keep writting...but I dont want to take up to much space. Laughing leaves, primitive chants around the campfire, crumbling glass like leaves in my hand, pulling space bugs from my mouth, incredible fractal images and colors etc. It was all mind opening and altering...and def scary. But not enough to scare me from tripping again. The first time though was the most intense and memorable of all trips.