Ahh Ketamine, sweet Ketamine.  Such a lovely drug!  I first encountered this jewel of a drug from a close friend of mine.  He offered it to me and being an adventurous psychonaut, I accepted. 

12:00  I snorted a few small lines.  Just as a tester to see if I would enjoy the drug.  Quite frankly it blew my mind. 

2:00  Long after the effects of the drug wore off I found myself at an acquaintances' house purchasing a gram of ketamine with my friend.  We split the gram and proceeded to snort approximately 1/2 a gram each.  My friend was already acustomed to K's strong effects.  I wasnt. I was sort of nervous about doing this much of a dose, but people were around and it seemed casual enough.  I didn't want to look bad so up my nose it goes! 

2:05  Losing touch with reality, losing my sense of time, space  depth perceptions, and sense of self.  Multi-dimensionality hits me like a brick, and at that exact moment someone turns out the lights and turns on the music.  Blam!  

-:--  Lost track of time.  I found myself warping through worm holes in the universe for endless amounts of time.  Lights go back on, I stare at the wall for a while.  I try to stand up, I fall over.  I begin feeling like a giant in a gnome's body, and everything is very very small.  Room is shifting.  Buzzing vibrations over me and everything else.  Very intense dream like hallucinations.  It was incredible.

This was the beginning of a ketamine head.

For nearly six months after this experience, maybe a year, I did k.  I did k often.   My friend and I would often go through an entire bottle in a day. (approximately 2 grams powder)  Several bottles a week.  We exhausted our cash resources long before we stopped.  Weeks and months slipped into the k hole.  Every minute was worth it. 

The odd thing about ketamine is that it is incredibly mentally addictive.  It also destroys your memory.  It's like a taste of heaven.  The reason I have stopped doing k is because I have things to accomplish on earth, and if I keep doing ketamine, I may choose to leave it. 

It has become a spiritual journey.  Totally.  Ketamine was the last drug that I have done.  I am now into yoga, kung fu, meditation, ritual magic, chakra clearing, multidimensional integration, extraterrestrial interaction, contact with plant dieties, shamanism, herbalism, and the list goes on and on.