Up to the day I ingested the mushrooms, I never did any drugs other than, or course, the happy green plant.  I got together with 3 friends 1 of who has done mushrooms b4.  We went and purchased a half ounce and split it into an eighth each.  We all went over to one of the friends house to watch a movie.  At about 11:00pm we sat in his room and all of us ate our share with some ripple chips.  They didn't really taste all that bad compared to what I've heard.

So, we gobbled them down, smoked a bowl and sat down to watch the movie.  I was pretty excited becuase all I've done is weed now this is something 'new'.  While I was wathcing the movie, I was really watching out for the first sings or trippin.  About half way through the movie, It felt like warmth and tingling starting from my toes up my legs.  I asked my experienced friend if this is what happens and he said basicly yeah.  So I just sat there watching the movie, very, very, very, (it seemed) gradualy I was becoming a little more confused, I kept on asking 'how long have we been wathcing this movie for?'  It seemed to draaaag on.

I started to get almost a butterfly type feeling in my stomache, It was a mixed feeling of nervousness and excitment.  About an hour and a half into the movie I started to trip.  I remember staring at my hand for what seemed like so long, it looked like my hand was a clif and the couch was water.  It was really wierd.  I went and sat by the fire place and tripped harshly.  I thought I was wathcing a puppet show, it was only burning logs, but to me a puppet show.  Things were starting to get really wierd and my perspective was changing.

I went to my friend and said, 'Wow, I'm pretty fucked.'  He said, 'Oh no man, This is nothing, you're not even peaking yet.'  I was thinking, how much more could this get?  The next thing I remember was the movie finished and we were all standing up looking around.  Everything to my was tinted in rows of different colors.  I kept on saying, 'This was an awsome idea guys.'  Over and over again.  While 2 of my friends were sitting by the fireplace, me and the remaining friend wanted to go outside, we called them and they followed.

Everything was sooo strange.  Lights were very bright and wonderful.  My friend showed me a necklace made of colored beads, when he shook it around it seemed to beautiful.  Thats when I noticed I was seeing tracers.  They were blurry colors that followed the movement of my hands when I waved them.  We walked down to this gravel pit where no one goes.  It was about 2:00am now.  I was peaking.  We sat in a tight circle on the gravel and smoked a bowl and we were all SOOO full of ideas and theories and philosiphies.  We all connected and agreed on soo many things.  Why doesn't everyone just stop fighting, we nedd peace.  I remember thinking to myslef, wow, this is like another dimension, when people do mushrooms they enter this world with me.  

Well, After we sat there for about an hour, we started to get really cold.  My friends all stood up and were spinning around looking up at the stars.  I stayed sitting down.  This is where the bad part comes in.  I started to feel sharp pains in my stomache.  I was thinking, 'oh no I'm overdosing.'   I started to get really sick and worried.

My arms were going numb and I was feeling REALLY bad.  I just laid down on the cold ground and wathced my friends have fun.  It sucked!!  One friend came up to me and I said, just leave me hear for a while.  Thank god, he talked me into standing up and walking.  It made me feel a lot better.  I almost ralphed.  from this I learned try to ignore gut rot when it happens.  I really felt like I was gonna die.  I walked back and insisted to sleep at that moment at my friends.  I was starting to go down.  It was about 4:30am.  I was soooo tired.  That seemed to have more energy and went driving to the store.  

I learned from this trip that mushrooms are a wonderful thing.  You just have to be prepared and be with someone who has done them and can talk you out of a bad trip.  Mushrooms REALLY open up your mind and is a great.  I think it is REALLY worth trying becuase It is an unexplainable experience.