One night I snorted some 5-Meo-DiPT.  I didn't have good measuring stuff but I had 250 mgs and got a tiny bit.  Nothing happened so I snorted quiet a bit more (A guess would be about 20mgs).  There was slight vision waviness (similar but not nearly a big as acid or shrooms) and I felt the 'body load' that other users have reported.  I was disappointed because I thought this stuff sucked.

I decided to eat some the next mourning because you digestive track is running a lot faster (for example there have been times where I did DXM at night and felt nothing, and I do that same amount in the mourning and its insane).

I don't know how much I ate because I thought this stuff sucked (A guess would be 80mg but I have no idea).  Nothing happened for a while, and finally I felt the body load.  That went on  for a while until I started to see the slight waviness.  It grew fast.  I started to worry.  I called a friend to help calm me down while on the phone his voice changed completely and I started to fade out of reality but then quickly come back.  Talking to him was getting too crazy so I hung up and went to my room.  From what I've read you aren't supposed to experience 2-ct-7 like visuals, but I laid on my bed, looked up at the ceiling and saw the most complicated, yet crystal clear geometric design with colors waving over it.  It was the most clear thing I've ever seen, more so than regular vision.  This was cool but I was scared BAD.  So I turned over to get away from it and saw my bed covers with a completely new highly complex, crystal clear design with colors waving over it on top of the original design.

By this point it wasn't the most screwed up I've ever been but the intensity was rising ever faster and after reading some of the 2-ct-7 deaths I thought I might not make it.  I told my dad to take me to the hospital.

Now, a lot of crazy stuff happened.  Sound is completely screwed up.  The world becomes a fake, none of the people you know are really them anymore.  The clocks in the ER were moving forward, yet they were moving backward.  I thought I sunk through layers of reality, and that my whole life was a hallucination slowly leading up to this and that ever one already knew except me.  It gets a lot more complicated than that.  I've read about people doing lots of LSD and thinking they were dead that happened less than halfway to the plateau.  I've herd about people jumping off of buildings thinking they can fly from LSD and had I not been strapped down from kicking a doctor who knows what I would have done.

The climax of the trip isn't some spiritual out of body experience.  That was in the earlier parts of the trip.  It is a complete brain screw up.  Neural connections that have nothing to do with each other come together.  So ideas like death and soccer can come together and you try to say something and by the time you start talking something new is there and a bunch of random/pseudo word sounds or incomplete ideas come out.

Actually, when I went in the hospital I was begging everyone to kill me because I thought I was either going to die or be retarded for life.  Luckily neither one happened.

Its a good thing I went to the hospital though.  My heart rate was about 180 and rising before they loaded me up with some chemical which stops it.  Some of the other experiences I read on this site mention people passing out on this stuff, I don't see how that's possible because its like caffeine time 100000000....  Boy do I wish I could have passed out.

This was hands down the worst experience of my life.  I don't think I emphasized the fear enough.  Although fear being too complicated an idea to completely process helped a lot.

I've done shrooms and LSD before but I don't think eating a big bowl of shrooms or taking a spoonful of good acid would match this stuff.  Those would be a little different experience though.


BTW
I read another guys experience on the net who went to the hospital on 5-MeO-DiPT that had to deal with butthole police and doctors and even the freaking news!  Luckily I didn't have to deal with any of that crap.