Devices Used:
PC with Bwgen playing 10Hz binaural beats through headphones
Homemade LED glasses running at 5-10Hz over 30 mins

Set:  I am feeling fairly well and have no other specific plans tonight or tomorrow.

Setting:  My bedroom in the evening.

Notes:  I have taken LSD many times before, but this will be my first LSA experience.  I am not currently taking any prescriptions, medications, or supplements.

Preparation:
I carefully scrape the fuzzy coating off of 5 Hawaiian Baby Woodrose seeds, grind them to a powder with small chunks in a coffee grinder, and let them soak in purified mineral water for a little over an hour, shaking occasionally.  The water turns greenish and then ends up mostly brown.  It is run through coffee filters to yield about 1/2 cup of brown water.  I am intentionally starting out with a low-end dose just to play it safe.


Experience:

T
Begin drinking, the taste is not necessarily good, but at the same time pleasantly mild and non-bitter, especially compared to most things.

T + 0:25
Finish drinking.  No effects yet at all.

T + 0:35
Ok, I'm feeling some effects now.  Hard to describe, but I feel slightly 'electrified' and a tiny bit restless.

T + 0:50
The same effects continue, getting slightly stronger.

T + 1:00
I am definitely in a happy mood.  My surroundings seem a slight bit surreal in a way.  I'm a little bit 'burpy' but otherwise feel fine with no nausea.  I find myself just randomly smiling a lot.

T + 1:10
I am noticing a very slight resemblance to LSD, but much smoother & milder.  So far this is really cool.  Some minor LSD type yawns and 'permagrin' coming on.

T + 1:20
A minor bit of jaw tension.  The very beginnings of what would probably turn into nausea at larger doses, but hardly noticable.  Overall, still feeling very good.

T + 1:30
Running up & down the stairs a few times feels like I just finished a race and I'm somewhat out of breath, although the effects do seem a bit more noticable now.  

T + 1:40
Now I feel a little bit like I'm tripping on LSD, and my surroundings are getting more surreal.  Still no nausea.

T + 1:50
Quite restless, keep pacing in circles, can't stay sitting down.  Breathing is a bit heavy.  Waves of pure joy and excitement keep coming over me, making it hard to stop smiling for very long.  I now see what people mean when they describe it as a cross between LSD & MDMA. :)

T + 3:20
Feeling completely wonderful.  Not a bit of nausea.  Been talking on the phone with a friend for a while.  Very talkative, trying to explain everything.  There seems like an infinite number of things to talk about.  I can hardly contain my excitement!!!  Had a bite of strawberry cheesecake icecream, which tasted virtually orgasmic! :)

T + 3:35
Smoke a hit of cannabis through a water bong and lay down and listen to 10Hz binaurals...

T + 4:10
Holy shit!!!!  I kept having random images/memories from my past pop in my head along with some subtle patterns, although now I can't remember specifically what any of them were in particular.  Then out of nowhere the twitches started.  It was as if laying perfectly still for too long caused some kind of energy to build up in my body until it finally just released into a random muscle, in this case causing my left arm to spontaneously jump a few inches over.  It felt almost like getting zapped with a stun gun, although it didn't hurt at all.  It just kind of freaked me out.  This happened a few times, getting stronger each time until I got up.  

T + 5:35
Smoke another hit of cannabis, put on my homemade LED glasses and some tripped out music by Mystical Sun, and lay back down.  This music sounded so good it's indescribable!  I found myself automatically picking out each and every individual sound and clearly seeing how they were all put together in such a beautiful way.  After a while I came close to having a full OOBE.  It's like the whole network of invisible connections that tie your 'self' to your body just dissolve away, leaving me kind of just floating there within my body.  Definitely a feeling that cannot be explained to anyone, but has to be experienced.  I finally fade over into sleep for probably a good 9 hours and wake up feeling a little 'different' but physically and emotionally fine and somewhat spiritually fulfilled.

Afterthoughts:

I would have to say this was the best trip I've had in quite a while, right up there with some of my LSD + MDMA trips.  At times it got a bit hectic while trying to talk on the phone or use the computer, but with the help of THC and lying down with music I was able to stay calm and focused.

cynapse