This weekend had been set a few weeks prior by a buddy and myself for a psychadelic marathon. The day was to start with a lot of weed and then some Foxy methoxy. Afterwards, we were scheduled to take 30 mg of 2ct2, but we never reached round two. And here's why...

My friend had taken foxy with me 2x previously and had complained that 25 mg (the amount taken in both trials)made him feel, 'very sloppy.' I had taken this compound several times before and was starting to think of it as a very mild trip. Several of my last experiences with foxy have been weak (despite even 25 mg oral + 20 mg insufflated all in one night!)So, I was not concerned with my dosage when my friend asked if he could take about 10 mg out of his gelcap. Having no place to put the chemical, and refusinhg to let it go to waste, I let him dump the unwanted amount into my gelcap(my granmother woul die if she knew that her 'starving kids in China' routine had been the guiding principle behind this decision). It was sprox. 3:30 in the afternoon by the time we swallowed the caps. Within 30 minutes, and after several bowls of quality MJ, I was skyrocketting upwards. I remember identifying with the terror of the Wonkavator in Willy Wonka, which shot upwards at a dizzying speed until it eventually smashed through the glass roof (I love the death-rebirth imagery in that scene, very psychadelic).

After an hour had passed,  I was higher than I've been in several years, and entirely unprepared to be that high. Overwhelmed would be phrasing things gently. As my friends roommates showed up later in the day (around 5:30), it was all I could do just to speak a simple sentence. I was very nervous and could not communicate calmly with the sober folk. I could feel my face falling apart as I tried to maintain the semblance of eye contact with them. Anytime I tried to sit still and focus, the visuals would dominate everything and throw me into a state of confusion. It's a lot easier for me to be high when it is dark out, there's too much normalcy going on during the day (i.e., people coming home from work and complaining about work for 30 minutes).

Anyhow, the next 4 hours are very fuzzy, and surreal. At some points I felt as if I was not located enitrely within my body. I didn't feel entierly out either, but rather as if I was sitting right besides my body. I had tried drinking 5ml 1,4B mixed in half a glass of juice to calm down but it only added a strong psychadelic-drunkenness to the over all f'ed up feeling. Hours later (around 11:30 pm) I suddenly snapped back into myself with a jolt. I remember feeling a sudden falling sensation very much like the sensation of falling one experiences just prior to sleep. And poof! I was back inside myself and the nervuousness had finally subsided.

After exclaiming to the room that I was back (I was overjpyed at my return), I remembered that I had been fixating on the spaces between my knuckles on my right hand. I must have rubbed at those spaces for several hours because I had several bruises on my hand. I surmised that it was related to my dissociation earlier, that I was somehow using that sensation in my hand to remain partly anchored to my body. I was amazed at the thought that I was able to subconsciously anchor myself this way. Anyhow, at this point I decided to withdraw from the marathon, I had gone much farther already than I had anticipated for the whole night, and was a bit shaken by it. I did however have another 5 ml of 1,4b and some juice. 

We smoked several bowls of MJ sprinkled lightly with some 5MEO-DMT. I find that at low doses this drug is much more fun than at the 20+ mg range. At low doses (certainly less then 10 mg, probably closer to 5 mg)it certainly has recreational potential. It doesn't have to be used a psychadelic bazooka everytime.  Anyhow, several dusted bowls synergized well with the foxy and 1,4b. I was tripping pretty hard again, but in much more comfortable state of mind. I certainly was out duped by the fox tonight. And here I thought I was a hard head.