[Erowid Note: 
The dose described in this report is very high, potentially beyond Erowid's 'heavy' range, and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.]

My husband and I went out to a club back in February.  We had all the intentions of behaving ourselves, but we'd brought some people who were indulging in 'e' so we decided that we should take some caffeine pills [reported as "6 Yellow Jackets", which in 2002 contained ephedrine and caffeine] and drink a beer.  This usually causes a feeling similar to an e trip and it makes it easier to stay awake.  

We had just dosed and drank a beer when our friend came by with some pills.  She offered them to us for a price that was right so we decided to take two each.  We had a lot of fun that night and wound up leaving the club and going to a house party. When we reached the house party I started to feel really shitty.  I sat on a couch and felt my body vibrate with my super-fast heart beat.  I guess I wasn't looking too great because someone offered me some pot.  I took a couple of tokes and felt a little better.  

We decided to drive home around 7 a.m. And piled into my car, we debated about just crashing at the party (three hour drive) but finally decided that there's no place like home and off we went.  On the drive back, I couldn't concentrate on the road.  It was raining lightly and the road was really shiny.  I couldn't see the lines and when I could, they were waving back and forth.  I struggled with the traffic and driving under the influence until the rain stopped and the sun came up. [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!] 

As we drove further into the middle of nowhere, I felt a tightness in my chest and my heart started to throb rapidly. I felt a tightness in my chest and my heart started to throb rapidly.  I could actually see my shirt moving with my heart beat over my chest (the aorta...for those of you who don't have some medical knowledge).  My left arm started to tingle and my hand fell asleep.  All my friends and my husband were asleep and I started to panic...wrong move.  I pulled off the road and got out of the car as quickly as possible.  I vomited for a while and my husband came out to check on me.  I was so weak and shaky I couldn't even walk.  I just sat on the wet ground and cried.  Somehow my husband got me back to the car and we drove on.  I kinda blacked out for a while and I heard the voices and saw people looking at me through a haze.  I found out later that they were debating taking me to a hospital, but we were so far out in the middle of nowhere there was no way they could have found one.  I came to right before we got home and felt a little better.  My heart was still throbbing like crazy and I was very weak and shaky, but the nausea was gone and I was alert.  We got home and everyone crashed out but me.  I stayed awake for THREE days!!!  

I will NEVER EVER do caffeine pills again.  It was really hard to explain to my boss why I was so strung out and shaking.  I didn't loose the shakes for about a week and a half.  BAD!  

I checked my blood pressure about a week after taking the caffeine and it was 143/94!  My normal bp is usually 107/72 or close to that.  I could have really effed myself up and it took a long time for me to get completely back to normal.  Be careful please before you take that crap.  I know it's cheap and legal, but is it really that much fun?  

Moni