I had always wanted to do a 'trip' drug. I had smoked weed, and enjoyed it, but for me, it just heightened my senses and my thought process. Anyway, to cut to the chase, I was able to get my hands on about 4 grams of shrooms. I was warned not to do them alone, but decided to do it anyway since the opportunity to do them with a friend without interruption from parents or others was far away.

I was alone in my house for the night, it was 4:30, and my parents would come back around midnight. I ate half of the 4 grams with some orange juice and waited at my computer for them to kick in. I had no idea what awaited me. About 35 minutes later I felt I was becoming seperated from the world, similar to being semi-drunk without the loss of coordination. I started to look at some of my digital camera pictures on my PC. As I stared at them, one of the faces in the pictures moved like one of those images that change when you look at them from different angles. Soon, I started laughing at nothing, which was a similar to being stoned.

I looked down at the blanket I had on my lap and patterns begin to take form. I became somewhat hypnotized with it as it slowly transformed into a desert. It didn't actually look like a desert, but it somehow resembled one. I began laughing again. This time it was different. My laugh seemed  dirty somehow, like a laugh from a bum. I talked to myself, proclaiming that I was 'laughed weird'. As I continued to talk, I realized I was becoming disgusted with my humanity. I tried to think of sex to get my mind off it. I couldn't become aroused, even as I tried to stimulate my dick. I felt like a primordial man, or a monkey; I became even more disgusted with my self. I had a strong desire to rise to a more intellectual and spiritual level of existence. This was about an hour after the drug started to take effect.

A couple of minutes later, my cell phone rang. It was relatively easy to talk; I was surprised at that. It was a kid from my school asking me whether I knew something about some project. I went back to my computer, and started listening to 'Echoes' by Pink Floyd. It was really relaxing and made me think of diving underwater. My phone rang again, and this time when I picked it up I saw my arms. They were green and felt like tentacles going out to grab something. This kind of startled me. This time it was one of my friends asking for a telephone number. I gave it to him with relative ease. After this I left my room and went downstairs to get a Coke. Doing this felt like I was in a dream, or like playing a first person shooter video game; my arms stretched out unrealisticly to grab the Coke. Everything seemed to look slighty unreal. The coke tasted very good, but I didn't care. It was like feelings of 'good' were just animalistic interpretations.

I put in Star Wars on my DVD player and began watching. About 5 minutes in, when Darth Vader enters the ship, I started getting nervous and shut the movie off. I felt bad that I hadn't tried to go out and do something. The world was closing in on me in a way. Panic hit me hard. I'm not going to be able to control this. I'm going to end up being found out in this disoriented state. I jumped into my bed and under the covers. My blankets were a sea of cloth in which I found some comfort. I continued Star Wars. After about ten minutes the panic disappeared. I had transcended my human desires and become some sort of alien that was analyzing my life inside my own body. All of my thoughts and desires were completely foreign.

I became amused that humans tried to express all these things through movies as I watched Star Wars. I was so alienated from all human ways of life that I was curious as to why humans wanted to eat or have sex. I thought it was so trivial. Time had no meaning; it passed, but with no formula for how long a minute would be opposed to ten minutes. I wondered when I'd understand how human life is again. In this daze of philisophical thought I somehow realized that I was God, and that I could control what happens in the world through my influence of others. I began to get tired and closed my eyes. The next morning I was totally back to normal, albeit a little more hungry then usual. It was a worthwhile journey, though I wouldn't want to embark on one again for a while.