This is not a report of one experience but of how I got HPPD, and what has occured with regard to substance use since I got it.

I have smoked dope for a number of years now, and although it often made me paranoid I suffered no serious adverse affects.  Being curious about alterating my conciousness, about a year ago I dropped 3/4 of a tab of quality acid.  I was in an intimate, relaxed setting with friends and good music, but even so I felt a little apprhensive.  However, I smoked a couple of joints, mellowed out and ate the tab.  The trip was fantastic- I saw some amazing fractals and had a fanatasic trip, although it was not particularly intense.

I had no adverse effects the next day apart from a comedown, and decided that acid was something I'd like to do regularily.  Immediately after dropping the tab (the next few weeks) I smoked dope heavily, and about a month post-trip I started to notice fractals whenever I got stoned.  I dismissed this at first, but as I continued to smoke the symptoms worsened (but perhaps they would have naturally anyway).  Today, the symptoms are as bad as they have ever been, but since they started so mildly I can still lead a normal life, though they sure get me down sometimes.

The interesting thing is that although most HPPDers say that even smelling pot smoke can make their symptoms permanently worse, I have smoked (and continue to smoke) shitloads of pot since getting HPPD.  In addition, I dropped small doses of acid twice after getting this syndrome, and have also done e, slavia, nitrous, heaps of alochol and I currently do speed fairly regularly (it's about the only chemical that doesn't make symptoms worse).

Anyway, just though I'd submit this because my HPPD experience is rather different to the conventional one- and yes, I do have genuine hppd: static, afterimages, floaters, fucked up peripheral vision et. Al.

Anyway, I'm gonna go and smoke a couple of cones tonight- if I try and forget HPPD, it can sometimes forget me!

-------------------------
<A HREF='http://www.erowid.org/experiences/exp.php?ID=33750'>2004 Follow-up Report