I guess I must be getting old, because despite being a veteran psychonaut, I had never heard of salvia until this year. A hippie kid I met while playing pool in a bar introduced me to this amazing substance. We had gone back to his place after the bar had closed to drink more beer and smoke some pot. After a little while, he brought out the salvia, and loading up a bowl, he passed it to me. I asked what it would be like and he replied that I'd just have to find out for myself. He served as my sitter as I easily emptied the bowl of the bong with one huge toke. Nothing happened at first, and I continued talking my new friend's ear off, as I'm apt to do when I'm intoxicated and stoned.

Suddenly, my words started sounding strange and metallic, as if I had become a robot or a robot was speaking them inside my head. I had had a similar sensation with cocaine and heroin injected as a 'speed-ball' back in the days of my harder drug use. This felt more natural than the bad stuff though, but still I wondered fearfully if I wasn't perhaps experiencing a heart attack. After this initial fear subsided, I felt (but did not physically 'see') what I believed to be the energy of a giant serpent rushing by the reclining chair where I was sitting and into the kitchen behind me. I felt my body moving with it, unable to resist its pull. I nearly fell out of the chair and scrambled into the kitchen after this reptilian energy. Somehow, I felt that it was the snake from the garden of Eden and the story of Genesis, although I'm not a Christian.

The snake let me know without ever speaking that I had to remember the last words I had been speaking before the drug took effect, that it was somehow absolutely necessary that I recall them. I felt confused and unable to stop the feeling of needing to do what the snake was demanding of me. Finally, my friend reminded me of what I had been saying, and upon my repeating the words the snake's imperative had been completed. The tension subsided as the effects of the salvia begin to wear off.

I tried it several more times that evening, each high probably lasting fewer than five minutes. I experienced other hallucinatory phenomenon with each successive salvia trip, such as the perception that the lyrics of the music my friend had playing were changing to reflect what ever I was doing. 'Matt is getting up, Matt is standing, now Matt is walking,' they sang, for example. All in all, a powerful and I dare say sacred experience with what I've been told isn't even close to the more potent forms of salvia.