I must admit that in the last 18 months, I have found that the phenethylamine psychedelics seem more "in tune" with my body than the tryptamine derivatives. So far I have ingested several phenethylamines (2C-E, 2C-I, 2C-T-2, 2C-C and mescaline, which I first encountered 12 years ago), and have had enlightening experiences with two of them (2C-E and mescaline). As 2C-D is most closely related to 2C-E, I thought that it looked like a promising compound.

My first dose of 2C-D was in the smart drug range (10mg). This was not so much to investigate the smart drug properties, more to make sure that my body didn't have an idiosyncratic reaction. A quick summary of  10mg would be "calm and interesting". Although this dosage produced a calm state, it was possible to tell that the compound had a stimulant effect.

My next trial was to investigate if it had any MAOI activity. As such, I ingested 5mg followed 15 mins later by 10mg of amphetamine (recrystallized from a street bought supply). Every 15 mins, I took my pulse and blood pressure for 3 hours (it wasn't noticeably different from 10mg of amphetamine on its own). I don't know why I started investigating it in combination with amphetamine rather than upping the dose on its own, but at the time it seemed ‘right' (don't ask why, it just did!)

Anyway, first big test (only me taking it) was with 25mg of 2C-D and 20mg of amphetamine (both orally, in the same gelcap). Couldn't really remember the timeline of events, only the order in which they happened.
After swallowing the gelcap (only breakfast & coffee 5 hours previously), I set off for a friends house, travelling by public transport. After about half an hour, I could feel something beginning, but it seemed unlike any other phenethylamine I've taken as a combo with amphetamine.

By the time I got to my friends house, I could definitely feel something working; some was as expected (brighter, more intense colours and a certain euphoria), but the most noticeable effect was a stillness that came over me that I can only compare with meditation, but more like something I'd experienced several times when still a kid (5-13 yrs old). The state was very like the intense (but laid back) feeling I got as a kid when going to get my hair cut. As the hairdresser would play around with my hair, I would almost go into a trance, which I would try to get to continue after leaving the hairdressers, but any active attempt to get it to continue would inevitably cancel it out. Here it was again, but needed no effort to get it to continue, and it was wonderful.

After about 10 mins, my friend asked if I was OK, as she was used to me being a bit hyperactive, especially after amphetamine. I tried to explain the state, but words failed me. I did not want to lose this state, but was curious as to if it was spontaneous, or related to the drug. To find out, I swallowed another 10mg of amphetamine dissolved in a cup of tea. To my surprise, the state deepened during the following half hour until I was aware of an intense relaxation (if anyone had wired me up to record an EEG, I'm sure that they would have got a trace that was predominately alpha rhythm!).

As other people had called round by then, I was repeatedly asked if I was OK, as I was hardly participating in the conversation at all. I reassured everyone I was OK, but felt the urge to be on my own (I know it sounds antisocial, but I was being repeatedly asked the same questions – I should be grateful that people care about me, but at that point I wanted everything, internal and external, to be perfectly calm), so I said my goodbyes and left. I decided to walk through a park to the train station to go home and was rewarded by feeling the "fullness of nature" (best way I can describe it).

Going home on a train was outwardly uneventful, but left me feeling that the experience was sufficiently different to other phenethylamines that I needed to share.

Since then I have repeated the combo another three times (20mg 2C-D/20mg amphetamine:  30mg 2C-D/10mg amphetamine and 10mg 2C-D/35mg amphetamine) and each time I underwent variations on a theme (the "theme" being the above experience). I have yet to try 2C-D on its own at fully active levels (40mg+), but am eager to find out if anyone else has had a similar experience involving the above combo.

Summary:

All in all, this was a delight, and sufficiently different from any other phenethylamine to really make me sit up and notice. I don't know if it's just me, but this was as different from 2C-E, 2C-I, 2C-T-2 etc. that I would say it could be classified as a subset of the psychedelic experience, just as much as MDMA/MDA etc is different from the generic phenethylamines. The best way I can summarize the overall effect is that it allows you to vary the depth of concentration on the topic at hand.

I believe that 2C-D could end up being a very interesting compound to investigate if it can be reliably shown to produce the above state. I only hope that this does not encourage people to be stupid or reckless in their investigations, or it may well end up being as demonised as MDMA in the public eye.