[Erowid Note: 
The dose described in this report is very high, potentially beyond Erowid's 'heavy' range, and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.] 

Well to start off I have had experiences with cocaine, methamphetamine, shrooms, marijuana, alcohol, heroin, and various other pharms and hallucinogens.

T+0:00 I injested 40 pills of dramamine, each 50mgs. That taste was almost unbearable.

T+0:30 I am having alot of trouble speaking and walking and parents etc are asking what I'm on, I just say nothing and shrug it off.

T+1:00 I have lost all ability to speak, if I say something, it comes out sounding like 'mmblmmmbl' just slurring and murmuring. Also am having extreme trouble walking straight so I go lay down and watch tv. As I'm watching tv the walls are breathing heavily and if I focus on one point everywhere around it moves. I look away from the tv and my dog jumps on my bed, I start petting her then I realize I'm not petting her but she is still there. Then I start scratching my face only to realize my hands are in my pockets. Then I look and my dog is standing on my ceiling and continues to defacate on my ceiling fan. I tell her that thats very bad and she should come down before she falls. So I get up to try to pull her down and she morphs into my little sister and scares the living shit out of me. I run out of my room and see my real little sister and for some reason her voice seems extremely out of whack and her face scares the hell out of me. I run outside in the middle of the night and continue running for about 2 miles. I then forget why I was running and stop when I see my friends house, I go inside and go to sleep for about 30 min.

T+2:30 I awake and start to go outside. I am having crazy oev and cev (open eye visuals and closed eye visuals) at this point. I am completely and totally disorianted and I had no idea what was reality and what were my own twisted delusions. At one point I blacked out and woke up swimming in an unknown person's pool, it's a miracle I didn't drown. When I arrived home I was speaking complete gibberish and couldn't even sit up straight, I just laid down halfway in the doorway with my eyes wide open talking gibberish and swatting my face trying to get all the imaginary spiders off of there.

T+6:30 I stayed in the doorway speaking nonsense and having extreme oev for about 4 hours at which time my brother came and dragged me inside and put me in a bed where I got up from and tried to jump out the window to escape a headless armless woman who was trying to eat me. Kind of hard to do with no head eh? After this I blacked out and woke up about 16 hours later. 

It is now 2 months later and walls are still breathing, things are still moving, I still have minor hallucinations, and my speech is rather slurred. This is an experience I might not repeat but ya never know.