[Erowid Note: 
The dose described in this report is very high, potentially beyond Erowid's 'heavy' range, and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.]  

Dose - 115mg orally - 5:40 PM
60mg orally -  6:50 PM

This text is a description of my last 'trip' using the substance AMT (IT-290).
I have had at least five expiriences prior to this one. All had been good with no serious visual hallucinations, but extreme giddiness and some mild synsethia. Previously the highest dose I had taken was 100mg even. 

It was about five in the afternoon when I got back to our house, we had obtained a gram of AMT for two-hundred dollars. This is after it had been scheduled. I begin cutting up 50mg-75mg tablets for the free spirits that float around here. During this time I may or may not have injested some through my hands, so I suppose that's the variable but if I did I'd say it was about 10mg. When I finished this I injested my pill (115mg). I relaxed and smoked a a few bongs. I don't know about anyone else but marijuana settles our stomachs when we dose. A half an hour in I could feel things turning for the worse. So I left the group and went outside quickly just to vomit, I did and immediatly every muscle in my body tightened spastically. I stumbled back inside (the neighbor was hawking me preety bad) and I raced up the stairs and locked myself in a bedroom just for piece of mind.

For about forty-five minutes I layed closed eyed enjoying the patterns on the inside of my eyelids. After I began to feel better I went and injested a 60 mg tab (brilliant huh?). No more than five minutes later I got the best visual I've ever had. I looked down at my arm and it immediatly began to 'decompose'. The hairs began to grow out and my skin began turning a blackish/mucasy green/pink color slowly and bubbling. All the veins popped out and wiggled around crazily, it was quite some time before they got back in line. The funny thing about this hallucination is that as I stared at my arm, the visual did not go away but in fact go more complex the more I studied it.

By this time the area I was in was getting seriously over-crowded so I moved up into a room, and only let my 'couch buddy' in. I don't know why but I was very suspicous of everyone, and then at other times I look at them and feel alot of empathy. Physical effects included nasuea, shortness of breath, lack of motor skills, and the dreaded lockjaw/chatterbox.  I did have alot of crazy visuals that night and the thinking process I went through was like going from point Z to point 9, very non-sequeintal but eventually getting where I needed to go. The rest I could describe is just psychedelic babble, but I can tell you the duration of the trip was about nine intense hours and four relaxing ones, however the next day was just one intense hangover but more like I just ran a marathon.  Good thing I saved one more of those things. 

And here is our theory of the actual use for AMT, I'm sure everybodies heard of 
MK-ULTRA and the testing the government did with LSD as well as other hallucinagenics. We think AMT was one of the drugs developed for brainwashing during this projects.  We find that in a setting where mostly everyone is tripping that when a phrase is said over and over again, especially in a joking matter that it becomes a sorda mantra.  For example just for tiddiness someone suggested we keep our car keys by the microwave, immediantly if anyone was seen checking their pockets everyone would start yelling keys by the microwave over and over. Even now it has become like an unspoken law, if your keys are gone check by the microwave. Oh well that's just our theory, I'll be doing more research in this area.