UPS arrived with my package of 250mg of Foxy two days after ordering some online. I ingested a moderate amount (10mg or so), & waited.

When it started kicking in, I felt as if an acid trip were coming on. Music sounded slightly distorted & out-of-place. In fact, a lot of things sounded distant & detached from reality, including myself.

Within about an hour or two, I started to notice something startling: visuals. In fact, the visuals I saw were a LOT like LSD. Colors seemed to seep through the borders of inaminate objects, & I started experiencing strong tracers. To tell you the truth, about 3 hours into the experience (towards the peak) I saw so many hallucinations that I was dumbfounded, mainly because everything I have read about this drug says you DON'T experience visual distortions, but the distortions I experienced were those of a moderate LSD trip.

Talking to people seemed strange, & there was paranoia when having to talk to parents, etc. It made concentration difficult & I was searching for the 'right' words to use when conversing with others. 

It was very physically euphoric. I remember laying down on my bed on my back & staring up at the ceiling... everything was moving & swimming. When I was online, the words on the screen looked more like waves, & were slowly moving up & down with each sentence. I became lost in time, very happy & euphoric. I still could not get over all the hallucinations I was experiencing. It was like acid but 'wavy'... the high seemed to come in & out like waves, but I still felt it the entire time. The visuals were more like acid than 2C-B. It was quite a trip.

After coming down, I went out with friends & gave out free samples. Everyone who tried it loved it. For me, it also made sex more intense... way more. But I only became horny after thinking about it... which was only twice or so. I was having a lot more fun just enjoying the trip.

If I had it, I would certainly do it again. But the comedown was like an acid comedown, & it was not very enjoyable laying awake ALL night long until 9am (I dosed around 1pm or so), so I'd have to take that into consideration.

All-in-all, it was well worth it. But not something I'd want to partake in every week, or even every month.