SUMMARY
Dose: 3 whole nuts @ 5.5g = 16.5g
Duration of effect: 27-32 hours.
Main effects: tiredness, very keen hearing, time slows down to a snail's pace, inability to concentrate on more than one thing, introversion, very dry mouth, mild paranoia
Highs: making love over 4 hours after eating the nutmeg.
Lows: tiredness, inability to concentrate, weak hands, very dry mouth, introversion
Overall: I'm not going to do it again.

Full account:
I weigh 156 and a half pounds.  I had a good night's sleep, got up and freshly grated three whole nutmegs, each weighing about 5.5g.  The little left over nutmeg bits that I couldn't grate without grating my fingers I crushed in a mortar.  The result was a plateful of dark brown powder.  The nutmeg itself was organic and packed in October 2000, with a 'use by' date of May 2002.  Today is March 30, 2002.  I eat the nutmeg on an empty stomach.  Despite the many reports I have read that it is disgusting, I found it quite okay.  It is impossible to eat it without drinking, so I ate it in heaped tablespoonfulls washing each one down with lots of water.  It was quick and easy.  I then drink leaf tea (Keemun and Yunnan) and eat a large breakfast.  I continue drinking leaf tea (Keemun, Yunnan, Earl Grey) for the next four hours or so.  

The nutmeg hit me at 14:45, four hours after I ate it.  I was reading a book and suddenly I cannot bring myself to read anymore.  I feel tired, mildly paranoid, and prone to laughter and grinning inanely.  I try not to laugh, and instead grin so widely that I feel like a Cheshire cat, like my bottom jaw is about to fall off.  I feel extremely relaxed and repetitive movement feels pleasurable, e.g. moving my head left and right, or doodling on a piece of paper.
 
I decide to experiment with music as I have had fantastic experiences with music in combination with LSD and liberty caps.  I discover that I now have extremely sensitive hearing -- it feels as if I am slower than the music and I therefore hear very clearly (I can hear all kinds of backing vocals, percussion, etc. that I had not paid attention to previously).  I am also very sensitive to other noises (from the street outside, creakings in the flat, etc.).  Time seems to go by at a snail's pace and my mind is racing, a bit like during a bout of insomnia.  I cannot concentrate my mind on one subject, making fantasising/visualisation impossible, even though I try very hard.
 
My girlfriend and I make love, which is the highlight of the experience.  It feels as if we make love for hours and hours, but in fact it is less than an hour.  Nutmeg gives me the same positive effect as alcohol, i.e. that I can hold off from coming.  What I wrote above about repetitive actions being pleasurable obviously applies here in spades.  Now we are exhausted, though happy.  We lie shallowly half-dreaming, half-sleeping listening to music, then in silence, until about 19:00.  
 
At about 19:00 we wake up properly and feel very hungry, so we try to make supper.  It is now about 8 hours after I took the nutmeg and I am completely out of it: I have a very poor short-term memory (so I can barely remember what I said 10 seconds ago) and no strength in my hands, making peeling a Clementine impossible, and shelling a hardboiled egg very, very difficult and messy.  I can only concentrate on one thing at a time to the exclusion of everything else.  I have difficulty sitting up straight.  If I try to read something, I become completely engrossed in the text.  I am totally introverted and withdrawn.  As I eat, I am totally focussed on my food to the complete exclusion of everything else from my awareness.  I have a few laughter attacks.  
 
We go back to bed and listen to music for a long time, then we sleep the whole night away, getting up at noon on the next day.  I have a horribly dry mouth.  More than 24 hours after taking nutmeg I feel as if I had a heavy hangover except that I don't have a headache and don't feel sick.  On the whole I am more 'normal' than the evening before but, nearly 21 hours after I felt the first effects of the nutmeg I still become completely withdrawn if I try to read something, still feel mildly paranoid and that time is going by at a snail's pace, and my hearing is still very sharp -- music still sounds much, much longer than it actually is.  I am very hungry so I eat a large meal.  At about 19:30 I take a train to meet some friends and feel that the train is moving extremely, mind-numbingly slowly.  
 
By 01:15 (i.e. past midnight) I finally feel back to my old self again.  I don't want to do nutmeg again.