I might not have been in the right mindset for this experience, nor the right setting.  I had just spent the last night on caffeine, ginger root, and 150 mgs of phenylpropanolamine.  Needless to say I was kind of depressed, tired, and ready for something to come over and take the edge off of the day.  As soon as I awoke I was yelled at and reminded of all the laundry I had to complete from a previous campout the week before.

T 0= I dose four 2.5 milligrams of olanzapine.

t 0:45= I start to feel something different, deffinitely mellow.  I feel relaxed and am kind of moving like I am confused, and I must admit that to a certain extent, I am.

t 1:15= I go to the launderomat and put in the clothes and a sleeping bag, sit down to wait, realize that I still need to pick up some squash so I walk down to the grocery store.

t 1:20= My hands are shaking, it is allot harder to focus on objects, I am confused about where to find the proper things in the store, I eventually buy the wrong things and break a deuce into 10 bucks so I can get more change at the laundromat.

t 1:35= My mouth is dry, I keep lying down to sleep and closing my eyes is very pleasurable, it is hot as hell in this goddamn place and I get up to get some horchata from a nearby restaurant.
 
t 1:40= I stand up and feel faint, I get up to walk and outside on the sidewalk I am forced to sit because my vision has gone fuzzy and black. I feel like I am going to faint and I try to puke, but don't want to stick my hand down my throat in front of people.

t 2:00= I walked past the restaurant into the alley behind, I find a space of shade, lie myself down and try to puke, I cannot.  I lie down for about ten minutes, get up slowly and stay in the shade for about another two minutes. Start walking back to the restaurant.

t 2:20= I walked into the restaurant, I feel as if I am as white as a sheet and am sweating profusely.  I lye down on a bench and eventually get what strength I can to help me up and order a drink. My mouth is dry, my eyes are blurry, I feel as if I am going to faint, and I am having tremors in my feet and hands.

t 3:00= I spent the last space of time trying to sleep, to no avail.  This feels like a delerient, but without the plus'.

3:30= Finished laundery, spent the rest of the day sipping water and trying to stay cool.  Maybe this triggered heat stroke, but when I checked my temp it was around 97. I cannot keep my eyes open, I go from periods of trying to keep my eyes open to sleeping for ten minutes. I cannot stay awake for more than 5 minutes at most.

t5:0 Feeling a little better, I think I am coming down.

t 6:00= Deffinetly feeling a little better, stopped shaking so much, am not slurring my words so much, still REALLY tired though and deffinetly dissapointed that I could not spend this period of time thinking about how stupid I was to try this and how I should be more careful.

Overview: this is deffinetly psychoactive, but might be more enjoyable at a lower dose and a better setting.