Hello, I'm Bryce. I'm seventeen years old and have been diagnosed with Schizophrenia and Depression. I take Olanzapine 5mg in the morning, 15mg at night, Novo-Peridol 2mg at night and Gen-Paroxentine 20mg in the morning. This report is dedicated to the description of my mindset and physical and mental effects of the combined drugs that I have been taking.

I started taking Olanzpine in September of 2005. On a 5mg morning 10mg night dose. The first day I took it I slept for a day and a half straight, this was also due to the lack of cocaine and marijuana in my system was pre-medication I was a everyday cocaine and marijuana user. Olanzapine caused me to feel more energetic and gave me more spunk to live during the day. I still felt depressed times, mostly at around 8-12pm when the morning dose would start to get to its halftime. Physically I was still the same as I always was, but mentally I was more energetic, happier, and filled with a new zest for life. 

My psychosis was still running at the time, and it still is. I mostly hear quiet voices throughout the day that bombard me with negative thoughts such as 'Il kill you' 'You should kill yourself' 'I fucking hate you' 'I want you to die' 'Go to hell you faggot' etc, etc. At night the voices became louder and louder, and this affects me severely as I am a night worker, my job forcing me to work from 7-11 or 5-10. My psychosis was still avidly running, so in November I brought this up to my psychiatrist when my next visit was.

In November I started on Novo-Peridol 2mg at night, this drug is supposed to TOTALLY block dopamine receptors completely and cause no dopamine to flow from one to another. This drug caused me to feel hung over when I woke up, very groggy and very apathetic and aggravated. The feeling lessens after thirty minutes and by an hour after I wake up its gone. This drug completely shut my auditory hallucinations off during the day, yet they still re-appear at night time to bombard me with negative comments and weird feelings. Weird feelings such as feeling very paranoid, as if someone is stalking you, As if I'm sitting in the middle of a room where everyone is talking about me and I can hear everything everyone says, but it's all going so fast I can't comprehend what they exactly say. As well, I also feel much more confident under the effects of the drug, as well as less paranoid.  I also find it much easier to concentrate and accomplish tasks.

My depression was undiagnosed to January of 2006 when I spoke of it to my Psychiatrist. Olanzapine had stopped giving me euphoria during the day and this concerned me, so they started me on 20 mg of Gen-Paroxentine. This drug has done nothing to me; I can feel no differences mentally or physically.