I first smoked red rock opium just a few weeks ago. I wanted to try this peculiar substance that I had heard so much about. I went over to a friend's house, where he crushed up the red rock and layered it in a bowl with pot. We then proceeded to smoke. Red Rock has a very distinct flavor unlike anything I have ever tasted. I could not notice any taste of pot when I inhaled. Red Rocks flavor is similar to a burnt plastic kind of taste. It does not taste bad at all, but has a very distinct taste. 

I then sat back and watched some TV as the pot and opium kicked in. At first, I noticed nothing different that what I usually experience with pot. I was very relaxed and sedated almost. I wasn't paranoid at all, even though I am usually am at this point. The Red Rock seemed to make me very relaxed and mellow. No paranoia what so ever. 

As I moved out of my seat to the couch, I felt so overwhelmed, that I stumbled off balance and plopped down. I laid back and shut my eyes, as if I was going to go to sleep. Then the most strange thing happened. For whatever reason I wanted to open my eyes. I did so and looked around. Only I realized my eyes weren't open. It was as if I had a smoky screen in front of my eyes, which were my eye lids. I didn't need to open them I could just look through them. Very strange. Then I shut them again. Several Minutes later, I felt a strange pulling on my body. I felt like I was being pulled away from my body. Yet, something was holding me back. It wasn't forceful, but if felt like some kind of gravitational pull. All very strange. 

A lot of debate has been going on about red rock. Whether it is real or not. Being that I have smoked red rock, I do believe it to be legitimate. However I have not smoked any other kinds of opium like black tar or anything. But red rock definitely has some quality about it that gets me more stoned than just pot. Whether it is opium or not, I don't know, but I do believe it to have significant effects. 

I went home that night, slept normal and woke up a little groggy but that's it.