I have recently developed a cocaine habit. It started a few weeks ago. I was hanging out with 3 friends of mine, Joe, Nikkole, and Ian. Ian and Joe wanted to get a blunt dipped in dust, but it never happened. They decided to buy an 8 ball instead. I have smoked pot every day for the past 8 months, but had never tried coke. Well there it was, right in front of me. Nikkole, Ian, and Joe talked me into trying it.

I tasted it and thought it was one of the most disgusting things I ever tasted. It was so bitter, and had an almost gasoline like taste to it. Then Ian broke out a small line for me to try. I started small because I had no idea how my body was going to react to it. A little while after I sniffed the first line, I started to feel more awake. My heart began to pound, and I was breathing heavily, but I hardly noticed it. I felt so alive, happy, like nothing could go wrong. It's a more intense high than from pot. My eyes were so dilated they looked completely black. I remember my first drip, it tasted so nasty. But once I swallowed it back, it increased my high. I immediately began to crave another line as I started coming down. That night, the four of us sniffed about half of that 8 ball. I came home at 6:30am and couldn't fall asleep. I just wanted more coke. I smoked a blunt to keep my mind off the coke, and I knew it would help me to sleep.

Since then, I've done coke about 3 times a week. Every time I do it, I wind up staying out all night, because it gives me so much energy. It was all good times until the last time I did it. I was with a friend of mine at the movies, and I did a huge rail in the car before we went inside. As we bought our movie tickets and all that, I started to feel it. I had never sniffed that much at once, and it was a bad idea to do it in such a public place. My high was so intense that I had more energy than I think I ever had in my whole life. I was talking fast, moving fast, and I could hardly control what I was doing.

I went to the ladies room, and the women in there could obviously tell I was extremely high. They were all staring at me. Once I went into a stall I heard them calling me a crack head and laughing about it, they said a lot of mean things, but I don't remember them now. I felt ashamed of myself, but I was so high that it was only for a split second. I looked in the mirror before I left the bathroom. My eyes were all black, I was breathing so heavy it looked unnatural. I really did look like a crack head. As I was going back to my seat in the theatre, I had to concentrate on slowing myself down. I had to think to myself 'Don't walk too fast, don't breathe too heavy, people are going to notice and call the cops.'

I haven't done any coke since then. It didn't bother me at the time, but the women calling me a crack head in the bathroom made me feel horrible about myself. I felt like an addict, a loser, a criminal. The experience made me realize that coke is a serious drug, and I need to use it responsibly. I learned the hard way what my limits are when it comes to coke. I'm never going to do that much again especially when I'm out in public like that. I know for a fact that I will never go to such a crowded place when I'm high ever again. It's a lot more fun when I'm around other people that are doing it, and people I know, trust, and am comfortable around.