ie I had always experieced the horror of the withdraw symptoms and was scared into usI started using xanax recreationaly right at about a year ago. I started using about 5-6 mg a day, I was lured in by the feelings of calm-ness and the ease of social situations. I guess you could say that it snow-balled from there to where I was taking anywhere from 5-12 mgs a night no matter what the situation was even if I was alone just watching tv. After about a year of using I noticed that not taking xanax every day was quite the task, when it wasn't available for purchase I became a pretty aggressive individual, even irate at times. 

That's when I was so in over my head that I scheduled a doctors appointment and amazingly walked out with a prescription to 60mgs a month, that was what I thought to be the smartest move to do, that way I was never under stocked. I even had a dosage time that didn't let my habbit interfear with work, I never dosed up before 7pm it soon became that I woke up angry, pissed off, and just all around in a bad mood, it was so bad that it became that I woke up just to kill time until dosage time that was all I looked forward to was getting 'blued up' out of my mind and when I ran out of the pills I was still buying them.

I knew I had to quit about 3 months into my prescription habbit that was when shit got rough. I was loosing weight, sleep, friends and putting distance between me and my family. when you try to quit cold turkey its the hardest thing in the world I would begin to shake around the medication time my jaw would start to twitch I had shaky hands, and a racing heart that's when I started researching xanax addiction on the web. The horror stories I found literally scared the shit out of me, I realized what I had gotten my self into. I was told that I could go into seizures form just quitting and could maybe even ding them still.

I began to ween myself down I got from the usual 5-12 mgs a day to my prescribed two that was a long hard time. even then going without the 2mgs a day was a living hell I thought I was going to have this addiction with me until the very end but thankfully I made myself do to the doctor and get switched from the xanax to cloneazepam and 0.5 tablets at that I was allowed 1mg a day, it was hard as hell some nights my heart would race so fast that I really thought I was going to have a stroke, but I kept trying and working to get to my goal to be drug free, I found that my usual cannabis intake didn't ease the cravings if anything it brought them on more so I had to leave my be-loved maryjane but that wasn't an issue.

It has been about 4 months now and the cravings are still there and I am still on the klonpin but things are getting easyier by the day.