I have always had the type of personality where I want to try everything once, but 5-MeO-DMT really scared me just because so little did so much to friends around me. I'm relatively new to the whole drug scene, seeing as I only started smoking pot 6 months ago. I have a close friend who experiment's a lot and I trust her judgment so when she told me she tried the substance I was eager to follow. We were hanging out with friends when our resident drug connoisseur asked me if I wanted to trip on it. I was scared but really excited. To calm myself down, I took two bong hits and we traveled to the basement where I would take my trip.

I sat on a bed and held the pipe, filled with an 8mg dose. The smoke was very chemical, plasticky, but not unpleasant. I held the smoke in for approximately 30 seconds. It was not as harsh as I had expected. This is when the fun starts. As I'm holding the smoke, my eyes are closed and I see rainbow light, like I'm seeing the blood course through the veins in my eyelids, except the blood is dancing rainbow light. I laid back into my friends lap and felt waves of ecstasy wash over my body. It was a full body orgasm every time someone touched me. Even the act of breathing was exciting and soon I was panting with excitement and beauty and joy. 

I kept my eyes closed and we were listening to Pink Flyod. The music was going through me and I could feel every word during 'Comfortably Numb' I felt warm and when I reached into the darkness my fingertips met the hands of my other friends causing me to spiral back into a flood of sensation. The combination of the music, the softness of the bed, and being surrounded by people I loved was overwhelming. In an amazing way of course. I couldn't stop laughing, and joy bubbled out of me. 

I felt like I was that guy in American beauty, where everything was too beautiful, I felt at any moment that I could cry because everything was perfect and beautiful and in balance. the only side effects I felt coming down was sheer Elation. My mind felt clear, not cloudy. The entire experience was like being held in the palm of God's hand. I felt small in comparison to the world, but infinitely powerful.

I have no regrets and I think everyone should try it as long as they know what they're 
doing. I don't think my experience would have been as positive if I didn't have 100% trust for the person who dosed me or for the people surrounding me. 

After a few days, it doesn't make the real world seem anything less, on the contrary I feel like my eyes have been opened to the infinite opportunities for Joy.