I have taken 2c-t-7 about 12 times prior to my recent experience. I have taken doses ranging from 5 mg to 35 mg and each fantastically wonderful. Everything was pure joy, an infinite bliss that exceeded any other type of substance I have taken. The thing that greatly toubled me when I took recently was that how could such a beautiful substance be bad in any ways.

But anyways here's my story...

...at around 11:00 in the morning, I took some 2c-t-7 by taking it nasally. Although I hate this method for ingestion, I did it because I only wanted to use a little bit. I sucked 10 mg up and my nose started to burn. 

I decided to take a shower and as a was showering I could feel the intensity build up. Then suddenly, I had a fit of violent sneezing with all sorts of mucous coming out. For five minutes it continued and then it ceased. Now my attentioned focused on the visual aspect of the trip. Everything was moving and swirling but not at a pace my mind could handle.

I left the shower and entered my room. There I became paranoid and had a sort of nervous breakdown. I layed down on the bed and curled up with my hands around my knees. Sounds came from everywhere, horrible ones. I couldn't take it anymore. I left the room and headed towards the basement.

When I arrived there, I turned on the television and began to watch but because the trip was so visual and auditory, I could not make sense of anything. After a half an hour of total disorganization, I turned to a channel which was showing seasnakes. The water was beautiful with its inticate designs of blues. From dark blues to light blues, my favourite being the pale ones. The snakes were quite hypnotic and I was in a sort of trance just staring at them fascinated with there movements. The narrators voice was fantastic. It was sort of deep english accent but not too deep.

I left to get something to eat but nothing to heavy. I cut up a watermelon which I ate frantically. The whole process of eating was very much enjoyable. I read the newspaper but became too difficult when the letters stated to move and spin. I gave up reading and just looked at the pictures which made me laugh.

I went back to my room and felt kind of drained and I fell into kind of depression about life in general. Not just my life, but the life of others too.

That night I had touble sleeping because I had strange thoughts, constanly harassing me. I finally fell to sleep. For about a week I was depressed but afterwards I was cheerfully content with my life and others.

Please do not take this as message to not take 2c-t-7. In fact, I encourage anyone to do so under the right circumstance. Although there was depression involved, it is very rare and only happened to me once. I encourage all ways of exploration of ones self and to find his or her identity.