This all began when I ordered some mushrooms from a dutch website (sorry but they no longer provide this interesting service) I recieved my package and examined the twisted fungi with awe. Me and a mate were to trip together that summer but I wanted to try them out right there. It was about 6pm in the summer and I had an exam the very next day. 
 
I gulped them down with some orange juice. I hadnt eaten all day (doh!)My dad rang and I spoke to him on the mobile while pacing around my garden in the warm summer afternoon. My legs began to feel as if they were curling towards my head.somone had turned up the colour to full on my vision and I was realy enjoying walking. I said goodbye and ventured to the mirror (always a bad idea kids) my puils were HUGE and I got this 'what have u done to yourself?!' giggly feeling within. I retired to my bedroom.

I laid on my bed and stared at the ceiling. The white washed surface was suddenly twinkling with rainbow patterns, turning together, like clockwork. The patterns became three dimensional and it felt as if I were beneath a huge UFO with lights glaring down at me. I began crying in happiness at the beauty of all of this. My overriding feeling was that this was just too beautiful for me to see without working for it. Then my mum came home.

Dread began its creeping journey into my trip as I panicked, knowing my mum would know I was tripping. In she came.

Mum: hi.why are you in bed
Me: (feigning sleep) just a hard day
Mum: you look funny, are you alright? 
Me:(panick She knows!!) No, no I'm just tired (turning over) night mum.

Mum walks out. I open my eyes. Instinctively (just go with me on this) I told my bedroom light to get darker. And it did. Fascinated I instructed it again: 'darker!' and it bloody worked! I realised I  was in an entirely warped world. Nothing could be trusted. I lit a cigarette. I stared at it (trippers, NEVER EVER should stare!) and after some time it began to slowly curve and bend all by itself until I was smoking a completely curled cigartee.oh lord.

I zoned out then and began having dark and paranoid thoughnts that I was ill and dying of imagined diseases and illneses. Fear grabbed me from below and pulled me down itno its sticky world. I was scared and tripping even harder. In desperation I called a friend. He calmed me down and we chatted randomly for ages. I kept saying to myself I was okay and it was over and I wasnt tripping anymore. It seemed to work and soon I was nealry fine again. 

The following weeks me and a mate tripped in the local meadows and forests. MUCH better fun. It was better getting close to nature and DOING something. Instead of staring and dwelling on wierd or paranoid thoughts.<!00Realise its all a ride and enjoy it! Have fun-->