I smoked tobacco for about six months. Although I never really got addicted (I smoked about one cigarette a day and never had withdrawal symptoms), I always preferred the nicotine buzz to the taste of cigarettes themselves. By the time I had taken to INHALING from a pipe, the feeling was lost and tobacco just began to taste bitter. I gave up smoking when I realized this.

Now, I have always been an 'alternative' tobacco fan. I never really thought of myself as a smoker, since I was not compulsive, so I never bought one standard cigarette. I would always get a new brand each time I visited my tobacconist and tried everything from bidis to Regis (unfiltered oval-shaped Turkish cigarettes). Enough about that though.

One day after I had quit, as I passed my tobacconist, I noticed in his window little 'snuff' boxes. Firing up my web browser, I realized that there is a downright dearth of information about this stuff on the web. The skinny is, if you do not know, it is finely powdered tobacco that is ingested nasally.

That's right, you snort the damn shit. The fact that it is a legal substance SPECIFICALLY ENGINEERED to be put up your nose was enough to sell me. 

I bought some of the stuff and, it being the first substance I have ever railed, tried only a pinch of it. Since I know no other snuffer and am thus isolated from the snuffer sub-culture, I gather (but am not sure) that this is standard dosage. Damn that shit hurt! But once my eyes stopped running ten seconds later, I noticed that it felt like I had smoked five cigarettes in the duration of a few seconds. Cool!

The punchline: Snuff hurts, but only the first few times you do it. Actually, I lied, I tried several brands and one or two are really harsh and felt like the first time all over again, but that wore off too. Also worth noting is that it makes you snot BROWN for the next hour. This is not necessarily a disadvantage! Come on, doesn't the twelve-your old in you want to have brown mucus? Seriously though, if you blow your nose a few minutes after you do it, the tissue will be brown but you will have expelled the bad shit and it will not come back later to haunt you.

Okay, so here is the experience:

One night I decided to try a line of snuff. I cut it up just like I had seen in the movies, rolled a clean twenty, and snuffed it. Fuck! That hurt like a bitch! But ten seconds later, I felt like my vision was OH SO CLEAR. Also, my tactile sensation was greatly heightened, like a mild MDMA feeling.

I now do lines every once in a while, but mostly just do a pinch three or four times a day.

I highly recommend you try this stuff. Of course, it looks totally sketch if you do it in public. On the other hand, if you go to a sketchy party and break out with it, everyone wants to try it and you instantly have a (albeit strange) pick-up line. So the verdict is: Go get it! Fun, fun, fun. And legal too. You can piss off your smoker friends by doing it in the middle of meals in non-smoking restaurants while they are sweating the wait to go outside and get their fix.