Approximately a week ago a couple friends and myself ordered 200 mg of 2C-I. It arrived yesterday, and a friend, D, came over to split the stuff up. I decided that the next day he'd come over again and we'd experience the 2C-I. D told me he'd arrive at 8 o'clock in the morning, so a shade before 7 am I dumped what I estimate to be 22-25 mg of 2C-I into a cup of orange juice, mixed it in, and drank it down. Tasted like normal orange juice. I had to use my finger to thoroughly mix, and make sure I got all the 2C-I. So at 7 am, I had the 2C-I in my stomach and I came over to the computer to write this.

T+0:10 - I finish writing the intro and put on some Vital Remains to listen and pass the time.

T+0:22 Anxious, and can't stop smiling. Is it kicking in a little, or am I just having some anxiety? Probably a little of both. I can't wait till the real effects start hitting.

T+0:30 I lie down because of the nausea. After a minute I'm fine and go to release my bowels before D arrives.

T+1:00 I puked about 5 minutes ago, walk out, and see D parked in the driveway. I'm tripping very hard now, wondering if I puked early enough to affect the trip's intensity.

T+1:08 D takes his dose of 2C-I.

T+1:42 D still not feeling anything, I'm still climbing. Tripping so hard that the words on the page melt together but are still legible in a small "circle of vision".

T+1:54 D still not feeling anything. I'm ever higher, I was looking at my jeans and Indian-esque, Arizona mesa patterns appeared.

T+2:00 D is feeling it, rubbing his legs without even noticing it. I'm having trouble writing this report now. Sabbatical.

T+2:50 Both of us are tripping heavily. Listening to techno, and the sound effects are assaulting me. Print out the trip report to give people an idea of what it's like.

T+3:24 He's watching Jay and Silent Bob Strike back and I'm going to see what a shower feels like.

T+4:17 Coming down somewhat now, watching "The Wiggles" on TV. When white text flows across the screen, it's not made of white, it's made of a bunch of different colors. White no longer exists.

T+4:26 Listening to The Kovenant - Acid Theater, and contemplating what to do now.

T+5:49 We went for a cruise to get some drinks and my trip rounded off nicely with a bit of flurries coming down. After effects are there, and some hallucination when I stare at things, but mentally I'm fine, and my pupils are still big, but not quite as monstrous.

In hindsight, this is a great trip. Side effects were nausea, for me, and pressure behind the ears for D. Definitely not too intense at the dosage I had. The hallucinations were good, body euphoria was more than present, and all while retaining my mental precision. I had some epiphanies that melted away in my mind like a solitary snowflake. I find that sort of thing very enjoyable. Definitely a philosophical drug. Easy to get, easy on your brain, and low on side effects! I'm very, very happy with my experience.