After a long day of snowboarding in Boone, I returned to Matthews, North Carolina.  I went to my friend's house.  (I will call him 'J') Trying to find a cup of water, I stumbled into the medicine cabinet.  Snooping through like a nosey motherfucker, I found a generic vial of Klonopins.  Tired and burned-out, I was looking to alter my mind. 

(T 0:00)
I bought three pills and downed them with a cup of coffee.  Me, R, and J went to go see 'THE HILLS HAVE EYES' 

[Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]

(T 0:15)
While driving, my body started to relax.  My joints felt loose, as if I was made from rubber and my head felt...open?? My joints felt loose, as if I was made from rubber and my head felt...open?? My inhibitions let lose and I made various comments on the way specific people acted.  Some comments were basic, some vulgar, some funny.  I felt very relaxed.  Specifically, I remember yelling,'Fuck Bobby Brown,' to an old man.  I would usually not do that.

(T 0:30)
Me, R, and J snuck into the movie.  I felt very awake compared to how tired I was earlier.  Once I walked into the theater, I forthrightly yearned to laugh in everyone's face.  Not out of humor, just because I felt like I wanted to.  We sat down and I received numerous 'complaints' for being noisy and inappropriate.  R and J were telling me to be quiet too.  I honestly thought my voice volume was acceptable...guess not.

(T 0:45)
An advertisement was displayed on the screen.  The trippiest visual of the entire night (due to I passed out in the opening credits).  The Klonopins obviously added some 3-d effect to the advertisement but the visual left me in a trance.  Purple, diagonal patterns waved in a 3-d motion.

(T 0:50)
PASSED OUT...

(T 12:00)
Woke up the next morning in my room.  I did not remember how I got home or if I was dreaming.  To make matters worse, I had fucking pissed the bed. 

I talked to R and J about what happened that morning.  R said that he woke up in the same situation as me-without the urination.  Overall, J took both me and Ross home.  From J's perspective, me and R were knocked out.  We could not walk, talk or even mumble.  Falling was our only ability.