I found a recipe for Poppy See Tea somewhere on the net. I've read a few different things stating that there is no Opium in the seeds. None. Nada. Zip. Zilch. Not even a trace amount. The author of the poppy seed tea recipe obviously would have disagreed, and claimed he drank it all day. Maybe he did.

Anyhow, I made it, which was really just a matter of soaking the seeds (2 lbs) in something lemony (Lemonade) for a while, adding some warm water, and letting them soak for a while longer. Drink the liquid, save the seeds for re-use or pumpkin decorating or something. The tea, with enough sugar, wasn't bad at all. I ended up with perhaps a gallon or two of the tea to drink, but I'm constantly drinking (as in, Coca-Cola, milk, etc. :) all day, so it really wasn't much of a feat. Couple gallons of cough syrup would be a different story...

Aside from the feeling that I just drank a crapload of liquid in a very short amount of time, I really didn't feel much of anything for a while. After an hour or so, I felt a little warm (I was comfortable in 50F temperatures :) and a little dizzy. As far as effects ranging from 'neutral' to 'complete and total ecstasy' are concerned, warm and dizzy really covered the whole experience...

Shortly after, I started to feel really fucked-up. Not 'happy druggie' fucked-up, but 'what virus do I have and how long do I have to live' fucked-up. I was overcome with a nauseous vertigo, and I felt really tired, yet I had insomnia. The tired-feeling was actually pleasant, but without the ability to really relax it was somehow hellish to be tired. The bad pukey feeling started to get really bad, and the tired-insomnia thing just turned into a mental fog (though not one that hindered my ability to function). Then I puked. I hate puking. When I feel pukey, I can almost always keep it in. This just came from nowhere-- I had to do it in the flippin' bathtub. It was all liquid. Then I puked again, and again. I was starting to think at this point that maybe I'd done something insanely stupid and non-opiate related, like extract remnants of the pesticides used on the poppies from my unnaturally-huge amount of seeds. I decided to find out and I called poison control up and asked them what they thought. They didn't answer me (bastards!), but they did tell me that I would supposedly get a bunch of insignificant bad side effects, but no happy fun effects, screw off and call us again sometime.

So I wasn't going to die, which was maybe cool. But I had something to do in a couple hours, and I didn't flippin' need that. I ended up going. I felt safe to drive. I puked a few more times, before and during my little trip. Everybody told me I looked horrible. It was then that my mental state reversed-- I could hardly stay conscious, yet I wanted to stay awake. I had to drive home! I tried eating food, and I'd blank out whilst trying to spoon the food out, on the way to the mouth, and while I was swallowing. I dropped food all over the table 'cos I was blanking out. I started just walking around for no particular reason other than I didn't think I'd fall asleep. I still blanked out a bit, but I didn't bump into anything. 

Obviously, I couldn't drive home like that so I had to take the bus (me and my pot I was carrying around to puke in). I wasn't hungry, so I didn't eat (aside from at my little meeting), but I was really thirsty, so I drank a lot, which led to (or at least assisted) my continued vomiting. I napped for an hour or two, and then I couldn't sleep at all. I was feeling a bit better, but still pretty hazy. I wanted to clean house for some reason, and I was feeling really well-adjusted. I was in a kick-ass mood, despite constant puking!

All in all, I puked somewhere between 20 and 40 times. I stopped counting after ten, and the whole experience was so hazy that I really can't ballpark it too well. It sucked. Very little fun was had from it, and lots of non fun. The next three days I spent practically in a coma. I kinda' managed to wake up and go to work. After I got back, I went back to bed and slept 'till my next shift. Lather, rinse, and repeat...

The really weird thing is I sorta' want to do it again. Partially because I have some more poppy seeds (I bought a *lot*), and also 'cos I liked that well-adjusted part of the experience, but mostly just because I want to see if it's something I can get used to and eventually maybe get something out of. I still want to wait until I know what it was I got from the poppy seeds and why it turned out the way it did before I do. Really I should probably just try out heroin or something, but I wanna stay on this side of the law until' I've ran out of things to try.