I am attempting to write this while on Amanita mushrooms. I have been on it for almost 3 1/2 hours. I am making many typos, and if I leave any, feel free to correct them. This trip is life changing I have never tripped before, I have only smoked weed and drank. This is so unlike anything, but I will try to explain. 

Now, I am fading down, I feel very stoned and I'm shivering cold and sweating. The trip tells me things against reality. I feel a differnt existance ever few seconds, and have to fight it with my conscienceness. Earlier, I had no conscienceness to fight with. Reality became, no two dimensional, one dimensional. Everything in a certain reality would exist at a certain altitudinal level, one level, like a circle across the world, nothing up or down, only the one level. The reality would even come with numbers, I'm not sure where the numbers came from, but a certain heighth reality would be 3, and all became 3, all of life, universe, became that flat circle 3. 

At one point, I came upon the most instense feeling I have ever had, hands down, there is nothing that could possible explain this. The reality was in only dots. The universe, god, and all reality existed within a single white dot. And the white dot that was all reality kept moving, around the center of the sphere, and I would know abut the real reality, but I didn't believe it, I could still see the trip, everything in one spot, all of time, all the answers, EVERYTHING was within that dot. And as it spun around, (I was this dot, so I was spinning with it) it neared to top of it sphere, the apex on a sphere, the very top with which a dot can exist upon a sphere, and all reality was held within this dot upon the sphere of everything, this also became increased in time, the dot, the higher it was, the further in time it was. As it reached the top, I saw what was happening, and I fought it. I became everything, the universe, the being, the entire, and I was on top of the end of time, I entered infinity. I truly saw and experienced infinity. And here, everyone knew infinity existed, you knew it, but it kept going on forever, you cannot return from infinity, I truly believed I would experience this, not for life, but as infinity. I thought that this was the actual life. OMG that was the most amazing thing I have ever been through. The extremes of all within a single dot. I experienced infinity, the answer to life, and it scared the shit out of me, but fascinated me beyond belief. This trip is circles, new realities that I belief each time, and the cirlce makes everything within it. It it not explainable. Everything was in the altitudinal dimension, no flat surfaces in front of me only like table tops. 

I'm not sure when the real trip started, but I know right now it is 1:15 AM, we ate a 5g cap each and shared a 10ish g cap. About 10 g's. I felt like I had been smoking weed after about 40 minutes, it was a light buzz, and I drove home, very paranoid, and very stupid of me to be out, but I didn't think it would have hit yet. Minor buzz at 40 minutes, major cannibis-like buzz around 1030, and I think tripped at around 11. My parents are home, sleeping downstairs, and though I am paranoid to wake them up, I am attempting silence, I know we made a lot of noise bumping into things and shutting doors, and talking in the other world without realizing it, for minutes at a time. hey are right when they say start small. This is major, like nothing ever experienced. It showed me a different life, universe, and existence. It's scary, but definately amazing.