It all started with my friends taking vicodin 5's and such, you know, the small stuff. They all were my weed-smokin people. Now they started using pain pills. So almost all of them were snortin away while I actually turned it down for the first 3-4 months. I stuck to my weed, ocassional acid or mushroom trip. Well why were pills so good to my friends? They seemed to like them quite a bit. So I said, 'Im gonna try it.' So I got my first pill, it was a hydrocodone 10 (the greenish ones) I ate it, took it with some water...not being high on weed. So half hour, 45 minutes later I can definately feel it and why my friends were into it so much. It was like, the best feeling. Weed was just an everyday thing back then so it was like, ok, forget tha weed, I want pills. Time went on, doing pills, just the small stuff, vic's and perc's. No Oxycontin yet. At the same time smoking weed as usual. Quite a bit more LSD trips were common too. That was my favorite but it wasnt that readliy available as the pills were. So with pills being easy to score, I actually started dealing them where I worked, at home, wherever I went, I had a big bag of pers or vics for sale. So at work the boys knew I liked pills, so one of them brought in a oxy 20, offered me a line of it. I so willingly said, 'yah, sure'

So there we go I could feel this was like perc's times 5...nice. Yah really nice. So now I was talking about getting oxys to do and sell, and another hot item roxy 15's and 30's!~ oh 30's were my favorite. So eventually I meet this guy that has all these oxy 80's and I invest money in them to sell and support my habbit, because now I had quit my job and was doing about 40 to 80 miligrams of oxy a day. I had gotten to the point where if I didnt have any oxy to do, I was ill. My body would sweat, my brain ache, my body ache, and all I could think about was how I could get more!! Eventually I got so bad that I had run out of profit money from the pills, and had to pawn stuff off to the pawn shop just to have money so I wasn't jonesing (withdrawls from opiates) so great my body and brain are addicted to an opiate. What the heck can I do now? Just wait for more money and invest again. Yah. So I did, but the same thing happened again, I ended up snorting up all my profit money in pills. I was doing at least 80 mils of oxy a day now. By now I had also made a trip and purchased several bundles of herion, and tried that as well, never using a needle just to let you all know. I always did these opaiates through the nose or orally. Within a 8 month period of this point I decided to go to rehab/detox. I had try to quit myself but could never do it. I even had a doctor prescribe me 15's to ween myself off of them. That didnt even work. She found cocaine and methadone in my urine test. They took me off the prescription immediately. That was about my breaking point. I decided to do the right thing and get professional medical help. And I did. I was in rehab for 7 days and when I got out it was like I had my regular life back, since then I have joined the armed forces and live life free of a life sucking, money eating, addiction. OXYCONTIN