Set and Setting: it was about 9pm on a very rainy and windy Wednesday night. I've experienced 4-ho-mipt and 2c-i on several occasions. I wondered what it would be like to combine a phenylethylamine and a tryptamine as this seems to be relatively unexplored dimension....

I started off by downing about 15 grams of powdered kratom leaf. It's better to make tea, but circumstances didn't allow for it. Using powdered kratom makes it easier to down.. After a few minutes I then ingested 25mg of 2c-i followed by 10mg of 4-ho-mipt. I used tv to pass the time as I felt it come on. Nausea/uneasyness was waving over me as myth busters loomed on the tv. I tried candy to settle my stomach, but it didn't work. At a certain point I realized I couldn't keep all this down, and proceeded to the bathroom to puke. Kratom can tend to make one's stomach upset, but it can generally be combined with PEAs, it adds a distinct flavor to the visuals and the body feel...I have been having GI issues/sickness all week so this probably was compounded the normal come up nausea. Either way it brought such a sense of relief. 

I flipped around on the tv for awhile and watched an episode of south park. My room mate was doing some homework that night but he came out at some point to watch (there is a common living room). He knew I was going to be messed up, so there were no issues there. As I watched the tv it started to make squiggly waves on tv, this is definitely a tryptaminesk quality. It was if the screen was water and it was doing rippling, but arranged patterns of rippling. When I looked at my arm, the arm hairs morphed into the typical 2c-i/persian carpet geometric pattern. Also the pattern was prevalent on the ceiling etc. This pattern is always encountered, one wonders if it is a pattern intrinsic to the drug or it just draws on cliches of pattern deep in the mind (or both). I attempted to draw at one point but it proved to difficult. I just always wants to take a picture of it, which is obviously impossible...eventually I'll have to paint it. 

At some point I decided to take another 10-15mg of 2c-i and 4-ho-mipt each. I had puked a lot up before, so to get the full potential of the experience I needed more. I was pass the come up so any additional drug does not produce that unpleasant anxiety. Soon after I retreated to my room to turn on my trippy lights: a planetarium light that projects either the northern or southern hemisphere and revolves slightly (has a cool shooting star function). Plus another light that projects a red laser thru a crystal and 3 LEDs (blue, red and orange). Together it created an amazing galaxy of rich color on my ceiling. I had a 3d crystal on a base as well that changed color and it's LED light could also be seen on the ceiling. Then for some music listening ..The Cure - Disintegration. I had tried earlier but had been too sick. My ceiling came alive, red also looks especially vivid. It metamorphosed into a chasmic arrary of colors. It looked similar to what it does on 2c-i alone but different. Depth was slightly less, but it looked as if a spot light was shooting around my room. Different areas became illuminated in a patch-like manner. How did music sound? It was definitely improved, but I found myself distracted by an inner dialog. Also the emotional pull of the visuals were more flat and dull. 

Closed eye visuals were fairly vivid, but not as if on 2c-i alone. Music did not flow with them as much because of the inner discussion. Though at one point I felt my body melt into my bed. My cold tempurpedic pillow enveloped me and I felt the coolness meld into my body. My arm across my face became warm and stuck to me. I reached up and saw black energy in my hand as I reached for the ceiling. It was if a black segment started in the hand and flowed up my finger like a ring band. Without a doubt there was synthaesia..Still the music continued.. Lullaby by the cure is a really freaky song, "on candystripe legs the spiderman comes, softly through the shadow of the evening sun, stealing past the windows of the blissfully dead, looking for the victim shivering in bed, searching out fear in the gathering gloom, and suddenly! a movement in the corner of the room! and there is nothing i can do, when i realise with fright, that the spiderman is having me for dinner tonight!".... yet I still think the cd is the ultimate trip cd.. It was dream-like state, the rest of the cd played out, yet were I was in the cd seemed to be elusive. 

I woke up and looked out the door at the palm trees swaying the cold wet wind... all and all it was a fun trip. The only bad part was a bad headache in frontal part of head, left side (and a good amount of stomach distress). While 2c-i and 4-ho-mipt make an intriguing combination I feel that they are better used apart. 2c-i has such a positive body feel alone and a deep emotionalness to it (quite good for music).  4-ho-mipt combines incredibly well with kratom ("wall of euphoria" type feeling), and has a more organic character...Both winners!