I have experienced with drugs in the past, especially DXM. This is the closest I have ever come to death from a drug in my life. About a year ago there was a huge party with a well known dj. My friend, Steelo, and I thaught to ourselfs that we should roll that nite. So we talked to some people and one guy promised us some pure MDMA (molly.) So the nite comes around and he gave each of us half a gram of molly. So we blew it. About an hour later we felt nothing from the molly and assumed it was fake. My friend and I both had one pill of 1,000 grams of DXM, but we decided to drink instead. As the night got later we found another friend who had about half a bottle of vodka left. We knew this would not get us drunk so but we decided to drink it anyway. We each had about 6 shots, and once again, felt nothing. We ended up going to the dance sober and got tired and bored around twelve o'clock and went back home. 

When we were home we had nothing else to do except take the DXM. We both poped the pills at twelve thirty and waited for the action. I felt the DXM almost instantly while my friend did not. I felt a different kind of feeling though than I would rather have off DXM. This was probally my tenth time taking DXM so I was familiar with the drug. Around one thirty some of our friends came home cause they got bored of the party also, and around this time I started feeling bad. I was dizzy, hot, ichy, and could not think right. I also had the feeling I was going to vomit everywhere. My friend also started feeling his effects at this time also. We notifyed our friends that it would be a long night, so they suggested that we should all just go to sleep. I felt so nauseous that I made myself throw up because I know I would end up doing it later in the night anyways. My vomit was a slimy green liquid, and as I was gaging I caughed up blood. I knew something was not right at this time, DXM has never done this to me before. 

I went back and we all were lying on the floor trying to go to sleep when instantly I fell into a new world. The trip hit me instantly. I was hearing loud heavy metal music, so loud I was screaming for my friends to turn the radio off, but it was all in my head and the radio was off. Then I began to see different people I have met through out my life, and I was seeing different places very rapidly. I could not tell what was fake or real. Everyone else at this point went to bed, so it was just my friend and I lying there trembling uncontroliably. He was feeling the same exact thing I was, we would try communicating with each other but did not know if we were really talking to each other or a figment in my mind. The night went on still having strong intense visuals with having no time preception. I felt like I was insane and was going to die. My heart was fluttering, body shaking, did not know if I was cold or hot, even tho I was sweating a lot. I saw a man with a hammer over me hitting me, I could even feel the pain as he stiked me. I was thinking about odd things, like hot air ballons and tall buildings, things that made no sense what so ever. 

The recognizable trip was being in a room with another group of friends, but they were all frozen in time, and not moving. Steelo also felt this, he would even start having conversations with them until I had to snap him out of it. This continued almost the rest off the night. Finally I nodded out around six in the morning with a whole nite of intense tripping and bad dreams. I was glad I threw up earlier becasue it could of got some of the substances out of my body. My friend on the other hand had not and was still feeling horrible. So I convinced him to go throw up, and he did. Then we both went to sleep. Everyone woke up around twelve and I was still feeling woozy and light headed. Also still having minor hallucinations. I could not get out of bed as if I were parilized. In other words I felt like complete shit. 

As my friend and I continued to sober up, we discused our experiences from the night before. We both encoutered the same feelings and some of the same trips. We concluded that the molly we had was not MDMA, even though the guy to this day still claims it was. After some research we came to figure that the 'molly' was pcp or something else. We also concluded that all the drugs triggered each other off and affected on our bodies. Even though six shots is not much, it is when u combine an unknown powder and 1,000mg of DXM, and vice versa. I have never touched the drug since, and never will. I truly thought I was on the edge of death, and I never want to be on that edge again, especially from a drug over dose.