I took this drug for the second time. The first time I took it, I took about 12-15mgs and had a very pleasant trip.  My auditory awareness was increased significantly both times.  I don't personally recommend taking more than 20 mgs, unless you are ready for an intense, long trip.

My trip the second time was very intense. I took a 25mg oral dose.  I was casually dating this girl and we decided to take it together because of the sensational tactile qualities of my first trip.  I told her about my first trip and she was interested.  She had taken acid and ecstasy a number of times and was curious about exploring a 'new' psychedelic drug.

She snorted a 12-mg dose.  About an hour into it she started wigging out, at least thats what it appeared to me at the time (I was tripping my balls off).  We separated because I couldn't handle being around her any more.  I think she went and spent the rest of the night in the corner of a dark room.  Four other people tripped with us, all on various dose sizes.  My friend who tried it the first time with me also took a 25mg dose.  We stuck together because we were both having a difficult time talking to anyone else.

We all went for a walk in the forest.  I ended up climbing a pretty substantial redwood tree. That part of the trip was very intense.  My motor skills weren't too badly impaired.  I felt like a bird in the tree, which was an interesting experience.  About this time (about an hour after taking the dose) I started getting auditory hallucinations.  I could hear very small people laughing all around me.  It was like a crowd following me. Then, if any sounds were present, I could see them.  I hallucinated cartoon laser sounds and saw bursts of red, yellow and white light.

After about two hours, we all decided to go back to the apartments and went our separate ways.  I felt like I was coming down at this point, but still had a pretty intense stomach/body trip.  The whole time I felt like I had butterflies in my stomach.  When I got back to the apartment, my friend put on some music.  I recommend this to anyone who's interested in experimenting with this drug.  The auditory/visual combo was very interesting.  I decided to go in the other room and play my bass guitar.  I started messing around with it, slapping, etc.  I found this groove in my head and started slapping it like I have never been able to before.  When I started this I started getting white flashes of light.  The faster and fatter I played, the brighter the flashes.

I kept doing this until I peaked and had an orgasm-like experience and 'whited-out.'  I fell back onto the bed and laid there for a little.  It was the most intense body sensation I had ever had on any psychedelic.  I guess it was comparable to ecstasy.  We smoked a lot of weed and listened to music the rest of the trip as far as I can remember.  I was kind of fried after the 'white-out.'  Surprisingly enough, I was able to kind of remember the rhythm I was playing on the bass after the trip.  It stayed with me, which was a very nice surprise. (I wasn't sure if I hallucinated everything, including actually playing bass that well.)

I would compare this trip's intensity as far as hallucinations to about 5 hits of good acid, or a little over an eighth of good mushrooms.