I had taken shrooms before, but I had never really tripped that hard.  Everytime I dosed I would just feel very light and happy and lights would seem brighter than normal.

I was at my friends house and we had just purchased an 1/8 for 50 dollars.  It was in the form of a chocolate heart, which I had never seen before.  I always ate caps.  

The strangest part about this trip was how fast it kicked it.  I ate the chocolate, which tasted strange but good, and probably 10 or 15 minutes later I started to feel different.  I got extremely nauseous and thought I was going to throw up.  When I got up to get a trash can (just in case) It was difficult to walk because I had tremors in my legs.  It was difficult to do anything because of the tremors, but it wasn't that unpleasant.

For about 30 minutes while I was coming up I barely moved.  I lied down on my friend's bed and tried to get comfortable, but it was difficult because of the shakes, nausea, and anxiety.  I remember being afraid to be alone and constantly telling my friend not to leave me.

After a while, the nausea started to subside and I began to feel good.  I felt light and a little hyper.  Around this time my friend took a picture of me and flash from the camera looked amazing.. It looked like lightning.

I wasn't hallucinating much with my eyes open, but when I closed my eyes I saw the most beautiful things.  It's so hard to describe.  I saw colors that could never be recreated in nature.  I saw strange visions like butterflies flying behind my eyelids with thousands of blinking eyes in their wings.  I remember being overwhelmed and wanting to cry with joy because it was so beautiful.

About an hour and a half later, I was peaking.  I hadn't opened my eyes in a while because of the visions, and that's when I heard the voice.  There was a man in my head!  Or so I thought.  He told me many things.  What I remember most though is when he first spoke to me.  He said, 'I am the Shaman.  These visions are a gift from me.'  I wasn't scared of the voice.  In fact it was very comforting.  I talked back to the shaman, but in my head.  I called it speaking to him telepathically.  I don't remember much about our conversation, but when I 'woke up' from the trance and opened my eyes I felt so happy.  I felt like I belonged in the world and I finally understood why I was here. I felt like I belonged in the world and I finally understood why I was here.  It was a wonderful feeling.

Later when I was coming down I went outside with my friend to smoke a cigarette.  It was night time and I couldn't remember the world ever being so beautiful.  I watched the trees, and the stars, and the sky, and mostly the moon.  I felt so connected with nature and people and the earth.  It was an extremely positive experience that I will never forget.