Well the first time I ever did ephedrine was when I had a sore shoulder one day and a friend gave me a few tablets to see what it did. A rush of energy, then total relaxation. I liked it and bought a few more off of him. My tolerance built up and I had to take more to get the desired effect.

Well one Friday before my fourth period class I took not my normal 7 tablets but 11. I experienced a total sensation through out my body. Thoughts in my head were like rapids in a river, only the water is full of colours. There are just too many thoughts to grab onto one specific one. But when I eventually do, I spit it out and sometimes its good sometimes its bad but when I'm like this I don't have the capacity to think about what others think. I began to see and feel everything. My hands were shaky and I had a presentation to give... yes a presentation. And the presentation involved alot of interaction with the audience.

But you know what? I blew the class away. I had an answer to every question, I had a response and a position on every ones comments. I was at the height of performance. I had a thousand swimming thoughts and I was able to at least spit out a few hundred in that hour presentation. 

I then got on my bus to go home. It was like hitting a brick wall of relaxation. The energy that my body was using and the adreniline died out in a matter of 2 minutes to 5 minutes. My body feel into utter relaxation for about 4 hours after that.

What did I get on the presentation? 100% and a very glowing report card at the end of the year. Do I still do ephedrine? Well I do it in spurts, I try ephedrine for 3 weeks then switch to something else to avoid the high tolerance levels, but usually I do it two times a week in my on period. I highly recommend it, but heed warning: 1. mixed with alchohol, even a little bit FUCKS ME OVER, and not a good fucked up a very very bad one. 2. My peter is so relaxed I have a hard time getting it up and then keeping it up. Sex is out of the question. 3. Leaves a dry, very pasty feeling in my mouth after ward, gum usually helps that out big time.