I was signed up for a school trip for the end of the year to the Galapagos islands, Quito, Equador, and Cusco, Peru. Prior to leaving the country I stocked up on a 40 sac of buds and an eighth of mush. Getting it through the airports was no problem by the way. When I got to Quito, one of the days we were going to climb the volcanoe Quotalpaxi or something, I took the eighth at about nine in the morning with some cheeto puffs. I gulped down two glasses of orange juice with it too. 

It was when we were on the bus that I started feeling the effects which came unusually quickly, only taking like 20 minutes. 40 minutes in we stopped at the look out site over all of Quito. I began noticing little things swaying. And all the colors of the houses in the city had a brighter light to them. I was returning to the usual lighting and look of a trip. I got back on the bus and traveled for another 40 min or so. We stopped at a gas station on the way to go to the bathroom and that's when sh!t started goin down. I was sittin starin at the tiled ground when blocks started shiftin about in big sections at first. But eventually I saw little single blocks sprout arms and legs, full on push themselfs up from the ground and run into another open hole as if playing duck duck goose or something.

Keep in mind we were already at like 15,000 feet above sea level. We started our drive to the volcanoe and along the way I was staring out the window watching all the plants. They were perceived as little alien lifeforms, all with some sort of almost worshiping demenor gazing upwards to the sky, the heavens, whatever as if looking for answers. Throughout the drive I began to notice almost everything has a very upward apearance all as if they were reaching for the sky. We drove farther and stopped to shop fer knick knacks and what not. I bought a llamma wool benie that I saw weave itself. It was like the threads were all little snakes crawling into shape and what not.

Anyway we got to the volcanoe finally and I tried to go on the hike. I started walking up the hill at like 17'000 ft. Only able to take like 5 steps at a time before having to rest and catch my breath. I look up towards the peak of the mountain just as all the clouds blow clear, and I swear that I saw a face form out of the mountain. I stood there stunned just watching. The face shakes back and forth as if saying no to whatever I was thinking at the time, which was weather I could climb this thing all the way. I decided that it would be best fer me to chill at the bus and let everyone else hike instead of possibly passing out on the trail.