Other medications I am currently taking:

Claratyne
Ventolin
Symbicort 200/6
Luvox (fluvoxamine) 100mg - Note that this stuff somewhat inhibits euphoric and hallucinatory substances, so if any of these effects are normally present with this stuff I'm not gonna be able to tell you about them. Sorry!

Age: 22
Weight: 75kg (165lb)

Total Dose:
304mg dihydrocodeine tartrate

This starts one grey, overcast afternoon when I am bored at home, and sick with a chesty/throaty bug that's doing the rounds at the moment. To curb my boredom, and relieve my sore throat, I was planning on extracting some codeine from some Panadeine or something similar and taking that. Then, looking in my medicine cupboard, I find an interesting little bottle marked as Rikodeine. The active ingredient, dihydrocodeine tartrate, I haven't heard of before. Seeing the mention of codeine in there, as well as the lack of other active ingredients, I jump on the net to find out what I'm dealing with. It turns out dihydrocodeine tartrate is a semi-synthetic opioid substance with a strength somewhere between codeine and morphine (just a little less than twice the strength of codeine by one report). Fantastic!

17:00 - 38mg dihydrocodeine tartrate - I take the liquid and swill it around in my mouth, gargle it, hold it under my tongue, and finally swallow it. This is how I take all the doses. After dosing up I head to my room, open the window for some fresh air, close the blind, close the door, and fire up a really mellow mix of tracks in Winamp. I lie on my bed in my boxers with my headphones on, close my eyes, and wait.

18:50 - 76mg dihydrocodeine tartrate - having felt very little to no effects I decide to take more.

19:20 - 38mg dihydrocodeine tartrate - time for some more

20:10 - 38mg dihydrocodeine tartrate - definitely starting to feel effects now. pupils are small. body-load sensation. Pulse around 108. chilling out lying in bed listening to some really cruisy tunes. the room is dark and i'm very comfortable.

20:45 - 38mg dihydrocodeine tartrate - feeling really relaxed. decided to try a little more to see whether it would increase the high. i was having some slight breathlessness but I put it down to this chesty/throaty bug and some Ventolin and Symbicort seems to have taken care of this. am breathing much better now. limbs feeling slightly shaky and extremeties are cooler than usual. had a little trouble urinating just now. i could feel my brain trying to tell my bladder to do it's job but it seems the messages just weren't getting through. urinary retention is a noted side-effect. face is feeling quite warm, though this could be due to the foam padding on my headphones.

22:00 - 76mg dihydrocodeine tartrate - effects seem to be wearing off, although this may be due to my concentrating on doing some things on my laptop rather than lying in the dark and letting the high take me. i'm leaving the computer now (that is to say, putting it back on the side-table next to me - i haven't left the room at all) and will return to how i was journeying before. i am enjoying this. i don't want it to end.

00:14 - the main high has passed and i am now left with the pain relief effects (my sore throat still isn't sore), tiny pupils, restlessness, and an aching, cloudy head. one other thing, this stuff has made me _extremely_ gassy. nasty.

Overall, I would have to say that I like this stuff. The way I try a substance for the first time probably leaves room for improvement. As you can see from the dosing, I tend to start with a little and then, based on the effects I get from that, I take more and more until I either run out, pass out, or just get bored. I think it is better to start small, which I do, but then to leave it for another time when one can try a higher dose. I think if I followed my own advice here I probably wouldn't be so gassy, or have this annoying cloudiness and ache in my head.

To sum up, dihydrocodeine tartrate is a good alternative to codeine or propoxyphene. I think in future it would be nice to try it with some weed which may help with the comedown, as well as add a more euphoric flavour to the trip. The Rikodeine I used had no other active ingredients. As always, make sure you know whether whatever you use has acetominophen (aka paracetamol), aspirin, ibuprofen, or whatever. Acetominophen, in particular, is terrible for your liver in high doses.

Thanks for listening!




15 November 2005