One night my friend Tiffany and I were calling around trying to find something to do. Well she gets a hold of this one guy that she is pretty good friends with and he says he has acid and we could come over to his house and trip. It had been almost two months since I had tripped last and I was really excited about being able to do it again. However I did not know these people we were going to trip with and I was a little uneasy about going over there, but since acid was involved I went anyways.

As soon as we got there I was feeling really out of place, maybe because these people were like 8 years older than me, I don't know. That's what I think it was anyways. Well about 30 minutes or so pass and I am all thinking, yeah these people are cool, I feel comfortable enough to trip here now. So the guy goes and he gets the acid for us. So I take my 2 hits of silver fluff that are on sugar cubes and I watch everybody else take theirs. Tiffany buys four and she decides that four might be too much so she gives me another so we can be even. When really she knew we would not be even because I trip way harder than her.

Half an hour later I am getting this really good feeling all over me (to me this kind of feels like a roll). Then I start to see tracers like crazy and everything is breathing furiously. Not too long after that I am full blown tripping, seeing mushrooms, smoking caterpillars, stars and other cartoon like visuals floating in the air. Then I look over at this vine going down his wall and it starts to come at me. I look away because I didn't want to see anything like that. That didn't do much good because as soon as I looked away I started to stare at this rug he had. The brown on the rug turned into millions of hideous worms with razor sharp teeth that were lunging at me and I could see the vine out of the corner of my eye and it was starting to wrap around my throat.

I then got up because I could not deal with all of that, but when I got up I could not move. I had forgotten how to walk. So I just stood there for about 5 minutes trying to remember how to walk. Soon after that I did not know my name or my best friends name. I really started to worry about myself and began to cry. Tiffany then took me outside to get me away from all the music to try and see what was going on with me. We get outside and it looks so beautiful to me. I was happy for a second then I looked down at the grass and it turned into the same worms I just tried to get away from. This time they were coming right up to my face and I could hear them screeching and hear their jaws opening and closing. It sounded like the effects they do on movies with this sort of scene. I tried to close my eyes and escape them but what I saw when I did that was even worse. Countless numbers of eyeballs were looking at me. They were the most evil things I have ever seen. They were all on these snakelike bodies that were weaving back and forth. I reopened my eyes and saw the eyes and the worms all over me and on the ground. 

It was then that I started kicking and screaming trying to squash what I was seeing. I really thought they were going to eat me. Tiffany grabs me and tells me that none of what I was seeing was real. I come back to reality for a minute. What happened next was so crazy I can't even believe I went through it.

I find this very hard to explain but I will try my best. The bad stuff started to go away and I was back to stars and pretty stuff. Periodically that would stop and it was back to killer worms. I found myself seeing all of these things at once. Then they separated and were not in the same area as another. I noticed that I was still seeing the same things though (both of them). The trip then intensified and I could feel in my brain that I had two trips going on in my body. I could see the good stuff on one side, the bad on the other. I was so confused I could not even talk. I told Tiffany what was going on and she asked if I could pick one side over the other. I told her I could try but then I was asking her which side I should go on. Something was trying to get me to stay with the bad side. She said the good so that was what I told myself to choose.

We then went back inside and things started to go a lot better for me. Even though I was seeing horrendous monsters when I closed my eyes, I was still seeing pretty stuff which was more prevalent that the evil stuff at this point. From that point on I had a good trip I guess you could say, but all that other stuff was still in the back of my mind. I just had to ignore it.

That so far is the only bad trip I have had. Hopefully it is the only one I will ever had. That did not stop me from tripping though. I still do it about every other week. I know now that even if you are feeling the slightest bit unsure about taking lsd or are not comfortable with who your are with or where you are, don't take any because a night planned for all fun can turn into a what seems like a never-ending hell.