I had a lot of trouble after getting my wisdom teeth removed, such as inexplanable searing pains that sometimes spread across my entire head. My surgeon told me that he did a perfectly good job and that I needed to 'just move on.' I found his answer a little unsatisfactory, to say the least, so I visited another oral surgeon from his group, who said he found no reason for this problem, but he went ahead and wrote me a script for 24 10/325 Norcos (hydrocodone and acetaminophen). Typically I'd take 1.5 to 2 of these (20 mg hydrocodone).

Now, fast forward a bit. It's been 6 weeks since the surgery, and since I've eaten, because it hurts so much. I see a dentist who informs me my muscles are in shock from the surgery, and the recommended course of action is 6 days at a low dose of steroids, and Soma (carisoprodol) to relax the muscles, relieve pain, etc. Keep in mind this is just carisoprodol, not a Soma compound with aspirin and codeine or whatever.

I decided to wait until tomorrow to take the steroids, but I would take the Soma just to see how it affected me (so I would be able to gauge the effects of the steroids). This turned out to be a good decision. 

4:00PM-
I took 20 mg of hydrocodone. No problem there. 

8:45PM-
Took the Soma, my pharmacist told me there should be no dangerous interaction between the two (I informed him of my dose and everything). It was a 350mg pill. 

9:00PM-
Felt slightly warm in my feet, and slightly different mentally, in a mild, subtle, and not really describable way. Not really a big deal. 

9:15-
Felt a bit woozy, and dull mentally. My chest felt weird, so I decided to feel my heart- it was the most screwed up, erratic heartbeat. Skipping beats, beating softly then extremely hard, rapidly then slowly, rotating extremely quickly. I began to feel worried, but in a very detached way, as if the panicky feeling that would normally accompany such a reaction was replaced with the bare thought that it underlied. The drug obviously has some strong anti-anxiety effects. I was also having a lot of trouble breathing, as if I was never getting enough air.

9:40-
Arrive at ER. In the car, I notice my heart rate becoming less irregular, but still rapid. I was not feeling anxiety at this point, so I knew it to be drug related. The breathing problem was still present, though. By the time I got there I thought I would be ok, the wait was about an hour, and I left after an hour. 

10:40-
Heartbeat is still slightly irregular, but the breathing thing is aggravating me. I drink 2 coffees to alleviate it. 

12:00-
The adverse reactions have finally worn off. 

I wrote this to warn people that are taking it recreationally. I thought it would not affect me adversely because I have a naturally high resistance to most depressants (alcohol, benzodiazepenes, opiates), but I was totally in the wrong. All it took was one pill, the recommmended dosage, to completely screw up my heart beat, constrict my bronchial passages, and make me feel like I was going to pass out. Who knows what would have happened if I took more?