Amount tried: probably less than 1/10 of 1/2 of a gram (well, probably about 1/8th of whatever comes in that free 5x salvia pouch)

Location: Alone in my apartment, on a lazy sunny late-August afternoon

Time: Started 4:15pm, main trip ended 4:25pm, completely wore off at 6:15pm 

Other drugs: I was feeling a little lazy and bored this afternoon, and had about 3 beers over the course of 3 hours. When I finished the last beer I had a very slight buzz, and decided, wtf, since there's nothing good on tv I might as well try this salvia 5x sample I got. I was waiting for just the right moment when I felt calm and collected, with ample time on my hands, and this was it.

Account:

****
Reading what others have described about salvia, I kinda expected some sort of mind blowing experience, wall meltings, face melting, falling off the end of the universe into some other parallel dimension kind of trip with this drug. One person even described the trip as if it was being on a roller coaster. And that's how I ended up approaching my 10 minute trip into 'Salvia-Land.'

I lit some incence and turned everything off. I sat on my recliner in my underwear since some people said to expect being really hot and sweaty and draped my bedsheet over me. I took my glasses off to be more comfortable. I loaded up my one-hitter and took the whole thing in one hit, and set it down, expecting somethig miraculous to happen. Nothing happened, so I loaded up and took another hit. This time, the world seemed a little different. Back to the roller coaster analogy, I felt as if the recliner I was in was the cockpit, or seat, of some kind of roller-coaster ride, and there were people to the side of me, friends, perhaps, but altogether nice people, waiting for me to give the go before the rocket ship, or coaster, or whatever would take off.

I felt this only in my mind, however, as the whole time I was staring at the clock right above my entertainment center (tv off) watching the second hand go round, thinking of it as a countdown to liftoft, or something like that. I waited for a few seconds, and then burst out laughing. The whole idea of me in a cockpit in my underwear seemed really hilarious. I should mention at this time my body started to feel slightly numb, and my mood euphoric. I had a firm grip on my external reality and had no open eye visuals, but was allowing this fantasy to play out in my inner mental theatre; I certainly was aware that outside my mind it was a normal sunny August Sunday afternoon. When I was staring at the clock the borders around objects seemed to melt and bend a little, and I had the feeling that I was a little hypnotized as I watched the second hand move. But when I moved my head slightly and shifted my gaze, I snapped out of it.

I was a little disappointed with the trip, in all, having got the opinion that I would soar through space on this drug from reading other's accounts. But I took a really small dose to see what would happen as I was really nervous about throwing up, or having a panic attack if I took too much since I didn't have a sitter, and decided to take little baby steps into outer 'salvia' space.

The whole time I was trying this, I thought, 'Damn, I gotta write this down and share this with others--it is hilarious! Me in a flying cockpit, how absurd!!' When the major effects died down I rushed to my computer to type this up, and here I am. I am writing this now coming down from the little 'trip,' and everything is starting to wear off. It has been about 20 minutes (boy, the time sure seems to fly!). I had trouble typing this while writing when I got started, but am now seeming to do ok. I am trying to give the most accurate account of what happened, and my mind and body are a little fuzzy, but I feel like I am still intact. Overall, I feel much like I feel while being modereately high on marijuana; I am euphoric and my body and head feel heavy.

My mind is still intact, as it was the whole time (completely logical/analytical, no loss of concentration or short-term memory as with mj), but I felt like at the peak of the trip as though I could 'let go' for a second or two and see what would happen, but I still knew I could come back any second. I will try this again in a little bit at a higher dose, but I'm not sure what to do since I only have my small one-hitter; it seems like in order to have a full mind-blowing trip I need a bigger pipe. I will write back when I try more later.