Last night was the first night I ever actually experienced this drug called PCP.  I did it once over a yr. ago, but I only did a 1/4 of a bag and I ate it so it didn't do too much, but I could tell that it was something that I would not like to do again.  This time I didn't know about it.  I was at my boyfriend's house and we were supposed to go out to see a band so I was drinking some cheap wine really fast to get in the party kind of mood.  

One of his friends called him and he wanted to go hang out with them so we did.  These people usually have a lot of diff. drugs so I knew there was going to be something going on, but I'm not really into the stuff they do so I didn't plan on doing anything except drinking.  My boyfriend and his friends snorted their lines of PCP and tried convincing me to do it but I kept telling them no.  I was drinking a Long Island Iced Tea.  Later that night the girl that was there told me to read a quote that was posted on her refridgerator behind me so I turned around to read it.  Not thinking anything of it.

I was drinking my tea slowly because I didn't trust my boyfriend's friends because I was afraid that they were going to put something in my drink or they already had.  After sipping on my drink for more than two hours everyone was getting on my ass about drinking it so slow so they made up a game for me, if the dice landed on an odd number I had to drink.  Well, I ended up finishing my drink pretty quick and knew that I felt more than just an alcohol buzz.  We all got up to go sit on the floor in the living room and that's when I could tell that something was def. up.  I went to sit down, but I couldn't figure out how far away the floor was from me.  This reminded me of the one other time I tried PCP cuz the same thing happened so I knew that I was fucked up.

A lot after that is a blur.  I kept holding onto my boyfriend because it was dark in the room and they had a strobe light on and I couldn't see a damn thing.  I thought that I was going to lose my bf.  After a little while I couldn't handle it anymore and told him that we had to go home.  This part I don't remember much, but I guess I kept telling my bf that I wanted to leave, but then I would say I wanted to stay and then two seconds later I would want to leave again.  I remember trying to put on my shoes and I couldn't see them except a blurry white glow.  I couldn't get them on at all.  Then when we finally went to leave I supposedly tried to walk down the stairs and almost fell and my bf had to pretty much carry me down.  

I don't remember getting in my bf's truck.  I do remember sitting in the truck in the drive-way of my bf's cousin's house and he went inside and left me in the car alone.  I know I started freaking out then.  I was thirsty and kept trying to drink some shit, but I couldn't lift the bottle.  Then I remember talking to myself or something and praying not to die cuz I thought I was done for.  Then when my bf got back we went to his house and I couldn't walk worth shit.

I had no control over my body at all and couldn't even tell that I was moving.  I knew that I wanted to move, but I wasn't sure if I really was or not.  After we got in the house things just got more crazy.  I started throwing up all over and I couldn't stand up and I was crying cuz I was certain that I was going to die.  I wanted to just got to bed and sleep it off, but when I was laying down it felt like I was laying on a slope and I was going to fall off the bed.

I kept asking my bf if I was going to be alright and I didn't believe him when he said I would be.  My body felt all numb, but I could still feel stuff.  It was like there was a layer of fuzz around my entire body, kind of like when your leg or something falls asleep, but not as bad.  I couldn't barely feel my tongue either and couldn't talk worth shit.  I was convinced that when I woke up I was going to be paralyzed and have brain damage and have a lisp.  I woke up a few hours later and still felt all fucked up.  I still could barely walk and I couldn't focus on one thing.  It would keep jumping from place to place.  Then two hours after that I could manage to see and walk some.  Not it's been about 14 hours since I took it and I still feel all weird and it feels like I don't have a brain.  So, if there are tons of mispellings and fucked up shit in here, you know why.