[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.] 

I walked down to the local pharmacy and bought a can of that computer stuff in a bottle, the stuff that comes with the little red straw, and made my way back home.

I set up my pillow against the wall, and flipped the black light on, and there was music on the computer, and I laid back against the pillow on my bed, and two of my other friends were in the room. One was standing by the window, and the other sitting at the computer, conversing among themselves. Previously to this we had smoked a lot of Cannabis Sativa.

I broke open the bottle and huffed down a good bit, and set the bottle next to me on the ground and waited for it to kick in. Small flashing light spots, flashed in front of my eyes, and I lost motor skills and laid there staring. A strange radar-like sound echoed in my head, and I phased out, I would look at my friend standing, and I could only hear him talking, but I saw my sitting friend's lips moving. Then I glanced to my other friend, sitting, and I could only hear him talking, but they were talking faster, like on 2x speed on the tape recorder. I phased back in and the lightshow went away, but the noise echoed in my head, for a good six minutes afterwards.

Another different trip, same bottle, I was sitting on the ground in a doorway, and I huffed a good bit more than I had last time. When it kicked in, everywhere I glanced my head, I only had peripherial vision. All I saw was black where I couldn't see anything else. Then I had a vision of being on the beach with two other guys, and we were climbing a wall. And when I reached the top of the wall, I yelled, 'Come here, kitty' That's when I phased back in, and my friends had told me I had run after our pet cat screaming 'Come here, kitty' It was an intense ride.

The greatest part about Computer Duster is, it's cheap, and lasts awhile. Usually from $5.00 to $6.00 depending on your location.

The downside is, you have to let it warm up after every few huffs or else the Nitrous gas inside will freeze your lungs internally, says so right on the label, and I'm not one for caution, but I take that seriously