The stadium lights hit my eyes like a flashlight being shined straight at me. The voices of a thousand angry youth combined in my ear to create a sound as natural and ambient as the air itself. For the sake of my friends and peers I decided it would be a decent policy to stay clean for my school's fall homecoming game. Although I was told there would be alcohol at this social event, I wasn't expecting anything to happen. I was half right. There was no alcohol. Thank God. If there had been, I would be dead today, because what I found that night beat me senseless six ways from Sunday. If there had been alcohol, I would have fried.
     
I met up with various friends who I knew were going to be here. A few that I didn't. swimming through the crowd of parents and students, many of whom I probably knew on a subconscious level, my mind raced with a strange and indescribable anticipation. This deserves some explanation. Prior to this event I had been clean [from THC] for the past week or so. I made my way through the crowd and met up with a close friend of mine who had always been there to fuck me up when I needed. A loyal guy, a guy who I could always trust, I considered him my narcotic mentor. As he talked with his friends, a group of people I didn't know, I overheard something about "pods". At the time this meant nothing to me. But I watched a quick exchange between my friend and a girl he was talking to, and in a quick flash he passed something on to her, and she was off.
     "what's the deal?" I asked him.
     At first there was no response, but in an exchange much like that with the girl, he threw something down the breast pocket in my shirt and I played it cool. I stood there, my hands in my pockets, and gave an approving nod.
     "Thanks man"
     "That stuff's dangerous," he told me. "Don't take any more than maybe half at most. Too much will kill you. And it tastes like shit so make sure you've got some water or something."

At this point I had little to no clue what the fuck he had even given me. I glanced down. It was a plant of some kind. A pod. Cut in half. Inside I could see yellow-tan seeds glistening and shining at me in the stadium lights.  My best friend approached, observing the exchange between me and my supplier. He wasn't naïve. He already knew I smoked. Hell, he's seen me in a state more fucked up than anyone else has ever seen me in. More than that, he lit the bowl for me. But that's another story. Anyway, I told him the story. What a fucking dick I am. I acted as if I knew the story. Maybe I even thought I did. But I didn't. not really. Shit man, I didn't even know what this stuff was. It had no name as far as I was concerned. Never the less, my friend and I found a secluded place, away from the others, where the water fountain was. I shared a small portion with him. As for myself, I chewed up half the seeds in this thing, a hard bitter taste it was, too. I poured water down my throat until the taste was only a bitter-mild aftertaste. My friend did the same. 

Feeling nothing, and maybe fearing we'd been suckered in (a mistake which has gotten me into trouble many times before), we flew back and landed softly and subtly back on planet football.

Part 1.5: eating change

What we had ingested were the seeds from a plant known botanically as Datura stramonium, but commonly known as Jimson weed. I had been warned about the dangers of consuming too much, but that's to be expected from almost any drug. Naturally, I read later on that the seeds are the most toxic part of the plant. Common symptoms of poisoning include dry mouth, dilated pupils, high temperature, slurred speech, blurred vision, confusion, delirium, impaired coordination, rapid heart beat, and dry, flushed skin. Extreme cases can include seizures, cardiac arrest, and intense visual or auditory hallucinations. What about that last one, right? The thing about hallucinations? Don't people who eat this shit want hallucinations? 

The good news…if you can say such a thing about a plant like this…is that it is not a controlled substance and thus is legal. And while eating change, for example, is legal, that doesn't really make it safe. It definitely doesn't make it a good idea. I hate myself for giving my best friend something which I wasn't even sure about, and if I could take it back, I think I would spend the time I spent getting him high and use it to kick my own ass. 

Part 2: Fine, of course.

About a half hour of wandering about and I was only mildly beginning to feel the effects. I was lightheaded, a little dizzy…the way I would feel after smoking a joint. Buzzed, lifted, but nowhere near stoned. Mistake number one. I assumed the dose was too weak and decided to cough down the better part of the rest of those seeds. Suddenly, it hit me like a shotgun. I was now beginning to feel the impact of the first batch I took. Shit…I thought. Now it kicks in… In the blink of an eye I was soaring at a hundred miles per hour. I could feel an imaginary wind blowing through my hair, deafening me with sound of a harsh monsoon. The dirt below me began to stir. Thunder in the sky. Bugs flying all around me. Strange, luminescent bugs, leaving traces of their glows behind.
Fuck-me.
My hands began to shake uncontrollably. I grabbed a hold of a nearby fence, fearing I would blow away.
"Yo man, are you okay?" my friend asked. I told him I was. I mean, wasn't I? I could still communicate normally. I looked up at my friend. Suddenly his features seemed much more beast-like. His face covered with hair, his eyes turned a neon green. Of course, I wasn't going to tell him this. I would only sound like a fool. Or a liar. Or both. I knew I had to be dreaming it. So I acted as cool as I could and bared it out.
      
I thought it would be wise to move away, get some fresh air alone. So I did. I moved away from the crowd as quick as I could and got myself to a place where I could seclude myself somewhat. As I sat down alone, a few yards from the stadium and the crowd, I could see the air begin to boil. A very distinct fear rushed through me. The fear that this would never end. The fear that I might have to face the world while outnumbered against this drug. I suddenly had knowledge of my surroundings only on a completely subconscious level. Looking around I had no idea where I was, or who I was, or why I was here, or for that matter, why I was anywhere. I staggered back to my friends. I met up with my girlfriend at the time, and slumped down on to her from behind.
"Hey babe," she said in her casual, unexcited way.
"whath hooth a bibba," I said incoherently, and slobbered slightly on my shirt.
"What?" she asked.
       
I kind of laughed, as if I was making a joke. I figured it would be the only way to cover my tracks. This was fucked up. I thought of exactly what I was going to say, but when I spoke, only gooey syllables came out to stain my shirt. "what are you on?," she asked. She was only being sarcastic, of course, and had no knowledge that I was fubar and nowhere near the plane of recovery. I thought hard, and tried to think straight, and with complete determination I was able to actually speak.

"You're being silly", I remarked in a tone which was completely alien of me. "I'm only joking around, you know. Say, would you by any chance like to have sex with me right now?"  What?? Did I just say that? Did she just hear that? Am I even talking to anybody?? She turned, and looked at me as if I was on crack. I don't know a thing about crack, but it couldn't possibly be like this.
"are you okay?", she asked with a sort of annoyed concern.
"Fine of course."

But I wasn't fine. Looking down at her I suddenly could see through her clothes, straight through every layer, right down to her skin. It's a hallucination, I told myself. But it was so real. It's a fact that when you dream, you can put together bits and pieces of things you already knew to form a subconscious masterpiece of an illusion. But this was different. The contours of her body weren't like those of a porno queen or a supermodel. She was just a kid. And I'd never seen her naked, which made me wonder how I was conjuring up this completely dynamic and original visual. Could it be real? Could this insane hallucinogen be triggering strengths and powers I didn't know I had? Of course not. That was ridiculous. I turned her around so that she was facing forward, me directly behind her, and as I pulled her close to me I discovered something I hadn't even realized.

"Whoa!", my girlfriend squealed. "You're as hard as a rock!" I was? Was I? There had been an awful lot of sexual hallucination going on. Maybe I was. And then she did something that, being heavily under the influence of a powerful drug, kind of scared me, and triggered a hallucinogenic frenzy. Her hand went down my pants and she began to stroke me off, right there. In a split second I saw before my eyes flashbacks of every bit of pornography I had ever seen and every sexual experience I had gone through, and I felt a rush through my body, like an internal orgasm. Unfortunately, on the outside I showed no signs that I was feeling any of this ecstasy. In fact, from every one else's point of view, I was nothing but a vegetable, bloodshot and sweaty and glazed over. In the back of my brain I feared that I was giving my girlfriend the wrong idea. "What's wrong?" she asked. I was right. She was jerking me off and I was standing there, appearing bored and uninterested. If only she knew what I was seeing.

Scratch that. If she knew what I was seeing, she would have dumped me right then and there.
"Muffin" I said, and actually covered my mouth with my hand.
"what??"
"Listen, I'm fine, don't even worry about me. I think I'm just a little tired. I'm gonna go find _____* but I'll be back."

*My best friend, a fellow whose name I have omitted from this writing

I continued to walk through the crowd of ever-changing beasts. As I walked, it felt as if I were being shot down a roller coaster at somewhere around a million miles per hour. I met up with my friend, and told him that we needed to sit down for a second. A grave understatement. We found our way to bench near the bleachers and I zoned slightly for a few minutes. I tried my best to act cool, calm and collected; something I was great at when it came to weed but this new thing made me nervous. I kept my visions to myself so as not to worry anybody. I vaguely recall eating some nachos of which the origin was unknown to me. And with that in my stomach, my friend and I traveled back into reality.
      
The night continued like this for quite sometime. Around 10 or 11 my girlfriend and I headed to a dance in a courtyard opposite of the stadium. It was then that my behavior, as well as my hallucinations peaked. She asked me if I had taken anything. I told her I hadn't. of course, that weekend she found out and freaked and was bitter for a day or so. I didn't care. Drugs teach me to filter out and eliminate the common tendency to worry about unimportant shit. When I finally got home it was close to 1 in the morning. The house was abandoned and empty. My walls glistened, my mirror melted, there were shady figures sitting perched in the corner, all kinds of nasty things. I was much more nervous in my own home when I was like this. Now I was alone. There was no one to save me, and everywhere I went, things were speaking to me and staring at me and trying to break me. I staggered into the living room, and sat down on the couch, completely exhausted. I closed my eyes, and tried to free myself. 
      
Oh fucking no! I thought, as my eyes burst open. I darted off the couch as fast as humanly possible. So fast that I seemed to levitate into the air, before coming back down and slamming on to the tile below. I glared at the couch angrily.
"I don't fucking think so!" I shouted, quite loudly. 
I ran through the house, locking all the doors, shutting all the blinds, trying to encase myself completely. I ran back to the living room. Had to check on the couch. Delirious tears ran from my eyes, as I panted heavily, out of breath, and out of any kind of energy. I fixed my eyes on the green leather beast.
"Stay."
I moped back to my room, and put on side b of the Beastie Boys' Check Your Head.
      
As the warm, drowning, overdriven bass of "Gratitude" fueled my closed-eye visuals, I began to fall into a deep, comforting sleep I hoped would last forever. It was only 20 minutes later when the phone rang. A paranoid disorientation threw me out of bed and against the wall. I fell to the ground, and curled up into a ball in the corner, much like the figures I had seen as I walked in.      That's it…they're me… they don't mean harm… they're only afraid. Afraid like me.     The answering machine picked up. After the beep, I heard the voice of another friend of mine. A guy down the street from me.

"_____ are you there??? If you're there pick up, I know you're awake, pick up"
Up and atom I thought. I reached clumsily for the portable phone.
"Yeah, I'm here," I spoke. 
"hey there's a party at my friend's house about a block away. I wanted to let you know about and see if you wanted to go."
"How are you gonna get out of the house?" I asked.
"It won't be a big deal. If I move quietly my parents won't hear."

I thought about it for a moment. I was about ready to yell at him for disturbing my drug slumber, but I realized that if I skipped this I would whine about it until the next opportunity came up. I would only wake up with that unfulfilled depression. I couldn't have that. "Okay, let's go" I said. "just wait outside your house for me, I'll be right there." 
       
I bid him adieu and stood up. The house was still breathing. I grabbed my tan baseball cap, my always close companion, and headed for the door. reaching for the doorknob I thought of something. Something I never realized before. Until the sun went down I had possession of a drug. Until the sun comes up the drug will have possession of me.

         
    
     
     

An extra note: I couldn't find a way to just send a simple e-mail but my drug experiences are directly related to my desire to inform others about what has happened to me. i know this is written more like a novel than a report (i'm sure you'd prefer just a simple report) but look this over, i'd like nothing more in the world than to share my experiences with much larger groups of people, and if at all possible, i'd like to become a registered author with erowid. i know that's a lot to ask, but it's my dream.at this time i don't have an email address that i feel comfortable having recorded on file, but if this is in any way possible, please, help me ut.  anyway, my goal is to share information and i suppose by submitting this i've done that. Thank you.