This is about My First Time with 5-MeO-DMT, and also what i observed with several of my friends 1st times.

I recived a few hundred MG of 5-MeO-DMT the other day. I was quite excited to try it, so much so that I couldn't wait for a friend to come over to sit for me.. its much safer to have someone around, but I think it was better that I was alone for this experience.

I sat around and mentally preped myself while packing the pipe with an unknown amount (I have a scale that can only measure about 100mg, so I took that and split it up into 5 piles, and picked what I thought was the smallest pile).

Then I put on Caribou by the Pixies (part of my mental prep was telling myself that today was the day I was gonna die, I was gonna repent my human body and be reborn) lied down and got comfortable. I was so nervous my hands were shaking as I put the pipe to my lips... I breathed slowly till I regained control of myself... then sparked the lighter... the 5-MeO-DMT melted then vaporized... I began to inhale... GOD.. the smoke was SO HARSH... I kept inhaling till I had a lung full... I wondered if I took enough.. it seemed that there was still some residue left in the pipe, I was considering taking another hit, but it was too late... as soon as that thought crossed my mind.. I noticed everything was gettin funky... FAST... as I was putting the pipe down, the visual distortions were washing away reality faster than I could adjust, I could barely see the smoke as I exhaled..

From that point I have a hard time remembering what happened my eyes were open I think, but I couldnt see anything..

Then, the fear hit me, like a mack truck.... 'WHAT THE HELL IS THIS!!!' my brain screamed!!! Then the little voice in the back of my head said 'Smile' I dont know if I was physically smiling, but it worked... as soon as I started to smile, the fear washed away, I knew that if I was smiling that it couldnt be a bad thing, and I was fine.. it was a beautiful thing!!! THATS IT! 5-MeO-DMT IS A BEAUTIFUL THING!!! all that fear and panic turned into its absolute opposite!!! IT WAS SHEER Ecstasy!!!!! and at that point I regained control of my speech center and I lept out of my bed Screaming 'HOLY SHIT!' 'HOLY FUCKING SHIT!' I kept cursing like that for a minute or 2... I didn't know what else to say! I noticed that I was still tripping hard, so I layed back down.. and slowly all the pieces of my humanity came back to me, first my breathing.

I felt so alien, my own breath, I sat there amazed by the process, 
then Touch came back! Ahhh my skin! It was so wonderful, I stripped out of whatever clothes I had on, and writhed around my bed in pleasure... feeling the sheets, touching my walls.. it was amazing.... sexuality and ego returned shortly after... 

All in all it was an AMAZING clenzing process... My death rebirth was everything I wanted it to be. And I plan to have one regularly once every month or so.

The same day I gave 5-MeO-DMT to several of my friends (all first timers). They all had similar, but different experiences. Its fun to watch them when they go under... They dont respond to any stimuli, and the eyes.. Their eyes and faces still show expression. The friends that had good trips always had calm expressions on their faces.. smiles! But the ones that had tough times showed it through their expressions, you could see them struggling with the drug, trying to fight it...

If there is any advice I can give, its to let the drug win.. Don't fight it.. cuz your gonna lose... 5-MeO-DMT is a Tsunami. It will wash you away no matter WHAT you do.... 'hang on to your ego' hhehe not with 5-MeO-DMT.... It ain't gonna work, just let it take you away.. And remember to Smile!!  Happy thoughts will carry you through it.. Smiling will make all those dark scary corners of your mind friendly and amazing.. 

(and just for the record, the 3 most commonly uttered words upon re-entry were 'Holy' 'Fucking' 'Shit')