A little background on myself first... I am a 6'2' and 230 lbs, so I'm a relatively big guy. I am a somewhat experienced drug user. I've smoked pot for several years, used lsd, lsa, psilocybin mushrooms, mescaline, amphetamines, and even sampled the finest in Amsterdam... So now, here's my first experience with what soon became a favorite of mine, Hydrocodone.

The first time I tried hydrocodone I was cosmic bowling with some friends. A fun setting, although I was afraid I may become a bit reclusive once it started to take effect. A friend (who isn't nearly as experienced with drugs as I am...) and I took 10mg each. 30 minutes into it I feel good. Nothing strong, though. Just a very mild euphoria. My friend agrees. We both took another 10mg at 45 mins. About an hour later I am feeling great. Rather than being a recluse, I actually was somewhat energetic. Bowled my best game in a long time... 160 (generally I have a hard time breaking 80 or so... I'm quite bad.) We made our way to a pool hall. I was feeling an incredibly good body high. One of the best I've ever had. My whole body just felt like jelly. My friend reported similar effects, although he thought he was feeling them much stronger than I was.

I decided to take another 10mg two hours after the initial 10gm, my friend didn't as he was already feeling quite good. About 45 minutes later we were driving home and I was sweating furiously. I had about the best body high I can ever remember, it was euphoria at it's best. When I arrived home, one of my friends had to come in and get some money I owed him (I had forgotten my wallet that night...) which proved to be a struggle as I was feeling so good that I just wanted to lay down and enjoy the high, not be pestered with finances. Once I finally made it to my bed, about 3 hours after the first, I was still feeling it quite strong, although I was definitely starting to come down. I laid in bed for about another hour feeling incredibly good, the come down was surprisingly gradual, and eventually I drifted off into a very pleasant sleep.

The next morning I did have a bit of a headache (although I have very bad sinuses and get migraines often), but it was nothing a few puffs of gonja couldn't take care of. Since then (about a year ago) I've used hydrocodone quite a few times (once when I pulled a muscle in my back, the pain killing effects are amazing... eat yer heart out tylonal) and I've always had very pleasant experiences. I highly recommend it to all responsible drug users out there.

-TUC

5/2001