I had aquired a sample of 2C-T-7 (legally), and decided to give it a try at a local 'retro techno' event. I've had some experience with other '2c-XY'-type substances, which were almost all quite positive, light-headed, trippy, and emotionally rewarding. So I was definitely expecting something similar with 2c-t-7.

At 8pm I took three pills of 10 mg, because I knew the stuff was supposed to be quite long-acting, and also because I wanted to get over nausea and other side-effects (i.e. puking) before entering the party. A few minutes later a couple of friends arrived, and we sat together and talked until the time for the party arrived. My friends were not taking 2c-t-7, but rather the 'usual' party drugs.

We decided to leave early, because the place was going to be crowded. During the drive, at about 10:30pm, I noticed the first effects of the drug: Slightly enhanced vision of colors, and a certain feeling of alertness.

At about 11pm we entered the club. My timing seemed to be alright, shortly afterward the effects of the 2C-T-7 kicked in strongly. To my surprise, it was not at all like 2-c-t-2 or 2c-b. No 'trippy' feeling, rather a hard and hot body rush. If I have to compare, it was feeling quite like a high dose of MDA. Not too bad, though, at this time. Some more friends arrived, and we danced to some old-time tunes we haven't heard for years (it was a retro-style party). Everybody was in good spirits, we enjoyed being together, chatted, danced... The next couple of hours (I estimate: until 2:00 or 3:00am) I was feeling great, full of energy, like on a lot of MDMA, maybe mixed with some MDA. As I was expecting a more 'trip-like' experience, I felt a bit disappointed, but told myself 'the party is great, so what' and let go.

Later the positive energy faded away, and things became less enjoyable. The 2c-t-7 was pushing like crazy, and my head felt like burning - way too much heat and body energy. The MDMA-like euphoria vanished and it became a cold, hard, edgy ride, very much like on MDA. I had some closed-eye visuals, but nothing very impressive. 

I was feeling a little overheated, so I went out and smoked a spliff with two of my friends. The weed lifted me up, and things became a bit more 'trippy' afterwards. 

The 2c-t-7 rush continued whithout mercy. Six hours into it, and still no sign of a comedown. Still waaay to much heat. My body felt exhausted and tingly, and a barely walk around any more, let alone dance. Imagine the first phase of a strong MDA trip, just going on and going on and going on...meanwhile I could not even enjoy the music any more, I was just hoping the trip would stop. I wondered whether I had overdosed a little.

Well, I had to wait for quite a time. At 6:30am, things were becoming a little easier, body heat and tesion diminished a bit, and I felt better again. An hour later we left the club, and decided to get home. Meanwhile, the trip was more or less over, and I volonteered for driving - I was still in a better condition to drive than some of the other guys :)  

Finally, everybody went home, and I took a shower and crept into my bed. The clock read 10am, 14h after I took the 30mg. I was still feeling slight effects, but fell asleep soon nevertheless. I woke up 3 hours later, and spent the rest of the day lazy. Aftereffects weren't too bad. Now, another day later, I'm back to the office. Still feeling quite tired and almost unable fo think clearly. Thank god nobody to meet, just some excel work :)

Conclusion: I will almost certainly not take 2c-t-7 again. Really nothing for me. If you like MDA, it might be your kind of drug though. For my part, I prefer 2c-t-2. Interestingly, a lot of people report quite different experiences with 2c-t-7. Maybe there are individually different responses due to genetically determined factors? Slightly different receptor molecules?

My advice: If you really want to try 2c-t-7, don't take more than 30 mg. And for heaven's sake - don't mix it with MDMA or something like that. I had so much problems with heat and body cramps on 2c-t-7 alone - it really might become dangerous if you add the MDMA effects.