This was my first experience with the exotic chemical, 2C-I.  I am by no means a psychedelic newbie; with numerous LSD, LSA, 5-MeO-DiPT, DiPT, MDMA, MDE, MDEA, MDA, Ketamine, 2C-T-7, Salvia, Psilocybin Mushroom trips under my belt.  I am however a bit of a phenethylamine newbie, only experiencing 2C-T-7 several times, experiencing MDMA (and other analogs) many times (but I don't really consider MDMA psychedelic like with the others listed above).  I don't really like MDMA that much at all, it just seems like forced happiness, with a depressing crash at the end.  Anyhow, I was excited to try this new compound that has been highly regarded by other psychonauts.

I don't like to insufflate research chemicals or anything for that matter.  However, when I did 2C-T-7, I didn't like the oral buzz as much, it felt less intense, had more of a body load.  I felt I would get more out of the compound and it would be easier to do a little bit of a time, then gauge whether I would need more.

T+0:00-  It was around 7:30 PM in a North Phoenix apartment, where three individuals were gathered this including your humble narrarator.  1 of the other 2 indivduals decided to partake in the experiment.  8mg was carefully weighed and divided into two separate piles.  Each of these piles was divided into 10 separate little bumps (all around .4 mg each.)  Each .4mg was insufflated every 5 minutes for the next 30 minutes by myself and my comrade.  By the end, it was apparent no more would be needed.  Even doing those little tiny bumps were extremely painful, I think i will take this orally next time.

T+0:30-  Hello, 2C-I and welcome to my body and mind.  A strange body buzz was felt and euphoric feelings were apparent.  It was a feeling reminiscent of MDA, but a cleaner feeling.  At this point, the visuals were making themselves obviously apparent.  Getting a little shaky, nothing to unlike other psychedelic beginning stages.

T+1:00-The experience is definitely still building.  The letters on TV are bending, getting fat then thin, and kinda look like they are dancing.  The otherwise boring carpet (that is just creme colored) has started this crazy patterning, kind of snowflake like.  The pattern twists and turns-parts of the carpet seem to stick up in the air, while others seem lower than normal.  When looking at the stucco ceiling, the same effect is happening there and all the walls.  I keep shuddering and feeling this tingling sensation in the back of head, going through my neck into the top of my spine (seratonin release?)

T+1:30-  Some high grade sinse cooked up in the vaporizer.  Took two hits and this knocked my trip up a couple notches.  

T+1:45-  This stuff is really impressive. I like it better than any of the research chemicals I have tried.  Its got a nice clean feeling, my mind is really clear, and I don't have the tryptamine 'psychosis' that psilocybin or LSD gives me.  My tripping buddy is blown away by the visuals.  The visuals aren't anywhere as good as 2C-T-7, but what is?  The lack of nausea, body load, and just overall 'evil' feeling make this compound better in my mind than 2C-T-7.  I feel moderately social right now, unlike tryptamines where I hate being around people who aren't tripping too. I also never felt confused of where I was or what i was doing.  I hate when that happens.  I don't like losing control.

T+3:00-  Still going strong.  More vaporizer hits, visual activity increased.  Colorful trails and tracers can be seen.  Lots of spectrum halos over the lights.  I really like these visuals, they seem to make everything shift and bend alot.  Really different from tryptamines.

T+5:30-  Things are slowing down fast.  But, then seem to go down gradually over the next two hours.  More vaporizer hits and things kick back a little higher.

T-6:30-  Fall asleep easily.  Could have been aided by the cannabis or the Red Stripes.

Overall:  I was really impressed with this compound.  It was a nice clean high, didn't make me feel weird.  My friend liked it a lot too.  I had a little stomach discomfort, but nothing that hurt my experience, could have been from the beer.  Marijauna fixed this nicely. The visuals were spectacular.  I want to try it orally, but will be worried that the visuals or body high won't be as plentiful.  I hate snorting it tho, it hurts so bad, I don't recomend it.  Unfortunately, I didn't really learn much from the trip, I didn't gain much.  I don't think this has a lot of potential for reprogramming or whatever.  However, I swallowed some smoke from a cigarette and almost threw up, and I haven't smoked a cigarette since (4 days ago).  This is more of recreational high to me, not really one to have a revelation.  I slept for only four hours and woke up feeling fine.  Surprisingly, I should have been hungover from the Red Stripes.  I liked this better than LSA, Mushrooms, 5-MeO-DiPT, DiPT, 2C-T-7, MDMA, MDA, etc.   LSD is still always my favorite for the insane laughter, which nothing else gives me unfortunately.  I really like 2C-I and will definately try it again in the future, most likely by the oral route of administration.