Summary:

1. Extreme side effects of citalopram described (see your doctor if these apply)
2. Eventual diagnosis of anaemia (this might cause some symptoms)
3. Concern that citalopram is inappropriate for persons with family history of bipolar disorder/mania.
4. Personal experience of tryptophan supplements as helpful natural remedy for depression.

Earlier this year I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety by my doctor.  A number of stressful events were happening in my life, and I was feeling very exhausted but unable to sleep, apathetic, nauseous, anxious and tearful.  I went to see my doctor because I wanted sleeping pills, but she recommended I also take the antidepressent Citalopram (20mg per day).  She also gave me some valium to take in the first week, 'in case of side effects'.

On the first day of taking Citalopram, I found I was extremely sedated and apathetic in the morning and afternoon, but by the evening I was verging on manic (ended up writing nonsense until 4am).  It took hours to get to sleep that night, even with the sleeping pills, but was then hard to wake up.

The next day I felt extremely nauseous, I was sweating so much water was running off me, I was shaking so much I couldn't roll a cigarette, and I felt so paranoid and anxious I couldn't leave the house.  I felt like wet bugs were crawling over my skin, and my jaw was very tight.  I also found I couldn't stay still, and would have to pace around even when trying to watch TV.  By lunchtime I was in paroxysms of misery, and became genuinely suicidal and self-harmed for the first time in my depression.  I then started to hallucinate, and thought I was seeing birds and rats everywhere.  By the late afternoon the misery had passed somewhat, and I became manic again.  I went to see my friend, and couldn't stop laughing or sit still for several hours.  Again, I couldn't sleep that night.  I was taking valium (probably 6x2mg doses in a day), but it had no effects.

The next day I took only half the dose, but the effects continued exactly as the previous day.  My friend suggested I try drinking, which helped the mania somewhat and potentiated the valium, but I was still suffering extreme physical reactions, depression and anxiety.

In total this went on for 10 days, as I kept thinking the effects would eventually wear off.  I believe I was actually psychotic at points, and in real danger of suicide had my friends not helped.

In the end, the counsellor I was seeing was so worried within minutes of seeing me (because my face was so tight and I was sweating, shaking and moving so much) he asked me to go and see my GP immediately, that very day.  There is also a history of bipolar disorder in my family (although I have never shown any symptoms before), and I was concerned it was triggering it in me.  My GP took me off the drug, and tried to prescribe me more valium at a higher dose, and tricyclics.  By this point I was so terrified by the whole experience I declined.

Later that week I was diagnosed with anaemia, which may have caused a lot of the problems all along.  I also started taking 5HTP (Tryptophan supplement) and have found that a combination of this and vitamin and mineral supplements have left me on a much more calm and even keel.  Within 2 weeks of iron and tryptophan I felt better than I had done all year.

Afterwards, I spoke to 3 other people I knew had taken citalopram and found that all of them had had similar and terrifying experiences (especially the sweating, suicidality and psychosis).  Interestingly, all 3 also have bipolar family members.

I would suggest extreme caution in taking citalopram if you have a family history of bipolar, maybe start on a lower dose.  The side effects I experienced were quite extreme, and potentially dangerous, I wish I had gone back to my doctor earlier.  I have found tryptophan an excellent remedy for mild depression, and there is plenty of (placebo controlled, double blind) evidence out there that it can work better and quicker than conventional anti-depressents.  (It also helps with comedowns :) )