My first experience with ambien must have been in the winter of 98, just after I convinced my physician that I was a chronic insomniac.  (I am, but I've no desire to fix it.  Some fixes, however, would be nice.)  They kept telling me that it had 'less potential for abuse and dependence than benzodiazepines', did a good job of talking it down.  They convinced me it was useless, I was fairly disappointed, but of course, I tried it anyhow.

I had 10 mg tablets, (white ones, the red are 5 mgs) and I took one at about 5:30 PM on an empty stomach.  I felt the first effects 10-15 minutes later. 

It was very subtle at first, just irregular thought patterns.  You don't really notice them until the stuff you're thinking is really out there.  When you do it's very amusing.  That's about when I decided to take a walk.  On standing up I felt the first wave of warm, soft euphoria.  I felt light and disinhibited.  My motor skills weren't noticably impaired.  For about an hour I walked around the streets of my town, marveling at things mundane and enjoying the eccentricities of the brain I seemed to have borrowed from a lunatic for the evening.  It lasted about 2 hours from the first manifestations.  After that everything was normal for the most part.  I didn't feel the need to sleep that night.  I read, thought and wrote until the morning.  I was very lucid.

Ambien is one of the best drugs I've ever used.  It pains me to see it go COMPLETELY UNAPPRECIATED BY EVERYBODY, especially when physicians and psychiatrists keep dishes of it on their desks.  I've been using it ever since, and I have a good idea of the best way to enjoy it.  Firstly, I find that if I take it with any amount of caffeine i don't feel any of the pleasant effects and I just act disgracefully.  No fun at all.  Also, there is some amnesia associated with ambien, and I find that if I take more than 2 of them (20 mg) I won't have any idea of what went on while I was high.  I have taken some fairly stupid doses, (50 mg., perhaps more,  I don't remember) and while this made me lose all control of my skeletal muscles and made all my friends think I was ODing, it seemed to cause only neglegible respiratory and cardiac depression.  I wouldn't recommend it to frequent smokers, smoking a cigarrete while under the influence of ambien will make you get some really cool (not unpleasant like being drunk) double vision and disorientation, but you sober right up in the amount of time it takes for the niccotine to wear off.

This is a very weird drug, and one of my favorite things to do with it is to have two people take weight equivalent doses simultaneousely, then just talk and wait for the cerebral wierdness to start screwing with our conversations.