DISCUSSION ABOUT DEALING WITH PARENTS, WHO DISCOVERED HIM AND TOOK HIM TO THE HOSPITAL, AND ALSO COMMENT ON BEING ON WELLBUTRIN.

<!--1 8oz bottle of max strength cough tussin-->
My friend and I had some DXM experiences before but with much lower doses like 3 oz, which didnt fuck me up too badly. I was on Wellbutrin at the time and I think it lengthened the trip because I was buzzing the next morning.

We went to the drug store at about noon and picked up 2 8oz bottles (one for each of us). We came back to his house and started ingesting it by mixing an ounce with a large glass of mountain dew and drank that. 45 Minutes later, we couldn't taste so we started taking it straight from the bottle. I had little more than half the bottle, he just said 'fuck it' and drank the rest. The effects were setting in fast and we felt extremely active and thought we should take a small bike ride. It was 2:00. So we were off into other subdivisions, it seemed like an eternity and we got lost. We finally found our way out and continued heading in the opposite direction of our houses (he lives next door to me). We got to the end of the road and I got my bottle out and tried to get thee cap off but it was a struggle. I chugged it really fast and I didn't know it. It seemed like an hour later (5 minutes) and I felt the urge to vomit. I vomited all over the dirt road. I didn't really notice it that much and it didn't bother me at all. I remember it being a very pretty color of red shining in the sunlight on the contrasting brown dirt. When I was done, I felt really disoriented and I couldn't think at all. This passed in a few minutes. I was supposedly sweating alot but that really didn't bother me at all either. I wanted to continue down the road but my friend suprisedly wanted to turn back (I think he was getting freaked) so we started back. He vomited also and people were looking at us the whole time. We must have looked pretty messed up to a 'normal' person. 

At this point, sound was plasticy and fake but it was cool. It looked to me like my real brain was trapped in the top corner of my head, looking outward at our extremely bright surroundings that seemed to be bent or distorted in a certain way. The whole time I was alone with my friend, I thought everything was really wierd or alien. I think I heard a quiet high pitched wail or moan or something like that, but I think that was the noise of the cars going by. We barely talked (or so we thought) and I felt alone. I had no emotions (that's a good thing for me) and I felt like a robot. Certain everyday actions (such as watering the grass) seemed like the dumbest thing we've ever seen. 

We got back to his house and it was really dark in there and nobody was home (we had planned this). It was at least 3:00 By now. We went to his room and turned on his stereo. The bass was the only thing I noticed (or remembered). It seemed to pulsate slowly and unevenly. It was definitely not as loud as it usually is. We layed on his bed for a while. My friend started to have closed eye experiences (I think he was fighting michael jordan for a gold necklace) I kept on telling him to get up but he was stubborn. (As soon as he hits the couch he will sit there for hours when he's sober) I finally got him up and he headed straight for the toilet. It seemed like he was vomiting for an hour straight. Every five seconds I asked him if he was done. He replied every time except when he had vomit in his mouth, in a very calm smooth voice. We then headed downstairs, where he vomited in the toilet once more. By this time I was getting impatient with him so I found my way to the kitchen table to find something to drink. He came out of the bathroom and poured us each a glass of pepsi and then he went and sat on the couch to watch TV. I took a sip of my pop and I didn't feel it in my mouth. I sat on the couch for a while. The things on TV looked completely 3d and would have looked real if it wasnt for the lines in the TV. Then someone knocked on the door. My friend went up and got the door and I slowly robowalked to it also. This someone turned out to be my mom. (She saw us and thought we were drinking) she told me to come home for dinner, and I did without any fear or reluctance. I almost tripped a few times on the grass. I got to my house and I sat down on the couch. My mom wiped off the corner of my mouth (still some vomit) and put a washcloth on my head and made me drink a whole bunch of water. By now they knew I was stoned but they thought it was weed or something. My dad proceeded to question me about what I did. My response was:'Nothing' or 'I'm okay'. I told him what we did but lied about the amount and then my mom brought my friend over. They asked him the same questions in the other room and I started cracking my ass up. He also at first said nothing and then lied about the amount. Then he got the bottle out of the garbage and they saw how much we did (comparing it to a normal teaspoon dose) and they kinda were a little more freaked. My mom called poison control and they told her basically that I would maybe die if I didn't go to the hospital. I kept on trying to convince my parents that I was alright. We both went to the hospital and they took us in separate rooms and they talked to us and said that we could have had liver damage or we could have bleeded out of our cavities. They scared the hell out of my mom by saying that some kids don't make it (they treated the cough syrup like it was the cough cold and flu stuff just to discourage me and worry my mom). The nurse said it was too late to pump our stomachs or charcoal them (thank god). They let my friend go but they made me stay until my heart rate went down. They also took an ekg and made me drink 6 bottles of unflavored pedialite. Yes it is very icky. Visual distortions increased because I was sleepy. They didn't let me close my eyes because they again treated it like it was the cough, cold, flu stuff and it wouldnt look good on their record if they let a kid sleep and he went into a coma. I had to go to the bathroom so I went. The hospital was bright as hell. On my way back to my room I got lost because all of the rooms looked the same and it was too bright to see. The wall started moving and my mom's face looked very strange. People that were far away were in 2d and they looked like cardboard cutouts that could move. They finally let me go. 

The next day I was still buzzing substantially and I was talking wierd but I felt really good. My mom took me shopping and I was interested in everything I saw. My parents never punished me for this incident. For a week later, I felt like I was on top of the world. I felt much more spiritually developed and I wanted to be healthy and drink a lot of water. I also was motivated to run and exercise. This all went on until school started, then I felt back to my normal messed up shy self. 

I've learned a lesson or two from all of this- do not do DXM 2 days in a row because of wierd side effects, do not put your body under stress when your on any dissociative, and make sure youre in a spot where your parents or anyone that you don't want to know about this can visit unexpectedly. For one you don't want them to worry, and most of all you don't want them to fuck up your trip. Also you could worry about them catching you and this can lead to a bad trip. I think I should be allowed to do it once a month to relieve built up stress but my parents still think it will kill me. All in all I liked the experience. I would recomend DXM and I would do it again. But next time I want to hallucinate too! This experience has made me more mature and it taught me how to best deal with my parents. Its amazing how society has created a war against such useful tools that unlock parts of yourself and helps you discover who you are on the inside without the barriers of normal consciousness.