I had went over my friend M's house to pick up some weed for my wife. I don't smoke pot myself, the stuff makes me paranoid and irritable. I stick with opiates. So I hung out with him for a bit and traded him some fiorocets for a small bit of pot. Fiorocets are barbiturates, similar in effect to xanax and valium. 

Then this chick stops by and M buys a few suboxone pills off of her. He breaks one in half and hands one half of the orange, octagonal tablet to me. I crush it on his coffee table with my thumb. They're very soft pills, you don't need any tools to crush them with. I separate the large orange pile of powder into two even piles with a credit card and snort approximately one fourth of the pill. I have taken them sublingually before (under my tongue), which is how they're designed to be taken. But it takes an insane amount of time to kick in. About an hour for me. Then another hour before it peaks. But snorting it is a much better way of taking the pill in my opinion. It kicks in within ten minutes and hits me all at once, rather than the gradual high that I get with taking it sublingually.

For this reason, that it kicks in all at once, I only snort half of what my regular dose is. I would normally stick half a pill beneath my tongue, so I only snort a quarter of a pill initially. I find that the high is MUCH stronger when I snort the pills, much more intense. I'll probably never take it sublingually again.

As for the effects, I find that it lacks the sense of euphoria and well-being that comes with other opiates, like oxycodone and hydrocodone. If all I have is suboxone, then I'll happily take it, but I prefer the other meds I listed. I'm on the suboxone right now and am having EXTREME difficulty typing all of this. My hand-eye coordination is terrible. I can just barely focus my eyes on anything whatsoever. They want to just do their own thing and not stay focused. I could not drive after having snorted suboxone. It's not like other opiates, where I'm pretty much still in perfect control as far as attention and coordination goes. In fact, I'm now wishing I only snorted an eighth of a pill.

I'm barely keeping awake and am getting paranoid that I took too much. I keep nodding off. To conclude, be very careful snorting this medicine. Suboxone is very strong to begin with and snorting it is twice as strong. I think I only took two milligrms of this stuff and I'm completely wasted. Use caution.