The other night I found my father's sleeping pills that he uses on an occasional basis when he travels. The brand name is 'Immovane' (this is in Australia) and the active chemical is Zopiclone. These tablets were 7.5 mg (zopiclone) each. I had previously taken 2 and a half tablets (22.5 mg) and found the effects to be quite pleasant. The recommended dose is 7.5 mg/per night. The first time they were taken with some weed and a few beers. The other night, however, I decided to take a considerably higher dose than previously. My girlfriend Rachel came around at about 5:30 pm and we decided to watch some movies. I had already found the supply of tablets and had no marijuana or alcohol, so I figured it was probably worth it.

My last *clear* memory of the next 36 hours was taking these nine tablets while Rachel was in the lounge. Nine tablets equals 67.5 mg of Zopiclone, the consumption of which I admit sounds somewhat compulsive and without forethought. However,I had already checked out that the fatal dose of this chemical was 340mg, so I felt pretty safe considering my relatively low dose.

My memory is VERY hazy from here on in. All I remember is snapping a comb in anger (apparently I went a bit silly when my parents found the empty packet, and I was defending my position on drug abuse - very smooth!), and talking to my girlfriend at 2:00 am who had apparently been driven home by my angry parents earlier. Geez it's a good thing I didn't attempt to operate a car...........! My parents told me I was talking to my Rachel and I described the Zopiclone induced sensation as: 'I feel like my head is gonna explode' I don't remember this.

The next morning I must have mellowed a bit, although my memory of this time is dull and fragmented. All I know is that I decided to go for a ride on my mountain bike and ended up riding down 2 really steep slopes that would have usually scared the crap out of me, and I bailed 3 times. Up until about 11:00 pm that night (when i went to sleep) my recolection of this time is hazy.

All i can say to anyone who is thinking of abusing sleeping pills is this: don't do them in front of someone who is gonna hate and not understand it (my girlfriend), and don't do it if your parents are gonna suss it (hard to mask). Oh, and I also confessed everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, about my drug use to my dad who filmed it, and I don't even remember a bit of it. I don't ever wanna see the footage! Also, in case it is of interest, I was on 60mg of Paroxetine (an SSRI) at the time.

I wonder what 150mg of Zoipiclone would do..................