We all went to a friends house for the weekend. A bunch of ex smokers, tokers, and trippers. We had all joined the navy for different reasons but in doing so we could never again be hard core druggies. Whatever, that's what nitrous is for. It was my first time and I was apprehensive. We started in the head shop and I was kinda scared at first. But then I remembered that I had done it before, at the doctors office when I was like 15 or something. So that made everything ok. So we bought 2 cases of the stuff. Restaurant grade whippets. I remember thinking 'wow we'll never do all that stuff'. Boy was I wrong, we left in the van and everyone was happy. They couldn't wait to see me do it cause it was my first time. 

'Ok so like normal people do it one way but this is how we do it', explained Dave. 'Suck the balloon for all its worth. Then hold it in. Then blow it out. But instead of taking a breath of air suck form the balloon again. Do this 4 times and you'll be ok'. Yea right I'm thinking, ok for what the morgue. But I did it anyways and soon realized that man needed nothing in life except for a balloon, a cracker ' a little cylindrical metal thing that cracks or opens the whippets' and a whippet. Ahh I was in heaven. I inhaled that first time and had only a mild experience. No the real fun didn't happen till we got back to the pad. 

I take the balloon, which has about 3 whippets in it. I suck in a big breath and hold it. At this point I'm not feeling anything, then I let the breath out. Ok time for inhale number 2. Instead of taking fresh air I suck again for all I'm worth from the balloon. Ok now I'm starting to feel numb. Everything looks kinda funny, whew. This is strange, I feel like I could possibly hold my breath a little longer. Ahhhh exhale, time for big fat hit number 3. Wooooosh, into my lungs it goes. Wow this feels kinda good, I'm getting real numb and things are getting kinda darker. Tunnel vision maybe. At this point I'm thinking. ' wow maybe I can hold this one 'breath' in for a long time. Wow a really long time, hmm wait wait, I don't think I even have to exhale this one. No hmmm, I don't feel the need for oxygen, wow this is great, its like breathing underwater. Woohooo. Ok ok, I better let this breath out or my lips might turn purple'. 

Ahhhhhh, exhale, during that time I was getting the 'waa waa's' the last thing I heard is being replayed in my head very fast. Over and over. Its like my head is in an echo chamber. Ok  so now I lay down, This is where it gets strange, I lay down and suddenly it all goes black, I'm no longer lying on fuzzy carpet in a warm house in Virginia, noooo now I'm on a San Francisco street corner, this is a crazy day dream, my eyes are closed and I'm dreaming, its all so vivid, I hear voices too. Two chinese ladies are walking down the street talking. I can hear them, but I have no sense of me being there. Like watching a movie, well this lasts about 15 seconds. And then I start to 'come to'. My eyes open and it feels like everyone is looking at me. I struggle to lift my head and it takes a moment. Like pulling my head off the floor from a puddle of thick glue. 

Ahh I'm in love. I love this stuff I'm thinking. The next trip I had was similar but instead of  street corner in San Fran, its the mountain scene of 'the sound of music' complete with music and some vague blond chick.
Well, in retrospect I was like a kid turned loose with a BB gun. I didn't know what to do with myself. That weekend I bought a total of like 5 cases and we just spent the whole weekend sucking laughing gas and drinking beer. What a fun weekend. I haven't done laughing gas since and I probably won't. It wasn't addictive but it was like hippie crack. If it was around its going to be gone real soon. I remember us all going to concert and we were all out of 'gas'. And we got back to the van and me and my friend found a 'hidden' box of gas and we wrestled over it for like 5 minutes. Ahhh, the hippie crack. I highly recommend it. But try not to keep alot of it around. Once you binge don't buy any more for 'a later date'. Cause it will all be gone.