For me, 2C-B seems to be in a different league from all other drugs. No other experience has come close to that of 2C-B. Superficially, it seems to lie somewhere between MDMA and psilocybin, i.e. it is both entactogenic (in a way I find it more wholesome and satisfying than MDMA or MDE) and psychedelic. Unlike psilocybin, it leaves the ego much more intact - the mind remains clear and comfortable throughout. Unlike MDMA it is unlikely to cause inappropriate emotional bonding between people - only to encourage appropriate bonding.

My first experience with 2C-B was with four doses, each of about 20-25mg of the hydrochloride, spaced by 40 minute intervals. The experiment was conducted in private with one other person. Because of the spaced doses, the onset was gradual and gentle. I was slowly lifted out of my ordinary life, and taken to a state of pure heaven. Laurie Andersen once said 'Paradise is like where you are right now, only much much better' and this about sums it up. Everything around me was somehow transformed into absolute perfection. There were mild visual distortions which were tasteful decorations but in no way got in the way. All sensation became the most pleasurable possible - food, touch, sound, sight, sex were all simply perfect, but none of this was at all overwhelming. Throughout I remained totally calm, rational, and in control, just feeling better than I have ever felt before. There was a sense of 'this is the best - I have finally arrived - I am complete and need never look further than this.' 2CB is heaven, but it is also mundane - there are no fireworks, no fake euphoria - the change is so subtle you could almost forget it is there. We weren't moved to do anything differently - just to exist in this in this beautiful state and behave normally.

With one foot in heaven and one foot on earth, just after the peak, I found myself in a state of introspection. I felt so indescribably emotionally beautiful that it brought me to tears. Then, all the cares and worries of recent weeks came flooding at me, but not at an unbearable rate. It was as if the 2C-B were saying 'I have given you 2 hours of perfect bliss, but you are about to return to your normal life. Here are some issues which are bothering you, and now is the perfect time to do something about them'. The self-analysis was honest and useful - not distorted and certainly not superficial - and it was compelling and motivating.

The comedown was slow and gentle. There was no sense of loss, no desire to regain the state immediately (or at all!); on the contrary, the subtle return to normality was welcome. Every state between heaven and earth felt just right.

If it is impossible to adequately describe any drug induced state in words, this is doubly true with 2C-B. For me, the 2C-B experience is unparalleled, so I would recommend that people try it. Some do not seem to enjoy it, some do not seem to understand it, but many do.

A few final notes: My experiences suggest that there is nothing that can be added to the 2C-B experience - nothing can make it better than it is, and so all other drugs should be avoided contemporaneously. Also, insufflation seems to increase the potency 2-3 times, as well as somewhat shortening the duration. The onset is rapid (half to three minutes) and somewhat disorienting, and can approach the feel and intensity of smoked DMT, particularly in a visual sense. The burning pain associated with snorting 2C-B can detract from the experience initially.