[Erowid Note: 
The dose described in this report is very high, beyond Erowid's 'heavy' range, and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.] 

I love to trip. When it comes to drugs, I think there are only one or two substances that I have not tried. My drug of choice above all else, however, is oddly enough simply Ambien. I first heard of this drug from a dear friend of mine who told me that it was like pot and whiskey combined into a little pill. Being the wonderful actor/doctor shopper that I am, I was able to obtain a prescription within about two days. I took my first dose thinking that it would knock me out and that I would surely need to build a tolerance to this new substance in order to stay awake and enjoy the high. I have never been so wrong.

I soon found myself in my bed, and as I lay there on my striped sheets I began to notice a ripple, which lead to a current, which lead to a stream of cotton ending in a placid waterfall at the foot of my bed. For the moment I was swimming there in my own blankets, and that was when I knew I had struck gold. Ambien was all that I would ever need from then on. 

For two years after that experience I took Ambien religiously.  I would get high, low, drunk... whatever I felt like doing and then I would pop my beloved pill as though I was merely saving it for dessert. Eventually I found myself back under the roof of my parents and I still took my pill nightly, however now I was supposed to be off of it, yet I still had few secret refills hidden away. One day my folks left town and I filled one of them in order to help me pass the long day. I took the first pill at 7pm that night, and from then on I took another 13 pills of the Ambien CR 12.5 mg. I don't remember going to the hospital, or the food I ate on the way, or my brother picking me up and carrying me to his Scoutmaster's house. 
     
All I remember is that my parents came home all the way from Florida, I was high as a kite, and my mom had tried to flush the remaining pills I had left down the toilet to no avail. Instead of letting those trip tablets dissolve in the toilet, however, I reached my hand in there and bravely swallowed all that I could in one foul moment. That was when I knew I was an addict. The confinement, the hospital, and the trip that lasted three days are a mere blur at this point. 
     
I remember being treated at a psychiatric hospital for about five days and I remember not wanting to leave and have to face my parents. However, I do remember that it was an awesome experience, and given the chance to do it again. I can't honestly say that I wouldn't. It was a train wreck... that is most definite. but a learning experience? You bet ya! Ambien, although I have not done it in months, is still my drug of choice above all others.