Subject orally ingested 7mg of racemically-pure scopolamine HBr in aqueous vehicle. No other psychoactive substances were combined with the scopolamine. The quantity of scopolamine is decided upon because it is 1/50 of a lethal murine dose; subject figures that this is a sufficient safety factor.

+30 minutes: Onset of peripheral anti-cholinergic symptoms, e.g. dry mouth, blurred vision, dilated pupils, hyperpyrexia, red hands and eet and flushed face. Some noticeable ataxia and poor sentence construction.

+1 hour: Definite delirium setting in. Substantial decrease of muscle tone, resulting in clumsy walking. Much banging into walls and stumbling over nothing whatsoever. Heartrate is very fast.

+2 hours: Muscles almost completely relaxed, so that walking is now impossible (can barely crawl, however). Foreheard feels feverish. Hearing is impaired. Pupils are monstrously dilated. Colors are very rich and bright, as with Cannabis intoxication. Visual perceptual resolution is poor; text appears blurry no matter how hard subject squints or concentrates. Depth perception is severely impaired, making it impossible to appropriately reach for even nearby objects without over- or under-reaching. 

+3 hours: The walls are breathing, objects are swirling about and taking on living forms, making for a generally nightmarish scenario. Subject has NO INSIGHT WHATSOEVER; these are REAL HALLUCINATIONS, unlike the fanciful visions and distortions that one obtains on indoleamine psychelic drugs. Terrifying.

+4 hours and onwards: Muscles are so weak that even lifting a finger seems to take superhuman strength. Subject feels an oppressive force pinning him down on the bed, paralyzing him. Visual field is completely obscured by various living forms and blurry splotches. Throat is parched; tongue feels sandy. Subject does not know where he is; does not know whether he is even awake or dreaming, does not konw who he is; does not know why he feels so shitty; etc. Subject pledges his soul to the demon who is sittig on him in exchange for a refreshing drink of water. The demon takes his soul, doesn't provide the agreed-upon water. Subject resigns himself to eternal damnation.

+16 hours: Subject finds himself at work, utterly perplexed. He realizes that he is in the middle of a conversation with someone, asks for that person to repeat what was just said. Somehow manages to  handle everything at work without stirring too much suspicion. Vaguely recalls waking up in the morning midway down the basement stairs. Luckily, no injuries other than bruises. Concludes that he must fallen down the stairs while sleepwalking. Later that day, subject is shocked to discover that he had completed a sizeable amount of rather demanding paperwork earlier in the workday, with no recollection of even being delegated this task. Because of blurry vision, reading is somewhat difficult.

+20 hours: Subject comes home, sees a bowl of cooked rice sitting in the refrigerator - does not recall ever cooking rice. Also finds a toothbrush and some floss (most of it pulled out and then wrapped around the dispenser) on his nightstand, and a remote control in the bathroom. Pupils are still fucking hugely dilated. Subject has paranoid ideation about various entities lurking throughout his house, sees fleeting creatures in his peripheral vision.

+48 hours: Subject's memory and santiy are more or less back to normal, but he is deeply shaken and full of regret for ever thinking of experimenting with an anticholinergic deliriant.

Moral of the story: Don't do scopolamine. It is NOT a psychedelic (mind-opening) drug. Instead, it will make you a zombie.