My four friends from college finally got our hands on some of these magic fungi.  We started off around 8:30PM, all taking half an 1/8.  Beforehand, we prepared a travel plan to our local nature preserve.  As we walked towards, we felt lightheaded, threshold effects, nothing special.  As we entered into this clearing with a huge bridge, the onset effects began to take hold.   

The first effects I started to notice was this spider-like tree that was very close to the bridge.  The visuals definitely started first, as the tree and the bridge were both swaying in a breeze like motion, while I still had the sense to notice that everything was still.  My friends and I talked a little bit, waited a bit longer, and decided to go walking along a really nice path.  The visuals continued, as the trees swayed back in forth in unison, and at some points they turned into very geometrical, sharp objects.  I could tell that my mind was being influenced as we approached a soft mulch patch that was just put down that day on the path.  It was night time, and it looked to us that it was a huge lake!  We all stopped around this mulch lake, and I was the first to figure out that it was mulch.  I walked across, and all my friends gasped as I was talking on water!  

We started to peak as we all came to a stream, with a small bridge across that we all sat on.  This is  the point where the intellectual happenings started to happen.  We discussed everything from poetry to Socrates.  One of the most intense feelings that I felt was the cycle of knowledge and acceptance.  I would always come to the conclusion that we should just accept the world for what it was, but then would think again about how knowledge is so important for intellegence.  We all experienced this cycle of how the world was comprised.  I definitely had a loss of self, but then regained a sense of self many times.  

As we decided to walk back to campus, we were all silent, but thinking the same thing.  This experience was something that we would hold dear to our hearts, and the world just wasn't the same.  It's very hard to go from a natural environment where everything is silent and serene, to the bustling world that we are forced to live in.  It wasn't the greatest feeling, but I was able to accept it.  Out of all the things that I 'understand' while I'm on this fungi, one thing I could not figure out was the problem of self and no self.  It's the toughest question to answer, and I believe it still doesn't have an answer.  Maybe I'll take a full 1/8 next time and find out. :)