For the last couple years, a friend of mine has been prescribed Suboxone for his severe back pain. He gets 8mg sublingual tablets, and occasionally he gives me half a pill (I am not an extreme user of opiates, so my tolerance is low due to the fact I only do it on occasion) and I generally take half of that half at a time (so 2mg). These little sublingual tablets taste HORRIBLE, and the orange flavor they add just accents it...uuuggghhh. It dissolves under the tongue in about 2-3 minutes with the quarter piece I take.

It usually starts to creep up on me anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour and a half later. But when it does, the feeling is similar to all the other opiates (i.e. Feeling a great weight being lifted off my shoulders, relaxation, warmness/tingling, pain relief, disassociation). The only difference coming up I've noticed is that there isn't as much of a rush as the others, just much longer lasting. Also it can give me sort of a 'speedy' feeling, a need to get something accomplished (fixing my car, going to the grocery store, cleaning, etc.). And some weed is a good combination with buprenorphine, it just further increases the relaxation and disassociation. But I don't try to take other pain killers on it, because the other ingredient in suboxone is naloxone, which is an opiate antagonist (in other words it will reject the other pain killer). 

I usually try to go to bed on it once I am 5 or 6 hours into it. The feeling it gives me is indescribable...it feels like I am in the safest place I could possibly be, and I am so relaxed, so warm and itchy....I wouldn't call it healthy 'sleep', I just refer to it as the '8 hour nod'. I wake up and it isn't as strong, but it's still goin'. Generally I can still sense the euphoria long after I've taken it (an 'afterglow', if you will) anywhere up to 24-28 hours after ingestion. And occasionally I take the other quarter when it's almost gone, which can extend the duration another 10-20 hours.

Recently I have found myself recieving and consuming it much more often  (on my days off work usually, so once every week or two) which could lead to dependency if I keep it up...as a matter of fact, I am on it right now...And I have had several other nasty addictions I've kicked...(meth, cigarettes, and cocaine/crack) and by now I know very well that addictions can creep up on me and take hold of me (read <A HREF='http://www.erowid.org/experiences/exp.php?ID=39038'>my other report about meth called 'the fast lane', which I regrettably named myself a 'lost soul' and considered myself a lost cause at that depressing point in my life... I have stayed much healthier in 2005...And I haven't done meth or coke in almost a year, and 2 months without a cigarette. ANYWAYS, that's a seperate issue). 

Buprenorphine is a powerful chemical. It doesn't take much...I have been taking 1-2 mg each time now...And something I've found helps increase the high is to take it on an empty stomach and eat a medium-sized meal about 20-30 minutes later. The pills make the phone calls go away, bottom line. Hahaha.