The first time I ate mushrooms, my sister and I were young, inexperienced highschoolers with a drug background of little more than marijuana, tobacco, and coffee.  We had recently fallen in with a group of slightly older surfer-types who boasted a much more intimate familiarity with the variety of intoxicants out there in this world.  These guys entrusted us with an ounce of mushrooms before a weekend beach party or something, and gave us the go-ahead to experiment a bit beforehand, with no cautionary comments or the like.

[Erowid Note: 
Two samples of powder (even of the same chemical) with equivalent volumes won't necessarily weigh the same. For this reason, eyeballing is an inaccurate and potentially dangerous method of measuring, particularly for substances that are active in very small amounts.
See <a href="/psychoactives/basics/basics_measuring1.shtml">this article on The Importance of Measured Doses.]

So we ate these little dried shrooms by the fist-full, complaining about the flavor, yet digging our hands in for more wondering when we would feel high.  We took a walk in the mean time, and the shift in reality hit me suddenly around a half hour later in a grocery store, when I spilled my spare change all over some small children in line behind us.  I had no desire to buy anything.  We made our way to a park with our unwanted new possessions, and I felt, as the shadows of the trees stretched out across the grass, that the whole world was going dark and that I was missing something extremely vital to my well being.  This feeling did not ever leave.  My sister and I had quite the discussion over what it might be, and in retrospect I think it may have been my sanity.  

I have few memories after that.  I remember we made our way back to the grocery store, and spent some time sitting at the edge of that parking lot.  I watched  a woman's head turn into that of some sort of dog, and had to very forcibly, physically push it back into a human-shape with my ethereal hands.  My sister vanished for a while, leaving me alone with my skater shoes, which kept me close company for a while.  The voices of the universe were all speaking to me at once, flying in and out of my head in a great, black expanse of universe.  The parking lot spread out before me as great, calm, misty sea.  I was an old Chinese wise man who sat on the rocky shores of this sea, on an island that was half green, mossy cliff, and half smoke and steam.  People rowed their boats out to me for advice all the time.  As a matter of fact, someone was coming right then, I could see them, but what the hell was I going to tell them?  I couldn't make out the voices of the universe as they were all talking at once!  I'd really done it, I must have taken some sort of drug, I'd really destroyed my capacities as an oracle.  

It was a while before I left the state of believing "this is how it has always been, this is how it always will be", essentially with a constantly changing perception of reality, none of which being the "actual" one.  Walking home was a trick, as my body had turned to jello.  I was safe in my room when I came down, feeling like my soul had stretched to great lengths out into the universe, and finally came all back into me like a closing flower blossom, leaving me content and happy with sanity.