I knew this chick who had so many pills she couldn't keep track of them all. I asked her one day to give some of each she had. She gave me 2 Effexor 2 Ritalin and 3 (each) of 2 other kinds (cant remember). We took them to my house sat on my bed and Floor.

We broke out the Ritalin and I snorted 1.5 pills I popped the rest about 5 min. After and waited, sitting on the floor. We sat there for 4 hours and I felt nothing at all this pissed me off cause I was had taken so much and felt nothing. Everyone had to leave at about 4.5 hours after I took those. They left and I went up stairs to get on the comp. I could feel this static sensation in me which I thought was all good. I thought 'well they're finally kickin in' then it surged thru my whole body and I could feel my muscles tensing up. This was about 5 h. after I took them (8 pm)I started to shake horrably and my hands and jaw got so stiff I couldn't open my fucking hands! 

They where in fists and my whole body couldn't move, but I was shaking. I picked up the phone with my fists and tried dialing my friends #. it took me 5 time to get his number right, when he picked up I told him to come straight to my house cause I thought my heart was going to explode (I thought it was vibrating, it was beating so fast)by the time he got over there my whole body was vibrating with tension. I tried talking straight but I sounded so shaky and messed up, all I could say was check my heart beat check my heart! He checked my pulse and it was fine it was just my whole body vibrating that was the problem. 

He sat with me for awhile made sure I wasn't going to die and was on his way. He had sprinted from a car he was in when I called him so they were waiting. I sat there shaking and freaked out till 10 pm when I could feel my hands ease up and stop vibrating. I sat there for another 10 min till I could get a hold of myself. I walked to my very good friends house to ask her for a bowl to calm my nerves. She had one so we sat in my basement and had a great talk and eased up from the cannabis.