I have been using mugwort tea for some times now; I will make a summary of what the effects are like. First: how to make a tea?

I have always used dried mugwort leaves, but I think it's possible too, to use fresh onses. Take a reasonable amount; I never weigh my mugwort but let's say enough dried leaves to (compactly pressed) fill about 1/6 of your cup. You will see if it's good, when you look at the color of your tea.

Fill your cup with boiling water, and let it boil for about 20 minutes, every few minutes mixing it a bit with a spoon (I just put it a few times in my microwave to keep up the heat). Your tea should turn a green/yellowish or even darker color; if it is only a very light green, just add more leaves to it! Now you can drink the tea; it has a very nice taste that I have started to like very much; if not, you got yourself the wrong plant :-p !

The effects: it is very interesting to take this tea before I go to sleep. My 'Hypnagogic imagery' (I am a very active lucid dreamer) will increase tremendously, putting me in a dream-like, but a bit restless state. For me, it is difficult to get asleep because of the restlesness, but once I get asleep, I will very likely have many very interesting and recallable dreams. Some people even say, this tea will bring you 'prophetic dreams' ;-)!

When taken at daytime, the same effects work out a bit different. Firstly, my tiredness is gone, a bit like the effects of caffeine but maybe even stronger. The roman soldiers put this plant in their shoes, to get more enery, walking those many many miles. At first sight a bit opposing to that, I am much more dreamy than normally. My thoughts will drift in all directions, sometimes in a very unlogical and associative way.

I don't drink this tea, when I have to do things that need my concentration, beacuase you will be distracted very soon. When it is a boring, long day, however, and maybe I have to sit in a bus or a train all day, drinking some mugwort tea can get me in a comfortable, dreamy state which is very enjoyable. Thinking, feeling comfortable and looking out the window is something I really like when having had some cups of this tea. Also, after drinking the tea, I get a very nice, warm feeling in my stomach. They say mugwort is good for the digestive system. 

Remember that this is nothing of a trip or anything wild, think more of it as a very nice, relaxing tea with some interesting effect and history (real extreme effects can be reached by making one of those secret witch ointments...;-) )

greetings from holland,

JJJ