Here in the US, hydromorphone (HM) is a schedule II narcotic analgesic, approximately 5 x more powerful dose for dose than morphine. I have chronic and severe back pain due to a ruptured disk and bone spurs, and have been prescribed various types of narcotic pain medications for the last five years, including (weakest to strongest) Tylenol w/Codeine, hydrocodone (Vicodin), oxycodone (Percocet/Oxycontin), morphine (MS-Contin) and now HM. I have a genuine need for these and use the accordingly but I do see no harm in having a little fun on the odd occasion. BTW for those of you who are wondering, in my experience the best prescription narcotic for transitioning into an altered state is hydrocodone. The high is not as intense as some of the other meds, but it lasts a lot longer. Typically, I'll take about 6 x 7.5/350 Norco tabs is I'm looking for that effect (45mg of hydrocodone). The high lasts between 4-6 hrs. For Percocet and HM it is much shorter (1 hr) but much more intense.

So to cut a long story short I inhaled 4mg of HM and injected 4mg. The inhalation (snorting) route didn't cause any great rush of sensation - it was more subtle. But the IV route produced an incredible rush - feelings of warmth, well being, very mild sedation and that hard to describe but wondeful 'body buzz'. It took only about two minutes to fully set in and after having a cigarette I felt 'just capitol'. HM 2mg tablets are tiny and contain no acetominophen (AM). When crushed very finely and thoroughly 2 x 2mg tabs easily dissolve in 1 CC of hot (but not boiling water). Injection procedure and hygeine are critical. I once ended up with a cellulitis (abscess) on my ankle from bad hygeine that could have killed me (I used a syringe multiple times at the same site). It had to be lanced at the hospital and I was in severe pain for weeks with an ankle the size of a football. Needless to say I won't repreat that foolish mistake again. I'm now very careful and will illustrate that. I'm by no means saying this is something you should do - remember that IV is always a dangerous practice. 

I start with a couple of antiseptic swabs (isopropyl alcohol), a tube of pain relieving cream (containing benzocaine, eg. BoilEase), a tube of antiseptic cream (eg. NeoSporin - this is the best) and an anti-inflammatory cream (eg. Voltaren). Before injecting I thoroughly swab the site with the alcohol. I also use a swab to thoroughly clean the needle portion of the syringe. After injecting I reswab the site thoroughly and hold the swab on the wound until bleeding has competely stopped. I then apply an amount of each of the three creams I described. This eases the stinging, helps keep the tell-tale swelling down and prevents infection, promoting faster healing. I repeat application of the creams a couple of times each day for a few days, after which there is generally no mark or swelling remaining. I've found that this works pretty well for me. However, a warning and disclaimer: if you have thoughts about trying this you assume all risk and consequences of your actions. I don't encourage drug use, IV administration unless under medical supervision or following anything I have written here. These are just my experiences.