First of all, excuse me for my bad english. I'm a french canadian from Québec city, more precisely from St-Georges.

- Around October 1st, 2002 - 20h

One evening, my 3 best friends and I decided to make a mushroom trip.  We were in an isolated place ( a municipal park, 20h ... nobody around. There's so many paths really long and several falls. Heaven on earth...)

We have took each one 2.5 grams of mushroom.  We left the entrance to walk while waiting for the trip arrives.  Approximately 45 minutes later, my friends were already in a advanced state, and I was not feeling almost anything at this time.

We walked to a cliff, where there was a very solid suspended bridge ( with a very big ramp each side ).  I was looking at my friends during their trip and I envied them terribly.  I had some effects during this moment... overflowing energy, certain confusion, little change in colors perception ( LITTLE ), feeling to be superhuman, but no philosophy trip / nothing mental.

23h30. We came back to our starting point. They had finished their trip and I thought that mine was too. One of my friend brang his pipe and his weed. (it is a terribly strong species of weed.  I often smoked it and I know very well the effects ) I've took 5 breaths very very deep, one after the other, at the limit of the endurance of my throat.  I feel the effect instantaneously.  I leaned myself on an iron post as this '/' (It was a pillar of a swing... Don't forget that we were in a municipal park.)

Suddenly, I felt I were BECOMING the post.  My legs were already rolled up around, and my arms too.  We were only one entity ( I think that my mushroom digestion was delayed, and by leaning my belly on the cold post, I accelerated my digestion ). I had to use all the resources that it remains me as a human to be able to release the post. Once made, I looked around me.  All was as in a dream. Textures were as if there were colored grass on each thing in the park.

I said to my friends:  'I believe that I have my trip of mush NOW!!!!!!'.  They looked at me, full of wonder, while laughing out loud. But it was just the beginning... all happened very quickly.  During 1 minute I saw all my world with multicoloured  texture, the following minute the effect increased dramatically.  Then I said to my friend that I was not feeling very well.  They looked at me, astonished.  The next minute I  felt be weak at the knees.  I had serious difficulty to remain on my feets, I had cold sweats in my back, sweat on the face, hands moist, no more force.  My vision started to drop.  I did not see any more except one small circle (approximately 20 inches at 3 feet from the face ). Next all became fucked up...

Two of my friends with whom I often smoke understood that I was really bad tripping. They took me, each one by the arm and sat me on the ground.  I started to feel an intense buzz in the center of my brain.  You know the feeling that we get when we're about to lose consciousness ( all is black, sweat... ) ?  I felt that so extremely that I let myself go.  At my great surprise I continued to trip more and more powerfully.  I had a VERY VERY VERY VERY intense sound in my head, like after a rock show, when you are in your bed... you hear a sharp, high-pitch noise.  My conscience had been disconnected. I had no more consciousness, except by my eyes.  I was no more thinking...... a real zombie.

After approximately 5 minutes according to my friends, I was raised upright.  It was like a little trip of mushroom.  We left the place by car ( sooooooooooooooooo fuckin GREAT!!!!! ) Listening to the newest Disturbed album.  My friends were hungry, so we went to has pizza restorant. My trip was still very high.  The waitress looked at us so often... !! It was soooo funny :) !!! I ate my first slice at a tremendous speed. A few minutes later, I started to feel bad again. Guess what ! With the arrival of the pizza in my stomach, I, once again, had an intense trip like a few minutes ago...  IN THE RESTORANT! I've been able to stay sitted, so the waitress didn't see me... i think...

After 1h hour it ends. ( 01h00 ). I cannot explain what happened to me...