One boring morning I woke up, I drank my normal morning coffee and headed off to school, hoping to get a tiny lift from the tiny amount of caffeine in the gut-wrenching beverage. I arrived at school depressed as usual. My head down, dressed head to toe in black not caring what anybody or anything thought of my dangerous appearance. I slept through the first couple hours of classes then at lunch a good friend approached me with a few pills in her hand. She sat beside me and asked me if I wanted some vivarin. I considered the possibilities, the positive effects, the negative... and skeptically took two pills from her. To be quite honest I was scared of drugs in general, anything at all. But, caffeine wasn't a drug to me, it was merely something to help me up. It didn't even 'do' anything, right?

Well, let me tell you I was WRONG. I downed the 200mg pills with a soft drink. I didn't expect much to happen, but in about 20 minutes a started feeling happy, hyper, euphoric in a way. About 5 minutes after the initial reaction I started to see everything as pretty and interesting, nobody wasn't my best friend and I didn't need anybody to survive. I felt completely independent. After lunch I happily skipped to my art class. Everybody was shocked at the fact that I was happy. When we started the project my mind bubbled with creative energy, tiny dots on paper became a spectrum of color, brush strokes turned neon, every line and marking was perfect. When I got home the effects started to wear off, leaving me depressed and apathetic once more. When I got home the effects started to wear off, leaving me depressed and apathetic once more. So, realising that caffeine was the best thing that happened to me all year, I brewed myself a pot of extremely strong coffee. (Now that I think of it, there was probably 400 mg of caffeine in a cup.) I drank the coffee within 30 minutes of arriving home and about 15 minutes later was practically bouncing of the walls. I was more than euphoric; I was the most perfect thing to ever exist. I was god, a dictator of all creation. Everything was neon and beautiful, I could move as fast as my heart desired. Music, life, the world all made perfect sense to me and I felt like I was haplessly in love with everybody. It was as if the world was in perfect insane harmony. Following the raver saying 'Peace Love Unity Respect' it was a sense of complete utopia.

After that episode, I went back to my friend for more 'happiness in a pill' she told me she didn't have anymore, because everybody else took two or three. I was disappointed and went home, made my 'special coffee'.<!-- and decided to research caffeine to figure out how I could get my hands on some.

My discoveries were startling, I found out how to purify caffeine from anything, and also to make a more potent form of my 'special coffee'. I did as the recipe said and froze my ultra-caffeinated drink to a certain point. I checked it every 2 minutes or so. After a while a ring of needle like, lighter ice crystals formed along the rim of the coffee pot. I dumped the now nearly useless coffee and chipped off the extremely caffeinated ice. Me being impatient, I swallowed a chunk of the needle like ice and within 5 minutes felt a euphoria like the first day. Naturally, I swallowed the rest of it. The high lasted for 6-8 hours and afterwards I reached back for more.-->

It was winter break and I was quite obviously addicted to this 'harmless' substance. <!--I loved it so much I kept a stash of the 'ice' in my freezer in a box. At my worst I was staying up for 4 or more days on a high, afterwards I would 'crash' and sleep for 3 or 4 days.-->

Eventually this coffee form wasn't enough to satisfy me. I began to turn to other kinds. I wanted pure caffeine. After long, boring research, and many sleepless nights on the computer, I found an over the counter drug that was almost all caffeine.<!--, a more potent form also. (no not caffeine pills)--> I was again, scared of caffeine. Afraid it would be too strong for my already messed up heart. But, I simply couldn't stand withdrawal (which included, but was not limited to vomiting, stomach cramps, horrible migraines, insomnia, paranoia, hallucinations, tremors, and ringing in the ears.) and eventually crushed up the small pills and snorted a line.

It was at least ten times stronger than anything I've ever felt before. I couldn't stop moving, my energy was limitless, everything was neon and exciting and my mind was going crazy. Racing illogical thoughts flew around my head. I wanted to jump higher run faster scream louder and dance the night away, which is exactly what I did. Until the euphoria wore off. When this happened, it was quite a crash. I became extremely depressed, bored by everything and irritable. My muscles ached my stomach jumped, everything scared me and I couldn't stop crying.

At this point, my mother noticed me not eating or sleeping and my severe mood swings. She took me to a clinic to get drug tested. Surprisingly NOTHING showed up. She was confused, and I was off the hook.
I continued to have my daily lines, and the addiction lives to this very day. I've tried to quit a total of 16 times, all failed miserably within 2 weeks. The addiction is vicious.