I had 1st came into contact with Hydrocodone (w/acetaminophen) when I had a major headache at work and a co-worker suggested to try these, I was slurring my words 20 mins later in a Euphoric heaven! I would buy these for $1 each when I was down at work and it perked me up. Then a doctor prescribed me the drug for a Kidney stone and I got 60 pills total. I would take 2 per night right before I would leave work for the day (Lasted about a Month), I did not know it at the time but I was addicted. 

After I ran out, I tried to sleep and could not, I paced around the house and was very irritable and edgy for 3 full days. After that I returned to a sleepable state. But I always knew if someone had offered to give me the pills I would take them. Hence last year my friend knew someone that would sell the 7.5 Lortabs I could not resist and bought about a half years supply of them in total. I was strict in my tolerance to just take 2 tabs per night as anything over this really fucks up your liver. 

I recently had a liver biopsy done and the doctor came in and was screaming at me that I was killing myself as I had a 'Yellow' liver! And was caused by the Lortabs. He stated he never seen such a poor liver. This really scared the hell out of me and after going though a second withdrawal period of a few sleepless nights. I am 'clean' again off the pills. The mental addiction is still there and I don't think that will ever go away. But as long as I can't get the pills then I am OK, the old saying OUT OF SIGHT OUT OF MIND does not hold true to Lortabs and / or these pills. This is a warning for anyone that is like me and loves the feeling these pills give you. Do yourself a favor and take the rest of the pills you have and go through the withdrawal period. Only take them if you really need them, I only really needed these pills for 5 days after a operation but always took them because of the feeling they gave me. After 6 Months taking them I did not even feel 2 pills at a time, they are slowly and silently addictive. Fellow pill popper be advised.