The second flight, an uncomfortable experience!

I recently posted a thread about my experiences smoking a yopo mixture. The first experience was stunning to say the least. It far exceeded what I expected and was enough to cause me to prepare a small amount more and go for another test flight.

I prepared the mixture as before by grinding and drying the seeds and adding a small amount of wild dagga to aid with the "burnability" and the taste.

I found my favorite smoking utensil and retired to my comfortable spot.
I knew that the smoke was VERY strong and had decided to force myself to hold the hit for more than 30 seconds. I did this rather easily and managed to get about six good pulls from one bowl. After the third pull I noticed the familiar "change" and proceeded on anxiously. After the sixth drag I put the pipe down expecting the desired results, and, my ears began to ring loudly, almost overwhelmingly. After about 30 or 40 seconds I developed a very disagreeable nausea. Unfortunately this lasted around 20 minutes and was very uncomfortable. Somewhere during this time I also developed a weird muscle tension in my neck and back, it made my head feel "floppy" on the end of my neck. It was not really altogether uncomfortable but rather undesired. The combination of the nausea and the muscle tension was very unsettling and I could not believe the contrast compared to the first try. In fact I did not have any similar experiences other than a mild and pleasant MJ like buzz after the disagreeable effects passed (some 30 to 40 minutes). The good buzz only lasted about 20 to 30 minutes with the total experience lasting less than 1.5 hours. I had NO disassociation, NO out of body like experiences, and NO voices echoing around in my head. All in all the experience was uncomfortable at best and was enough so that I have decided not to attempt this method again in the near future.

This brings up several questions in my mind.
A) As I had observed, I had followed the first method exactly with different results, so why the different results? 
b) Why would the effects manifest as "muscle tension" and "nausea"?
c) Could a different ratio of alkaloids be responsible for these effects?
d) Why was the experience shorter?
e) Could "first exposure" be markedly different due to some sort of tolerance or cumulative effect?

I will be working with this plant again in the future but it will definitely be a different preparation and a different administration method. This attempt has taught me that experimentation is an imprecise art with a full spectrum of surprises!