ground coffee (Turkish style), hashish, water and sugar to taste

Brewed coffee and shredded hashish Arabian style on low (mediated) heat for approx. 20 minutes: this served to disperse the hashish and release the active ingredients. Kanaka is the Middle Eastern coffee pot in which Turkish coffee is prepared. Hashshash is the term for hashish eater. So the title of this piece actually means the hashish eater's coffee pot.

Duration: aprox. 5-6 hours

High is distinctly different from either that obtained from smoking hashish in tobacco or marijuana joints or eating confections that use hashish or marijuana butter.

Come on is instant but not abrupt, marked (in the case of high-quality Lebanese hashish now marketed in the Middle East) by a subtle but unmistakable shift in visual perception, followed by euphoria and a feeling of comradery not always induced by smoking. As is often the case with ingested THC, the high is more trippy in the sense that you enter into a longer-lasting state from which you do not fully emerge until the next day. Effects set in approx. 15-20 minutes after ingestion - significantly faster than effects induced by hashish butter. Dosage is more practically controlled as subject ingests raw, moist and heated hashish rather than hashish butter (whose varying concentration in confection being ingested makes potency hard to determine). 

However much gets you off in a joint, start with approx. half of that. Ingested hashish produces the 'wave' effect and if one takes too much very intense, sometimes frightening highs can set in very abruptly long after the initial apparent comedown. Strong coffee combines THC with caffeine, producing a clear, steady, wakeful high - and eliminating the drastic drop in blood pressure (and body temperature) that high doses of hashish can produce. There are no sleepy, groggy effects from tobacco and carbon monoxide. Unless too much is ingested, the high is manageable, the way smoking Moroccan or Lebanese hashish produces a manageable high. Ideal for those who enjoy smoking (tobacco) with coffee in a social context, appropriate for a few hours on one's own.