IMMATERIAL existence ----  1st trip.

The guy at the store said I needed a sitter but I thought that since I had done LSD over 50 times I would be alright. He warned that my previous experiences would NOT help me with this drug. He informed me that LSD was like Flinstones chewables compared to this stuff. I assumed he was just pitching me to buy.

I decided I would do it by myself, thinking how bad could this be.
I also video taped it to help remember what happened.

I sat with dim lights in my recliner and loaded the bong.
I was in a good mood and ready to expect not very much even though they guy at the stored said it was strong stuff.

I smoked about 1/6 of a gram of Salvia 20X Extract with bong and butane torch lighter, this worked very well.

0 seconds

I fired up the bong and had one big hit and held it as long as I could. As I exhaled I began to feel very sweaty and my body seemed very heavy. I felt like my body was pinned down to the chair. Sort of like being drunk and light headed.

30 seconds

I then thought I was with people in the room. I looked to see but nobody was there, but I could feel people watching me. At this point my vision is becoming distorted and I can now see infinite shades of every color, more rich and gradient in shading than normal. I feel like something is controlling my head and making me uncontrollably tilt my head. I think to myself, I hope nobody sees me like this.

It feels like water or some form of energy is pouring from the middle of my forehead. Suddenly I feel very embarrassed by my reaction thinking I feel very fragile right now. I hope nobody sees me like this.

I thought this was a practical joke that had gone to far. Then I could faintly remember that I had just smoked something but I was tricked some how and that this is not what I wanted. Something felt very wrong and was going to get worse. A storm was coming I could feel it. On the video I speak my last words of 'something is wrong... this cannot be right'

45 seconds

Then this feeling consumed me like a wave. I felt a new reality rush over me like a 50 foot wave. Like a wave hit me and just kept rolling over me with ridiculous power. I felt very out of control and the room was now starting to disappear. I looked to see the floor but it had somehow vanished into nothing. The room quickly just vaporized.

55 seconds (IMMATERIAL existence) 

I could no longer see reality as I had known it. I was now not able to speak, hear or see. Everyone of my senses was like it was tuned to a new channel. A channel that had never been seen or even imagined.

I was now in a dream like world of impossible weirdness. I entered a new world of new people. It was made of complex geometric colored shapes that moved in a synchronized order.

These people were colors. These colors were spirits or some sort of being. Their bodies were now shaped like flames. Some of these creatures were blue others were red and so on. They moved in a complex order of shifting colors that impressed me with their ability to create such gorgeous patterns. I was scared but I was also a witness to a beautiful new society.

The colors or beings of color then divided up into there groups of color. Soon one of the yellow's told me to come with him.I was told I would join the yellow's.  The yellow's (millions of them) then explained I had entered their domain and they explained to me that this was reality and that were I came from did not exist and was a fake reality for stupid people too dumb to see the truth.

I was terrified by this new fact. As cool as this place was I really had liked were I had once come from. I tried to explain that I would like to see my family again. The colors declared that this was impossible. There was no family it was just in my head.
They explained that I had only dreamed these things and now I awake and to was to actually begin living.

They then explained that I was to become paint on behalf of the color yellow.

I was to be rolled onto a wall by the 'MACHINE' a giant paint rolling contraption. I then panicked realizing I would suffocate if I was going to be painted onto a wall. As paint is too thin for me to live in. I think that I will suffocate so I start to hold my breath. The colors laughed and said you will leave your body and join the new reality. The giant paint roller MACHINE came from infinite distance and then rolled over my body which then sealed me into they layer of paint on the wall. 

I assumed I was moments from death. But part of me said perhaps these yellow people know what they are talking about. 

Then like a ship in the distance the old reality I loved was coming to shore and as it came closer I felt a massive sense of relief that I was going home to the comfort of what I knew, even if it was a lie.

4 Minutes

I was now able to move and burst into laughter. As what I had just done seemed to be very Ironic. I was happy that I was safe and that I would soon be normal. I felt like had escaped the worst car wreck that nobody could have survived.

I laugh for over 2 minutes combined with a sense like I had been the first man in space.

After 6 minutes I am  still high but now I am fully able to interact with my reality.

I observe
- I have been drooling
- sweaty feeling
- clothing felt like saw dust
- feel like I am STILL being watched I check my shoulder for  I am convinced I will see someone
-feel light headed
-my face is beat red


After 20 minutes I feel only the slightest glow

After 35 minutes I cannot tell I have taken Salvia and feel normal.

I had a smile on my face for three days. I had seen things mortals could not even dream about. I felt like a Psychonaught.