All of my adult life I've endured horrible suffering during my menstrual cycle.  I get cramps so bad that I can't move, I throw up at the drop of a hat, my appetite disappears, my emotions are all over the place, I get pounding headaches.  I've tried many different things to at least lessen the discomfort a little, over the counter drugs, prescriptions, holistic healing crystals ... the works.  I've used cannabis on an on and off basis for years now, but for some reason it never occurred to me to put it to medical use.  

During my last cycle of unrelenting torment, I purchased two grams of weed and decided to check it out.  The thought of smoking was nauseating, but I calmed myself down and loaded up my pipe. I took things slowly, a few hits at a time and waiting at least ten minutes before I'd light the bowl again and have another round.  

The first thing I noticed was that my body aches were gone.  My limbs were no longer stiff, my stomach was no longer trying to combust, and my headache had dulled significantly.  The wonderful state of wellbeing that accompanies a marijuana high soon took hold, I shoved my box of tissues to the side and tried to see if I could go about my daily business.  I was surprised at how much better I felt, I could do what I needed to do without having to stop every five minutes so I could whimper in pain.  This pain-free feeling of peace lasted for hours after the real buzz wore off, but as my symptoms slowly started creeping back I sat myself down and smoked another bowl.  Then, I went on with my usual daily routine.

My stomach ceased to bother me, I could eat without having to throw up and didn't have to lie down in the fetal position when things got too rough. Hopefully this will be of use to someone out there.  I'm sure a few of you guys are squicked by the idea, but many of us girls go through a considerable amount of discomfort.  Imagine having blue balls for 5-7 days.  Not fun, hm?  

I think this use of marijuana merits a deeper, professional medical study.  However, I'm just one girl with monster monthlies and my opinion means squat.  Someday, though, SOMEONE will open their eyes and see the light.  After all, our generation will be running the country within the next 10-20 years, you'd better believe the stance on marijuana will change.

[Reported Dose: '2 grams over 5 days']