I was just siting around the house, thinking about geting messed up. SO i decided to pay a visit to the local pharmacy. IT was alot harder than in thought it was going to be. The drug i was looking for was Corcidin Cough and Cold, but i had no luck. So i decide to go bak with what i had my first DXM trip with, Delsym. Once i had the medicine, i quickly downed 2.5  bottles of it, gagging the whole time. It was nasty, but i knew what was ahead. 

I layed down for a while since it usually took about 1-2 hrs. to take affect. When i came to, everything was slowed down tremendously. Since there was nothing to do at home, i decided to go for a little walk. While i was walking down my driveway, it seemed as though i had been looking through a hole the size of a 50 cent piece. Then i just remember  falling into a big hole. when i 'woke up' i was about 50 ft away from where i remember falling. Luckily someone that i knew found me and took me home. HE decided to have a little fun with me. 

So we went next door and he decided to start trying to play basketball. he pelted me with the ball on repeated occasions. I knew what was going on but i didnt care cause my entire body was numb. So i took the punishment and decided to stay over there a little while longer. My neighbor who was home knew what was going on and decided to give me some food. i took a handful of chips and just started chewing. I chewed and chewed but i never swallowed my food. this was about an 2 hrs after i took the Delsym, so i decided to go home. 

When i got home i was extremely cold, so i decided to go take a shower. I got in the shower, clothes and all, and proceeded to turn the hot water on full blast and barely turned on the cold. I layed down in the shower because i didnt want to fall. When i looked up at the ceiling i was seeing smoke coming out of the walls, and it made me freak out. But i couldn't move so i just stayed there. 

Next thing i knew i was grabbing the faucet and holding on for dear life because the bathtub started to flip end over end. I could feel my body shift with the movement of the tub. AFter a efw minutes of flipping i layed back down. this was aobut 20 minutes after i got in the shower, and i suddenly felt my body sinking into the tub. I my hands went first, then my back and next my head, i remember looking up and seeing myslef from under the tub. It was the best feeling in the world. I dont know much about what happened after that because i always black out while on DXM. I remember waking up in the bathroom floor at like 3 in the morning. luckily my mom was asleep, so she didnt know what was going on. It was one of the best trips i had ever had, and one of the greatest feelings i had ever felt.