The day started out just like any other sunday, me waking up to an empty house . I was a little 'hungover' from the previous night of drinking like a maniac. As I started to get ready to shower, I remember that a friend had given me two little pink pills looking similar to Oxyconton pills but these had a little 'alpha' sign on them.
Not wanting to be caught with 'crazy pills' I hid them away so as no one searching through my pants for money, would find them. Althought no one was around, paranoia never really leaves you once you've been on a heavy coke binge. Being bored after the shower I decided to down the pills. So cranking the Basement Jaxx up to the max on my little stereo I danced around the room in a ballet manner as I gulped the little pieces of candy down with a tall glass of ice cold water. The onset was not quick, maybe thirty minutes or so, but it kicked in and made me feel this warm rush at first which lasted about a minute. Then EVERYTHING slowed down and I decided to lay on my bed. I plopped down, looked at my ceiling which was now darkened slightly (I later found I had knocked a light over on the way to my bed) and felt really drowsy. I decided to call up GooN and strike up a conversation. This was a nice plan until he passed out cold due to beer intoxication.
Needless to say I fell asleep about one and a half hours after consumption of the little tricks. A lot of my friends get a big bang outa these 'Z-Bars' and I dont mean to discourage anyone but these things suck! Vicodin will always be my champion.


++++++++++++EXPERIENCE 2+++++++++++++
!!!2 WEEKS AFTER THE FIRST !!!
Thinking maybe I did something wrong in the consumption department of Alprazolam, I decided to insufflate half a crushed 0.5mg pill. So it was like snorting 0.25 mg of Xanex powder.
Well here's how it went. Another stressful day at work dealing with junkie bastards haggling me to show them all of our items. I take a bathroom break to get away from all the madness and recover the little Alprazolam pill my friend M gave to me the previous night. I placed the little orange/pink pill on the bathroom sink and proceeded to crush it using my lighter as a pestle to mash the little bugger into submission I had my special razor blade and snorting bill, used in previous acts of insufflation, handy and cut myself out 2 lines from half the pill mash. I placed the rest of the crushed residue in a homemade envelope, proceeded to snort down the two lines with no resistance from mucous or any other obstruction in my otherwise clean nose.
2 SECONDS AFTER INSUFFLATION I BLACKED OUT AND LANDED ON THE TOILET SEAT IN(thank satan)SITTING POSITION. I WAS BLACKED OUT FOR ABOUT 2 REAL TIME MINUTES. When I came to, I felt really drowsy , I could barley move and took some time to get myself straight. I gathered my thoughts and drunkenly opened the door, clocked out and went home 'sick.' Upon arrival , I was met with warm pizza. I ate 2 slices and went to bed. 

I AM NEVER DOING THIS BULLSHIT DRUG AGAIN!!!! But that is my opinion and will stay so. I do not want to cause anyone to NOT use this substance. But foe me personally it didn't tickle my fancy. Have fun and be safe. NO DRINKING AND DRIVING!