It was nearing graduation and two friends of mine and myself where looking for some way to end the year on a good note, with a bang.  I had heard from an old, old friend who used to sell me pot that ingesting 5 to 10 grams of Morning Glory seeds, containing LSA, would give a psychedelic effect.  Not wanting to get extremely messed up and not wanting to get caught by a teacher and expelled, we decided to do a small dose, 2 grams.  We all agreed also, to stay in the room and try to contain ourselves as best we could.  Despite this being a less than foolproof plan, we proceeded with eating the seeds and some dramamine to counter the nausea I was warned would occur.

I'll stray from the point here to mention that a very good friend, but clean friend was with us in the room and he refused to go along and I think that he was seeing himself as our 'designated driver.'  For people looking around and finding out about drugs they wish to try, never do this.  He was treating us like infants and giving me strange looks for the entire afternoon.

Back to the point, I am going to describe my experiences as best as I can remember.  After about 30 to 45 minutes, we all began to feel sick.  I got it the worst, as I was a motion-sickness/migraine baby who's record is throwing up 15 times in 3 hours.  The sickness passed though, with some fresh air from the window, and we sat down to watch a movie, though the title is escaping me at the moment.  We chatted our way through the next 45 minutes while the movie played.  

The fun began about now, as we all felt heavy in the legs and arms and possibly a little tipsy.  One friend simply wanted to go to sleep, but we kept him up, not wanting him to miss the fun.  Our vow to stay in the room was soon broken and we went out exploring, looking for food.  We went out to play frisbee and hang out with some friends.  We got a few strange looks from friends who, I believe, knew we weren't in the right state of mind, but we didn't tell them we were messed up.  

What I felt internally is the following.  Visually, I was far from hallucinating, but I could only focus on one thing at a time.  I felt as though I couldn't use more than 2 or 3 senses at a time.  People speaking to me were barely audible and I having a lot of trouble concentrating mentally on the thing I was staring at.  My thoughts were racing and I was making realizations that I would have never thought possible.  It felt as though I was some type of uber-psychiatrist who could read the people around me like a book.  Control came very easily at some times, as I said hello to a teacher, though I was tempted to tell him I like his bald head.  It seemed like whenever I was in control, my buddies weren't.  One friend was constantly, but unconsciously, cutting people in lines for food.  The other almost wandered into restricted area, only to be saved by my harsh whisper, 'Good God, Control Yourself Man,' mocking one of my favorite characters, Raul Duke of one of my favorite movies, 'Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.'

Finally, we all decided to go back into the room and settle in to enjoy our racing, magnificent thoughts.  By the end of our second movie, we had all had a gentle comedown and were laughing a sharing personal experiences with one another.

I have done LSA several times, at full doses, since then but I have shared my first, seeing as this is for informational purposes for people thinking about having their own first experience.