Had my first experience with salvia a few days ago, after searching for about a year and a half I found It at a local head shop. They were peddling raw leaf, 5x, and 10x extract. Me wrongly accusing myself of being a hardhead with all drugs opted for the 5x for my first time.

I have tried most other substances out there, natural and man-made. I won't bore everybody with a list of my previous experiences. I have also had my fair share of bad trips and scary experiences so I thought I could handle it if it went bad. Ha!

The first time I tried I was drunk and really stoned so I think it sort of deadened the effects. The next morning I awoke with a sober head and light streaming through my windows. A great time to see some new things I thought.

I load up a small glass pipe with about three times more than what the guy at the store instructed me was a good first dose. It was maybe 150mg out of a gram bag of the shaky stuff.

I sit in bed in quiet contemplation for a few minutes, then take the plunge. Pipe to lips lighter to bowl.It wouldn't all burn in one hit so I held the first a good twenty seconds and went back for more. I held the second hit a long time.
 
When I exhaled I felt a blast of ice cold air hit my whole body, my face and finger tips were tingling like a mild electric shock. I saw the layers of my world fall away at the edges, in there stead was a convex lense of iridescent jelly, shimmering and swaying. I heard myself say outloud although I might not have 'where's the reality in that?' When I thought about reality I thought about where I was and why I wasn't in reality. I then heard people whispering, 'it's the big trick, all a trick, ultimate practical joke...' And many other things like it.

I broke out in a cold sweat, it was cold in the room but I was burning up. This scared me bad, I thought I wouldn't be able to get back, I thought I had smoked too much and the consequence was to be stuck in this technicolor rollercoaster. I actually saw the tracks, and when another car coming the other way appeared I fled the room thinking I would be smashed.

I ran into the bathroom feeling off balance and way too fucked up for the tiny amount I had smoked. I had an incredible urge to urinate, but it took me what seemed like five minutes to figure out how.

Soon as I pissed I felt normalcy returning. I stood in my boxers a few more minutes shaking from the intensity. I still can't imagine how such a benign looking substance can hold so much.
 
I want to try it again but am apprehensive at best. I probably will but with much more trepidation and a sober sitter.

Peace from the void.