The first time I tried the sage, I had no idea what was coming.

I read as many reports as possible, and did the necessary research before my venture. I chose my whole house to be the setting, but locked all doors so that to get outside would take a bit of effort (and conscious thought, most importantly). I chose not to have a sitter, simply because I knew no one who had tried it before, and that can often cause even more confusion and possibly even fear in the first-timer. I had read the reports of little success, so I knew there was a chance that I would be disappointed. The leaves were dry and brittle, so I crumbled one leaf into the bowl of my bong (water cooled is a must).

1st hit (all held for 25 seconds): disorientation immediately following exhale
2nd hit: I knew I'd be going somewhere, but everyone else claimed 4 hits, so I proceeded.
3rd hit: 'here we go' I said to myself.

I sat back a minute and knew that I was about to embark on something new and bizarre. After about 30-40 seconds of sitting in bewilderment, I opted for a 4th hit:

KABLAM!!

It was as though I was in one of those dreams where you feel you've already awakened, and begin to act and move around. When I walked, I felt as though my legs stopped moving, and I was on a moving walk-way. My only mission was to get into the next room to grab a blanket. I returned successfully (but don't remember exactly). Next thing I new I was 'waking up' on the couch thinking 'it was a delusion, and I'm still here on the couch' except I had the blanket in hand. At that point my mind started going into loops not unlike those of a high-level acid trip. [Note: nothing else that occurred can be equated to acid or any other substance.]

I had a strong feeling that 'they' were observing me. Who's they? I have no idea, but they weren't belligerent; merely observant. I also realized that my vision, though not impaired, was irrelevant to the state I was in. It was simply not needed. I couldn't tell if my eyes were open or closed, anyway, so I'm not sure if the things around me really existed or not. [Note: I stand corrected, the only other 'acidic' thing that occurred was the visuals that are subtle like the tiny, tiny bubbles that form at the edge of all objects; usually with a reddish hue.]

I wasn't ready for all this. I didn't expect to be here, so I began to panic a little. I started talking out loud, and identifying myself. It's a little trick I learned after a very, very bad acid trip I had once. I had my 'reality item' before I entered this world. I grabbed it and said 'you are in your house alone, you smoked a very powerful substance, and the experience will soon be within your grasp.'

I also made sure to check the time before hand so that I could always check it in case things started to go awry. I checked the time, and 20 minutes had passed. I could feel things start to die down. The come-down lasted approx. 1 hour 30 min. It was gradual and a bit uncomfortable.

Lesson? Now I know where it takes me, and I know who's there to greet me, so I won't be uncomfortable next time. The locked doors was a good idea. The Boards of Canada on the stereo was not. If you plan on listening to music, make sure it's the kind that isn't a head trip even when you are sober.

Today I tried one hit just out of curiosity:

Again I was amazed and somewhat unprepared, but you only lose touch briefly for about 1 minute. They were there again, but they weren't too clear, and left shortly thereafter.

1 hit: tells them I'm coming but can't stay long
2-3 hits: I can stay for a bit, but don't want to leave the ground
4 hits: as I said: 'KABLAM'
5-more: I don't think I'm interested in going there just because.

Since Salvia divinorum has a small duration, one can't really plan a long trip (but the distance travelled is truly immeasurable). Now that experimentation is over, from this point onward I plan only to use it as more of a shamanistic tool.