About 1 month ago I was prescribed Adderall for low heart rate. My feeling is that it has changed my life for the better. The drug has no only helped me get through school but gave me a new perspective on life.

Prior to my daily use of Adderall I was constantly falling asleep in school and dependant on caffeine to keep me awake during some classes. I was failing out of my subjects and ruining my life and crushing my dreams of going to a good college. Only to my doctor prescribed me Adderall for a low heart rate. The effects were almost immediate. My grades went up, my family life was a bit better, and I have a sense of accomplishment now. For the most effective use, I woke up 20 mins earlier than normal only to take the 10mg dose. This makes it easier to wake up and get out to school in the morning. During school I'm awake and attentive. I'm also better at understanding  difficult topics. The effect wears off at about 4pm and I start at 630am. That means the duration of the medication's effect with time release is about 9 1/2 hours. I did not use Adderall on the weekends. I believe it is essential not to use it on the weekends if I am expecting optimal use.

The only downsides of the drugs usage, which hardly matter, are that on the first week of the dosage one may feel depression and anxiety when coming off of it. This ONLY lasted one week. The next week one may feel a diminishing affect but it goes back to normal, less the first week's side effects. On the end of the second week I felt  stronger effects than normal. The most likely side effects during this period of time are fever and severe Tachycardia. There was once a good 5 minutes that I had closed eye visuals. But on the third weeks beginning, the effects are positive and beneficial. Also, I got a positive mood towards life and living.

I recommend Adderall use for people who have difficulty with waking up and people who are fatigued for the duration of their day. I suggest starting with 10mg with time release for the desired effect such as mine. I hope this article sways people away from using Amphetamines recreationally and using it for more constructive purposes.