I had been intrigued with natural trip since reading online about cacti. I use psychedelics as a life's crossroads' map & compass. Upon return to reality, I know what to do and where to place my positive energy. My anchoring faith in God ensures no bad trips, even while thresholding.  

I bought a huge plant from a local nursery for $85. They are used to being asked for a specific species. Absolutley no hassle or suspicion, but I look 'normal'. Just be cool, and you will have no problem. It has about 20' total, but grows, with frequent watering, very quickly, and the six other arms have almost grown back  our dose within six weeks. Re-newable exploration!  Friend & I are experienced LSD & MDMA users. His house is a familiar stress-free 'vehicle', with lots of favorite music.  We were quite high on smoked THC. It was 10pm, no work manana.  The 3' length of cactus had been previously frozen to help extraction. It was peeled, and everything put through a store-bought juice extractor. It looked like a frothy juice shake, foamy and light green. It did not taste too bad, only a little bitter & slimy. It upset my friend's  stomach a *little*, but it is sensitive anyway.  

After chugging the juice, we felt effects very quickly, probably within 20 mins. These effects gave us the  impression that we were in for a wild ride,  based on previous experience of large doses of LSD or MDMA. We had the familiar 'metallic achy jaw' feeling, so sat down and  waited for take-off.  We watched a movie while taking off, but it became clear that visual stimulation was not helping. Once we turned off the TV, however, the 'observation window' around us started to produce strange feelings. I will speak as to my individual experience.  I became very aware of my surroundings but with no 'sparkles', just clarity. Our favorite Herbie Hancock 'Headhunters' sounded very 'expanded' sonically, and 'Vein Melter' was more spatial than usual, and exceedingly pleasurable. Like a good blowjob.  

The big surprise was when I closed my eyes. Once I relaxed, I found myself looking deeper and deeper inside, and a stream of visions contorted in time to the music. I would not recommend rock 'n' roll, but etheral, atmospheric music for best effects. This is not a hard ride, but an interesting psyche exploration. My friend was fairly surprised when he experienced some scenes of indeterminate violence, but seemed comfortable and not a bit spooked. The waves were gentle and fairly mild, but like good surfers, we made the most of them, generally the timing was  dictated by the music. Tangerine Dream's ' Rubicon ' brought on some of the most wonderful, atmospheric visions I have had. I was blissing fairly hard while 'cactus' or 'nature' was 'growing'/'creating' before my very eyes. I remember feeling very comfortable lying on the floor, the sounds washing through my soul. Now I understand the 'song of the cactus'!  

I eventually fell asleep about 2am, but woke at five still tripping. eventually the effects were pretty much still going almost ten hours after dosing! No hangover, but I was useless the next day, almost dreamy, wistful, and totally at ease with the world.  A positive experience.  I had researched a fair bit, and found that the information was accurate dosage-wise, but I will try with 100% more to try to 'melt'. I feel comfortable with this leap. I would like to experiment with environment, as I became so sensitive to it.   I have decided to cultivate 'Pedro' my friend, and make ingestion a ritual and harvest on a basis to ensure my future supply.