I'll begin with my previous psychedelic experiences, which consist of a good variety of drugs and experiences. I have taken shrooms about 50-60 times, 2 LSD trips, 4 times on X, robofried about half a dozen times, Jimson Weed a few times and two previous San Pedro experiences. The two San Pedro trips involved eating about a foot of the cactus boiled down to two or three cups of nasty liquid. Both trips were relatively mild (Strong body high and closed eye visuals, but minor hallucinations). For this trip my roommate and I purchased a two foot Peruvian torch cactus as well as a two foot San Pedro. My plan was to eat a foot of Peruvian, while my roommate was to consume a foot of the San Pedro, his first experience with mescaline. We had the extra cactus as backup in case one of us didn't trip.

The mindset of this trip couldn't have been better, it was my first day of winter break after an awesome 4.0 semester, so my spirits were high. We had the house to ourselves and most neighbors were already headed home for the break. 

To prepare the cactus we removed the spines and skin and then cut the 1/4 inch or so of green material right under the skin to use. I ground a foot worth of green material from the Peruvian, mixed with about a cup of water...bad idea. This turned into the nastiest slime I'd ever seen, it was like two cups of mucus. I had to bite the cactus apart at the end of each sip to get it down. Never eat this shit without boiling or drying it first. 

Forty five minutes after I began to drink the cactus, I threw up everything, and it all came up in one slimy chunk. Two hours after eating the cactus my roommate was tripping, but I felt nothing, so I blended and boiled the remaining foot of San Perdo. I boiled the cactus for about 45 minutes, so it had been about three hours since I began to consume the Peruvian. I sat down to drink the two cups of San Pedro juice, which I mixed with Cranberry juice (good idea, this makes it a lot easier to drink). We smoked a few bowls and I began to feel some effects, even though I hadn't started to consume the San Pedro. I finished the two cups in about ten minutes and I was already fucked up. Even though I had puked out all of the Peruvian torch, I still must have had enough time to absorb all the mescaline from it, because I tripped balls for the next 14 hours. 

After finishing the San Pedro I was tripping, the ceiling and walls were moving and I felt a great body high. We decided to walk around the deserted campus. The visuals became greater and greater. Leaves on trees appeared to be in intracate geometric patterns, and I saw faces in all the brick walls of the different buildings. We sat down to watch the sunset for about fifteen minutes. Our thoughts were clear and we were able to have normal conversation even though I was tripping my brains out. We got up to walk home and I had a body high that was stronger than anything I had ever experienced on MDMA. My body was totally numb and I remember looking at my feet and not being able to understand how the fuck I could even walk. 

We walked back to the house to reappraise the situation, deciding to go to a movie theater. My roommate wasn't tripping that hard, but I was about to peak. The peak came when we were in the car driving to the movies. This had to have been about 5 hours after consuming the first cactus, but I'm not sure because I had no sense of time at this point. The visuals were better than anything I have ever seen on LSD or shrooms, and I have taken 8 or 9 grams at a time previously. I was seeing crazy shit I can't even describe, and the intensity was fucking amazing. The best part was the closed eye visuals...full on hallucinations of shit I had never even imagined before. Everything was 3D and changed rapidly, moving from wicked cartoons to other things I really can't describe.    

The intensity of this trip was the most amazing thing. I honestly felt the top of my head twice because I thought it had cracked open because of the thoughtflow I was having. This was the greatest experience I have ever had in 6 or 7 years of drug use. I couldn't even get up to walk into the movie theater and we had to go home. I reached a nice plateu after this that lasted through the night. I was able to go shopping for supplies I needed for an overseas trip the next day and go to the bar and meet friends. The open eye visuals had calmed down, but the body high and closed eye visuals remained through the night. I fell asleep and woke up the next day feeling excellent. Mescaline is the way to go, every other drug seems like nothing now, and I have no interest in LSD or shrooms any more. This was a spiritual high unequal to anything I've ever experienced, it blew my Bar Mitzvah right out of the water. This is a drug that more people need to do. I think the fact that I tripped so hard had something to do with consuming the cactus raw, but this is disgusting, so I suggest drying it out in a food dehyrator or a dark place.