I hate the name of this drug. Impossible for me to pronounce or spell.

Very appropriate.

A friend of a distant cousin brewed up a batch of this stuff... about 2 grams of it... and left it under a rock near my mailbox. While shoveling snow, I stumbled upon it and decided to check it out. It has the reputation of being 'extremely easy' to produce. The package under the rock also contained a note... here's the text:

'It is not nearly as easy to make as they say it is. Took me two sheets of algebra to get all the proportions correct. There are a number of glaring errors present in the internet published procedures, however, these did not become appearant until mathematical verification of said procedures was undertaken. Once these errors were discovered and corrected, the method did proceed pretty much as advertised. Even still, the methods had to be expanded upon to purify the product to acceptable standards. This is pure synthetic chemistry and even if it looks simple, it requires much attention to detail and considerably more skill than one might expect... enjoy!'

So, evidently, he had to really sit down and think about what exactly he was doing rather than simply toss a bunch of shit in a flask and get high. But, at any rate, when I opened the bag, I was greeted by a white crystaline substance that really didn't have much smell... just a hint of an ice cream-like odor. Quite unusual, but very faint. I put the stuff on the desk and went to bed.

Friday morning, I got up at 7 and eagerly put a bit in a glass dick and smoked it.

Wow. The taste was wonderful! Similar to methamphetamine, but utterly and completely different at the same time. No chemical taste whasoever. This stuff tasted yummy! And I mean, it truly did taste good.

I waited for the rush.

None was forthcoming.

I smoked more.

No rush.

What the fuck???

I didn't feel much of anything for a bit...

Then it started creeping on me...

But this was not coke or meth. This was something utterly alien to me.

Energy. Lots of it. But not euphoric. Just energy. 

I started cleaning. But not the way I do on meth. Not focused but by no means 'schitzoid' either. I just noticed that my office was a disaster area and I wanted all that shit cleaned up. So I did.

But it still wasn't what I wanted. It didn't feel good! Just energetic.

Well... fuck. I know how to get a rush.

Went into the john and injected about 10 mg in my arm IV. That should do it.

Mild rush. Brief sensation of wanting to puke. Good... that's more like it.

But still... no real euphoria like meth or coke. wtf???

So, I went an cleaned some more...

Got bored with that and decided to see how it was with sex. 

Nobody around to do it with except Mary and Her 5 Sisters.  

Wow. I absolutely have to include this because it was one of the more bizarre things that's ever happened to me... The stuff absolutely and utterly prevented me from getting an erection. Tried every trick in the book, but it was impossible. But, I had an orgasm anyway!!! Not once but twice within 5 minutes of each other, I orgasmed with a completely limp dick!  weirdest goddamned thing that's ever happened to me in my life. for real! After the first time, I just lay there on the bed looking at my body in utter disbelief. So, I tried it again. Same result. I could do nothing but laugh after the second time!

And, as I was to find out over the next 24 hours or so, this kind of bizarre effect seemed to typify methcathinone... I went through the entire two grams in about 20 or so hours, although I did share some (about 1/4 grams) with my friend.

All the published reports claim that the stuff makes you unfocused and crazy. Absolutely not my experience at all. I got lots and lots of things done that day. Productive things that have needed to be done for ages. Intellectual functioning did not seem impaired at all. Was able to perform complex repairs on a truck, build shelves in my house, etc. Didn't attempt any higher mathematics or anything like that, but I think I could have done so just fine had the need arisen.

As a sex drug, it could be seriously good if you're a woman or the kind of gay man I am. For straight guys... forget it. The worst cock killer drug I've ever used! Hundreds of times worse in that respect than meth or coke.  But it doesn't kill the desire (it actually heightens desire)... just the physical ability to get it up! I'd characterize it as anti-Viagra from Hell!

No, it definitely has profound sexual effects... at 5 in the morning, after 22+ hours on it, I had an orgasm that I thought was going to kill me. Most intense of my entire life... lasted for well over 5 minutes and bordered on a seizure. I completely blacked out for a couple of seconds, found myself 'on the ceiling' looking down at my naked body on the bed below, went back into my body, saw rainbow-like colors everywhere... it was so intense that I genuinely thought I was going to die for a time. It just went on and on and on and on, but finally subsided... Unlike anything I've ever experienced.

But, it does have an ugly side. I did not notice any heinous psychological side effects like coke or meth... but throughout the experience, I felt aches in my muscles... mostly in my upper back... the sort of ache that comes when I'm under severe stress. This tells me that the stuff is seriously hard on the body but I don't really understand why or how or exactly in what way. Also, I'd periodically suffer from cold chills and such.

I was finally able to sleep at around 7:30 the next morning. When I awakened around noon, my body hurt like I'd been run over by a train. I wasn't sure I'd be able to even stand up I was so sore. But no depression like comes from meth or coke. No headache, no nausea, none of that stuff, just extreme lethargy and fatigue.

They claim this stuff to be exceedingly addictive. I cannot see how. It is fascinating, bizarre, sometimes fun... it tasted really good smoked. It has an OK rush when injected or rectally administered (yeah, I tried that, too...), but the rush seemed best when smoked (I had to hold the smoke for a very long time to feel it, though...). It burns as bad as meth when I snort it. The sexual effects are profoundly intense but frustrating at the same time. It does not seem to impair intellectual functioning or the ability to be productive. But it simply does not produce the euphoria that makes a stimulant attractive to me. I have no desire to use it again anytime soon. None. And I am an individual with a long and gruesome history of stimulant abuse (methamphetamine mainly... I love coke too, but it reacts to my system in a similar manner to methcathinone in that I get completely sick of it after a short time and put it away....). Oh... and unlike other stimulants, this one did not much suppress my desire to eat. I became ravenously hungry after being on it for 10 hours or so... Yes... it reminds me more of coke than meth. But its not as good as either. The euphoria is there but I have to work to see it.

I can characterize it as nothing other than confusing and bizarre. Grossly overrated in its addiction potential (for me, anyway...). Major body load that the drug's effects don't entirely mask. Hard comedown, but primarily physical... and pretty short-lived. (I felt fine the next day after being up for a few hours...) 

Best method of administration seemed to be smoking it. After slamming it 3 or 4 times, I realized that any increase in onset gained by using that method simply did not justify the pain and hassle of the injection. 

It seems to last about 3 or 4 hours before the need to redose is felt again... I can't give accurate dosing information because I simply could not ever get a handle on the shit. The effects are subtle and hard to pin down. Even injected, the onset was a creeper effect more than a 'slam' like coke or meth. Not knowing the drug and unable to find any dosing information on the net, I proceeded with extreme caution in dosing... especially when I injected it (only 10 mg the first time). On some level, I could detect that this drug has an ability to kill similar to cocaine but that is based on long, long experience with my body and stimulants. I don't quite know how to express this in any sort of scientific manner. I could just tell that I'd better be careful with this shit... like it made my blood pressure go up way, way faster than meth --- the way coke can. But I don't have a blood pressure cuff so I can't give numbers... It never scared me upon administration but my body did tell me to be careful...

It is among the strangest drugs I've ever used. I can recommend neither for it nor against it. Personally, in the final analysis, I was dissapointed in it and really don't much want to use it again. Not that it was bad or scary. By no means like the dreaded datura or anything like that. It didn't render me insane nor did it make me socially useless. The reports on the net did not really match my experience with it... I mean now having used it myself, I can see where the authors were coming from, but again, this is seriously strange shit that is hard to pin down...

It just wasn't my thing...