It was a cozy and rainy night, and we had planned to go off to a mountaintop to view the Leonid meteor storm, but my levitation skills are a bit rusty.....so we get out the little packet from over the ocean which a friend had so kindly given us, dig out the Pihkal and read the scanty accounts provided. (Seems that Pihkal sees 2ct2 as an inferior (though ok) version of 2ct7 - prayers are sent to the chemistry gods for that one....) 

24 mg Oral 2C-T-2 240 lb person 
20 mg Oral 2C-T-2 150 lb person

Put a little herb on the table in case the GI tract decides to get bumpy - though a little pre-queasy for a couple of hours, didn't need to apply the herbal remedy for nausea.

Slow coming on, took an hour to feel anything at all, and 2 hours to get really into it. Then a visit to all of my current issues, becoming aware of the feelings for each issue yet oddly more like thinking about the feelings rather than experiencing them. Uncomfortable, cuz the issues are uncomfortable. My partner did likewise, but not much discussion.

Finally out of issues.

Then 3 - 4 hours of intense discussion of all aspects of our lives and relationship. Ayn Rand would have been proud of us! A very clear laser like objectivity, deeply truthful, cleansed of all emotions and yet in no way obscured. We talked about EVERYTHING....

I had done an acid journey a couple of weeks earlier, with a number of incomplete processes as a result. 2ct2 cleared these up most emphatically.

Some musings.....


Don't bother with lower doses. Take 2.5 - 3 of the 8mg tablets (20 - 24mg).
Tarot card is Justice.
This is not a rave material, unlikely to be of any use alone or with people who are not fully trusted. Your significant Other is the best bet.
If at all possible, be sure you and your companion are well versed in handling your own processes.
Sadly, the instructions on the packet are basically useless. Also, I have the feeling that the current marketing totally misses the point, and think this item will not be around for long. Get it while you can, folks.
To be used rarely. Say once a year. Perhaps at midnight on Halloween, the crossing point from illusion to rebirth....
Aside from slight GI effects, no body load was noticed beyond needing some sleep the next day.
Not sensory or sensuous. Not sexual, not visionary, very little 'stoned' feeling.