I'm prompted to write this message due to my own experience of one week ago.

Now, given that my daily intake of alcohol is higher than average, thus my tolerance quite good, I could never have prepared myself for what happened on re-entry to Thailand (my home for the past five years).

Though I would normally sleep well on long distance flights, last week I returned from the UK and chose to catch up on all the latest movies/tv shows on board. Downing several small bottles of wine over the 2 6.5hr journeys, I was no more than a little 'happy'. That is, until around 30mins before arrival at Bangkok. I remember checking the eta on the overhead tv screen and then....................NOTHING! The next I know, I'm waking up in my condo, 6 hrs after arrival, 1hr from the airport.

I simply have no recollection of the 6hrs between. This has disturbed me considerably, so uncharacteristic of my behaviour and will haunt me for a while to come.

I received a call on my mobile the next day from an English chap I've never met before. He claims all sorts of worrying behaviour. Apparently I was falling all over the place, I'd abused many Thai officials, had cursed anybody who approached me or my bags and, probably the biggest mistake of all, I'd emptied all my bags in the taxi rank at the airport. Emptying all my valuables and several thousands of pounds (sterling) from my bags, in full view of all the taxi drivers. I've lived here long enough to know that you simply don't do that in SE Asia. Too many people are living hand-to-mouth, it is not uncommon for Nationals to conspire together for instant financial relief.

This may only be of concern to me but I would like to know if others have heard of anything similar before. @ 35yrs old I've been drunk a thousand times before but this? I never felt in the slightest bit drunk, then instantly lost 6hrs of my day. Surely this has something to do with the cabin pressure as there were no warning signs for me, just an instant shut down???????

This may not be the grittiest of stories but I do think others need to be aware of this case, so that they don't rely upon the luck that I had. I could have awoken in a cell, a gutter or a hospital and in desperate need to return to UK for having lost everything. In fact, I was lucky! But would hate to put that to the test again. To anyone who reads this, please moderate your alcohol intake in the air.

My paranoia is now subsiding a little. My ability to sleep at night is improving and I'm drinking very conservatively now.