I've done Salvia a couple times but this was something I didn't expect, and will be carried with me for the rest of my concious life. I remember taking the hit, and it's effects were almost immediate, because I don't remember anything happening between the hit, and the experience.

I first remember this perspective being forced upon me.  I don't know exactly why, but I remember resisting it's power and what I was about to experience (My friend/babysitter advsd me after the fact that I was motioning with my arms as if I was pushing something away).  I suddenly began struggling for control, in a dualistic battle between 2 separate subjective opinions with equal strength.  This is not an unusual characteristic of a psychadelic experience for me.  I usually end up struggling to decide which opposite I will side with, to make a decision that I can never put into words later on.

After this stage, the effects had completely taken over, and I had no choice but to endure a journey I will never completely understand.

My friend, told me after returning to base line, he observed me speaking in gibberish, and desperately repeating the word 'Therrodian', or 'Therodian'.  A word I have never used before, and after research discovered there is no such concept or word.

I remember there was a feeling of timelessness in this realm I have visited, and I am viewing this place through my Souls eye.  This didn't feel like an abtract place at the time and was accepted and observed as truth.  I found it entertaining that this was my death, and the world where I was from is not only insignificant, but only a mere possibility.

In timelessness I floated about in a circular manner observing a single point from where all reality stems.  This infinitely small point suddenly began to multiply.  Sort of seperating out and multiplying before me, resembling the way a pie looks cut into pieces.  Eventually every possibility simultaneously exists, and I was given the gift of a perspective capable of observing it.  It was not a crowded view, but simply a beautiful landscape of infinite realities.

Not paying any thought to the fact that I have a life to live, and an existence with obligations and responsibilities, I've accepted this existence somewhere within everything.

What happens next is where possibilites from this matrix start to dissapear.  I start losing the sight that I had gained.  I would prefer to stay but I start to realize I'm coming back to my reality.  Potential/alternate realities start to cease existance from my view more rapidly.  I fear that all that is in this world will soon be lost, and is my responsibility to take it back with me.  'Therrodian' it is called.  Eventually there are fewer, and fewer possibilities, until there is only one possibility.

The reality I am initially from.

This was quite troubling because for the first hour, I had a difficult time accepting the fact that of everything I had just experienced, this is the reality that I'm limitted to perceiving.

Not that I am unhappy, but I strongly felt at this point that just being human is a severe limitation.  I believed, and still possibly believe, that there are some truths from this experience, and I was given a preview of something we can't naturally observe.  

-Jonathan