So, I recently ordered some poppy seeds, and have began to cultivate them. I guess it is the right time of the year, because within a week they sprouted all over my planter box, the poppies are almost 2' tall already! Looking at the poppies growing, I realized it would be some time before I could enjoy some latex in a pipe. I subsequently located some quality dried pods, online. 

After obtaining the pods, I crushed up the 5 largest in a blender. Using a double-boiler, I added the crushed pods a mixture of: 3/4 cup water, 1.5oz 95% ethanol (Clear Spring) and 500mg of Vitamin C (ground tab). The mixture was then steeped in the double-boiler for 1 hour, with the lid on. Using a large mason jar, and a strip of cotton t-shirt, I strained the mixture. After cooling more, I used my hand to squeeze the plant material in the t-shirt. 

The resulting brown liquid was put back into the now cleaned double-boiler, with the lid off. I slowly simmered the liquid until it thickened and most of the moisture was gone. I scraped what I could out of the pan, and put it on a plate. I swallowed two small chunks, and tried to smoke some out of a pipe. The O did not smoke too well, possibly not dry enough. After an hour, and a few glasses of bourbon, I felt 'ok', nothing more than a vicodin or two. 

So there were 5 more pods left, and a pan with some left over sticky residue. I repeated the above mentioned process, strained the plant material out, and returned to the double-boiler. Eventually most of the water evaporated, I then scraped about 2-3grams of tar from the pan. With no more pods left, I decided to add 1 1/2 cups of water to the pan. After the sticky tar dissolved in the water, I put it into a coffee mug, and set it in the fridge. 

In a couple of hours, I smoked a joint of some good Cannabis. Finding myself a little bored, I slithered to the fridge and exumed my cool cup of tea. The cup of tea was about half full (optimist :), and had a residue on the bottom. I drank the tea fast, and chased it quickly with cold water. The bitter taste lingered, so I took a half-shot of bourbon. 

An hour goes by, nothing felt besides the lingering Cannabis high. Two hours go by, I feel no more THC effects, however I start to get a bit nauseated. I go to the toilet to vomit, but nothing comes out. I gag, still producing no spew. I now realized I felt the effects of opium, similar to liquid Morphine I have had before. The effects were much stronger than taking percocet pills. I started to get very sleepy, and could barely keep my eyes open. I found myself half asleep, and half awake, a very strange sensation. The effects were so strong, I pondered the possibility of an overdose, I didn't want to fall asleep and not wake up. I drank some caffenated soda, and watched tv for a bit, fell back asleep. I kept waking up, wanting to feel the effects and not just sleep them off. During the periods of being awake, I was itchy, and slightly nauseated. 

After initially being disappointed with eating the chunks, I found the tea to work much better. I now have approx 2g of tar left, that has dried much more. The tar has now turned a dark, dark brown, almost redish/black. I am going to try smoking the O in a glass tube with a mini-butane torch to see if the effects are as good, and cause less nausea.