A while back I was having a very small party at my house and decided that it would be a good time to get some coke.  Me and a friend when in together on a half gram.  My friend went to his dealer who was a pretty secretive guy.  Instead of asking straight out for coke my friend went the 'You got any'sniff sniff.  His dealer fixed him up with the only sniff sniff he had.  Sure it was white and powdery it had to be coke.  When he got to my house we weighed it and it said 1 gram.  We called his dealer and told him of his mistake and he said not to worry about it that it was his mistake.  Hell yeah bonus.  Now instead of a quaterpaper of 'coke' each we had a half each.

The first sign we got was the unusual amount of burning but it still didn't dawn on us and we passed it off to a cutting substance.  Mini thins or loricet we thought.  Over the night we got about 6 good size lines apiece.  We thought nothing of it because we've finished an eight ball in a night easy I was beyond coke fucked up.  Wow this is some great shit I thought.  We partied and talked all night.

Finally at 7 am they all left.  Which left just me and my wife.  Feeling a bit frisky I wanted to finish the night with a bang.  I found myself very frustrated when I saw Mr. Winky wasn't waking up.  Odd I thought.  Oh well I can get laid another time.  It still hadn't dawned on me.  My wife fell asleep but I was bright eyed and bushy tailed.  About noon the next day my friends wife called and asked if I had slept and I said no.  Neither had my buddy.  I was getting kind of nervous now and had my friend call his dealer.  The dealer informed him that when he sniff sniffed he thought he wanted meth as that was all he dealt with besides weed.  WOW.  I had never done that much meth before.  It wasn't a bad experience except coming down of course in which the bare thought of food made me wanna gag.  The moral of this story is that there are many different kinds of sniff sniff out there.  What I thought was coke was actually something a lot more potent.