This experience describes an initial experience of four people; two of which had also been on prescribed antidepressants.

10 mg doses were prepared for oral ingestion.  Within several minutes (T+ 10-20m) the two not on medication came up with considerable underlying nausea, managable but pronounced. 

Aat T+40m a female (120 lbs) rose very quickly, experiencing extreme sensory 'fuzz,' auditory and visual disturbance, and nausea. She eventually found herself unable to talk until T+ 90-115m. During the experience she was unable to communicate or move, other than through the use of her eyes. She did not display distress and afterward described it as having her face covered by skin, keeping her mouth closed. Her primary experience of the trip lasted under 3 hours. The second individual, a male of about 130lbs, experienced a quick rise, enjoyable tactile and sensory waves and varying periods of mental clarity. His complete experience was enjoyable, with strong visual and auditory disturbance. He also smoked salvia at T=4hrs with great effect.

The third person experienced GREAT difficulty.  She took the same 10mg oral dose, but was also on Wellbutrin (prescribed). At T+ 40 she experienced very strong auditory disturbance, i.e. the pitch of music was terribly exagerated, and she had a sensitivity to volume. MOST IMPORTANTLY, she began to experience excruciating chest pains. The feeling was described as having the heart squeezed, without an ability to gain breath. The pain was both consistent and persistent. Her difficulty lasted about 4 hours (until T+ 5hr). At times, her pulse dropped to about 52 b/m, she had occasional muscle 'spasms/convulsions'(she said because the pain was so unbearable), and was weak. We kept her awake and attentive, gave her cola--in case it was gas--and asked her if she would receive medical attention, to which she vehemently resisted. At T+ 3.5hr her pulse reached 82b/m but pain took longer to subside. There was no pain following the experience.

The fourth person, a male of about 130lbs, was also on lexapro, (escitalopram, an SSRI) (30mgs). None of the effects were experienced as strongly as any of the other people. As luck would have it, this person's muted trip was helpful in responding to #3's bad reaction. We also called two sober individuals to monitor the situation in case #3 became worse.

In summary, what we thought was a relatively low dose based on readings and research, did not turn out to be so. Three of the individual had strong reactions, one with frightening pain. Subsequent research revealed that a rare side effect of Wellbutrin is irregular heart beat and other heart and breathing issues. Also, looking into other methoxy susbtances revealed common complications with the heart and respiratory system. Please approach Wellbutrin and 5-MeO-DIPT with caution.