Saturday night 08:30 PM me and 4 friends head off for a nice and quiet evening near a big lake. First things first, we had to get the fire going. Right afterwards, I decided to pop my 4-Acetoxy-MiPT capsule. Initial effects were felt after about 20 minutes. In many ways the come-up could be compared to my earlier shroom-trips, but with less body-load. Also the waves felt different, probably due to the stimulating aspect.

When I felt the peak coming on, I - being the stoner that I am - had to smoke a haze-joint. Pretty much instantly I had to lie down. Looking at a sky full of stars, I had my glasses on, and noticed that when looking straight through them I saw beams of light/stars/tracers entering my vision.  Also we were discussing the different stars present, but I really couldn't tell the patterns my friends were talking about. Not that I wasn't seeing any, hehe.

Next stop on my 4-Acetoxy-MiPT adventure : CEV's. I closed my eyes and could feel all my bodily functions extremely clear. Short after the CEV's were coming on. I was mainly floating through fluo tunnels at extreme pace.(this I always see when tripping or rolling) Later on in my trip, I decided to go for a walk, which was very
nice. The moon was a nice orange color (really !) and I felt like I could almost touch it. I was definitely feeling the 'altogether.'

My most beloved effect of most psychedelics. Near the end of the trip I had another smoke which got me back up a bit again. It made me think about the concept fate, which I guess is something I believe in or definitely want to believe in. Life is a ride that can be fucking awful at times, but then again I need to learn to focus on the right things and see them in perspective.

One negative point, but not due to 4AcO-MiPT. I think I caught a cold ; being dressed for summer again. Always happens whenever I see a couple of rays on sunshine. But anyway, it was a really nice experience. I'm looking forward to trip on this wonderful chemical in daylight, because of the nice visual effects.