Well, this was the first time I'd done a strong psychadelic - the only other had been mushrooms (in low doses, at that).  I was with two friends who had taken it before, so I was reassured that all would most likely be just fine.  For good measure, we each did 3-4 grams of GHB to start, which would help the foxy 'come up' without any alarm.  We started by doing 12mg of the foxy (capsule) each, but after 45 minutes we inhaled another 8mg each.  

For the first half hour or so, I just felt the GHB.  We decided to go for a walk through town, near my apartment to stimulate our minds.  Almost as soon as we started on our little journey, visual effects instantly appeared.  Wow!  I thought the entire storefront of a florist's was an aquarium, until my friends politely pointed out that was NOT in fact the case :)  We had a good laugh, and found our company together quite enjoyable.  In fact, we were so at ease that we purposely made fun of our mental state, and wondered just WHAT those around us must have been thinking.  Extremely enjoyable, however it was starting to become a little chilly.  

We arrived back at my apartment perhaps 15 minutes later.  I thought that it must have been about 2am (we had dosed at 9pm).  A quick look at my clock shocked me - it was only 10pm - we had been gone a mere hour!  It was at this point that I realized it was time to unplug all of my phones, and turn off all pagers and all contact with the outside world ;)  

For the next few hours, I had some hilarious and interesting conversations with my fellow foxy-fiends.  We started to watch Home Improvement (don't ask.. I think it was the first thing to come on TV) but we were unable to coherently follow it, as the film would seem alternately sped up, then slowed down.  It was at this point that I decided to try and write down some of my thoughts.  The best description I could come up with at the time was to call it the 'all dressed of drugs'.  I was experiencing visuals, feeling slight euphoria (such as experienced with MDMA.. although this could be in part from the GHB taken earlier) and an abundance of energy.  No negative stomach trouble, thankfully.  Decided to turn the TV off, and crank some MP3s.. I believe we listened to some trance and acid.. perfect!  Definately enhanced the euphoric side of things.  

Sometime around 1am or 2am, my friends had to get back home.. I bid them farewell and thanked them greatly for the experience.  Much to my delight, I was still quite intoxicated :)   I started to play Unreal Tournament.. absolutely amazing.  I thought I was IN the game, it was so unbelievably REAL!  Like a few other users have reported, it seemed as though some sounds effects in the game appeared to be lower, as though they had been pitched down.  Very strange effect, I wonder why that happens?   

I must have played the game for literally a few hours.  I played flawlessly.. I reacted (in the game) as though I really *was* being shot at, and acted as skillfully as I would have in reality to save my life!  Very enjoyable :)   At this point I could feel that I was coming back to earth, and decided to lay down.  It was quite difficult to fall asleep - but I managed to do so before dawn arrived.

I will most certainly try this drug again - there is no doubt in my mind!

S