My husband and I have been together 10 years and married 7 of them. We have one child and have had a pretty okay marriage until we started having major communication problems the last couple of years. Our marriage was definitely drifting apart and we were going into two different roads. I am 29 years old and was raised to say no to drugs and that sort of thing. I never drank or even smoked cigarettes. My husband grew up doing all that and trying different things so we always had issues about that, but I learned to accept him for who he is. Well, a friend of his suggested that we go out in a group and do some E at a rave club one weekend. He thought that it would be good for us to go out (something we hadn't done in forever) and for me to see what my husband was talking about and experience the same feelings he had together. At first I was scared to do it since it went against all my beliefs, but I figured that my husband wouldn't give me something that was very bad. I decided to do it.

On our way to the club, we smoked a joint and dropped the pill. It was about 10pm when I swallowed the pill and I was anxious to feel these feelings that everyone was talking about. We got to the club and I drank a Kamikaze shot and was feeling the music, when suddenly I felt my whole body start to tingle. I could feel the music inside my body and this euphoric feeling enveloped my whole soul. I had never felt this great before in my life! My husband looked at me and said,' Do you see now what I've been talking about, baby?' He took me to the dance floor and we danced for hours. He made sure I drank water and took care of me all night long. When we kissed, it was just awesome and I will never forget the massage he gave me. At one point, we sat down and talked like we used to long time ago. We talked about everything and bonded our souls that night. Since then, we respect each other and are so much in love that people think we are newly weds or something. We go out more often now, but only do E once a month. All I have to say is that this drug opened my mind and saved my marriage. It took me a long time, but I am glad that I decided to try it. It is a great feeling of escape once in a while and I am glad that I got to try it with the person I love most in this world! The future looks great again.