I had experienced Salvia before, so I was only slightly apprehensive about the idea of giving it another go.  All my past trips were in a recreational setting, which I feel is a complete waste of this plant.  This time, however, I decided to lay down in a darkened room and allow myself to fall into it.  A small water pipe was loaded, and the pipe was smoked in one inhalation.  As I held in the smoke, I laid back and closed my eyes.  Upon exhaling, I began to notice the effects.

The first thing I noticed was that my body was falling away, or my consciousness was traveling upward.  This was very strange, as I've never had an out of body experience before.  As this was happening, I completely lost touch with the idea of being in a room, and I was totally immersed in the trip.  There's really no way to describe how profound this can be.  I think it was Nietzsche who first asked 'Where am I from, and where am I going?'  How irrelivant this question is when we have yet to define what 'I' is.  The concept of self is much larger than the silly little corner of consciousness that we call reality.  We are but gardeners, caretakers of the flesh.  For years we have been looking for life in the universe, but the true alien voice exists not without.  The alien mode that we so desperatly search for occurs only within.

As I ascended away from my body, I soon noticed that I was not alone.  I was surrounded by what appeared to be little gnomes, or elves!  The place I was in was something right out of a cartoon, with these little people dancing around in a circle, and rejoicing at my presence.  There were gingerbread houses and candycane lampposts, and everything had a sort of soft texture to it like foam rubber.  Incredible!  I have never seen anything like this on any substance or in any dream.  Usually I just get some movement, or bending or at the most a few fractals.  Even on a high dose mushroom trip I consider myself lucky if I see many trails.

Now, these little guys were very strange looking indeed.  They had square shoulders, straight arms, a jacket with two rows of buttons, a square head with pointed hat, and no faces.  They had beards, elven ears and a nose, but no mouth or eyes!  As they danced around in a circle, I could feel their benevolance.  Their joy.  This was a very good place indeed, and it seemed to be more real than waking life.  The vast expanse of it made ordinary consciousness seem like a dark corner in some back alley of the mind.  Everything was so clear, and so grand.  There was perfect peace, and understanding.  It became clear to me that the body is just a shell that is being cared for by the mind.  The other place that I saw seemed to be as real as this life. 

After some time, I heard a noise coming from far below me, it was like a wheezing sound.  The elves informed me that my body needed attention, so I told it to cough, and it did.  Then it swallowed, and the wheezing stopped.  This was very strange because I never felt myself cough.  I simply told my body to do so and it did.  Not long after this, I began to slowly sink down, until I was left sitting just above my body, maybe three inches above my eyes.  Now I could feel myself breathing again, and I lifted my eyelids just a crack to see if I was where I thought I was.  My room greeted me, and I allowed my eyes to close again.  I stayed in this state for some time, just reflecting on my trip, and marveling at how real it all was.  When I decided to sit up, I was still feeling a bit off, and some lovely translucent ripples were moving across the walls.

This trip was the single most profound experience I have ever had.  For some time afterwards, I was convinced that this elf land really existed, and I'm still not completely sure it doesn't.  I will definatly take salvia again, there is still so much to explore.