For months I've been attempting to find acid and running into various problems each week which prevents me from obtaining any. However this week my friend E was fortunate to get me and another friend M, 8.5 tabs. I planned to take mine the night of M's friend's quinceanera. It was extremely difficult to get through the long party as we were anxious to trip. This would be my first time unlike my friends.

There was much confusion as to where we would be taking the tabs and at first attempted to find a hotel suite and have fun living lives similar to those in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. However we fell short of money and ended up going to one of M's family member's trailers. The trailer park was a very unpleasant place to be in which made me nervous as to whether it would affect my trip. So before starting out, the set and setting were no where near perfect and I was reluctant to eat 2 tabs around midnight. I sold the other one to someone at the trailer who was already drunk and he took it not knowing hardly anything about LSD.

About 15 minutes in I began to feel light-headed and smoked some herb to intensify the trip when it came. Later we walked into one of the rooms and lied on the bed looking at the ceiling watching it wave and the stucco was shifting around. We then sat and watched MTV waiting for the plateau. Several of the people in the trailer left at this time including the person we sold the tab to. The colors on the TV show began seeming brighter and changing. This slowly became noticeable across the entire room. After a while the colors of the curtains and sofas were constantly changing from red to yellow to green. We laughed at everything and mostly about this very drunk guy sitting in a chair playing ps2 the entire time and not communicating with anyone even if they called his name.

An hour later, when I had reached my peak, my friends' faces began to morph and their eyes spun around while I watched them. Their nostrils, mouth, and eyes all had a different color to them. At this point I was anxious to look at myself in the mirror because I was always told it was a bit shocking. This wasn't the case for me and I found it funny because I looked like a baby. We ventured outside with the sky constantly changing colors and strange effects of the moon's light shining through the trees. When it came time to come in I ran towards the house for no reason and felt as if I was going much faster than I really was. I also pretended something was chasing me and became scared.

Back inside was just as trippy as before with everything always seeming to move and the dangling light adding to the effect. The music coming from the video game made no sense and I was hardly able to recognize some songs I was familiar with and the sound seemed to be coming in like waves. The person playing it eventually got up and started talking to the dogs which made us crack up. At one point he turned around and asked "Have them dogs been fed yet?" which was even funnier. We began thinking of how we were in someone's house we barely knew and everything was very confusing. There was a constant feeling throughout my body as if someone poured wax or a sticky substance everywhere. Everything I touched felt like a new feeling and is quite unexplainable. 

It seemed impossible to me how anyone could have a bad trip and I thought that I would be able to handle it if it ever happened. I started to experiment and tried thinking scary thoughts. I watched M lying on the sofa and his body turned into a corpse with rotting skin and dislocated eyes. This image became stuck in my head and I was terrified for a second but then was able to laugh about it. The bad images seemed to hit me harder when we turned out the lights. Both my friends thought it was time to rest and fell asleep, leaving me by myself to experience the come down of the trip. 

This part was almost the opposite of the coming up. I began noticing the sounds that weren't there and re-heard many of the things my friends had said to me that night such as "Now you know what LSD is like." Sitting on the couch I really began to notice how my senses were all blended together and each feeling seemed related to sight or sound. Simple tasks such as unlocking a door and opening it were challenging and took much longer than normal. Walking outside for a second time I felt as if I was my friend E for some odd reason and began acting like him. Looking at the ground and letting my eyes wander I saw my friend M's face scattered everywhere with a big smile as if he was laughing at me. I looked across the backyard and noticed a person forming out of a few objects I was unfamiliar with. I then tried to interact with this hallucination and beckoned it. It looked towards me and then walked in my direction but I lost focus on it. 

It was time for rest although it was impossible to sleep because when I closed my eyes the fear really started hitting me and I thought up disgusting images in my head. These were things much worse than anything I've seen in reality, and I love to look at disgusting things on the internet. Watching the walls I observed the breathing which resembled eyes and mouths and soon I was seeing little people trapped on the wall. This was very fascinating and I noticed the refrigerator opening its mouth and talking to me although I didn't hear its voice. Babies crying, my friends' voices, and the running water all overwhelmed my hearing and for a while I thought I would be schizophrenic afterwards. The fear was still attacking me and I saw gruesome images wherever I looked however getting up and moving seemed to get me thinking about something else. I battled this temporary insanity until the end, not sleeping the entire night.

That morning and throughout the majority of the part of the next day I was still having trouble concentrating and felt confused. I watched the drunk ps2 guy watching MTV's Punk'd and was listening to Shannon Elizabeth say "First we're doing Letterman, then the View, and then Regis and Kelly." He then said "So is she gonna fuck them?" My friends and I wondered what became of the person we sold the tab to. Did the fear overwhelm him for not knowing what was happening to him?

When I got home I felt completely depressed. School was ending in 3 weeks and everything was going right but nonetheless it was the worst emotional feeling ever. This was definitely the worst part which is why I don't think I will ever experiment with LSD again. Tripping was very different from how I expected it as it was MUCH more fast paced. In my opinion it was worth a try just to see how freaky my brain can get and it gave me a different opinion on reality and the human mind.