My friends and I decided to hit a party out in the stix.  I mean this guys house was located between a rock and a tree.  It was a half hour drive till we got there, and we went straight to business.  I dosed some zoomers; while I waited for them to kick in(usually takes about an hour with shrooms) I smoked several bowls.  After a while the shrooms started to kick in, having never experienced a good high with shrooms, I was feeling good: spaced out, calm and peaceful.  

It was late August, and it gets quite chilly at night so we wandered around to find 2 guys rolling a doob in their car.  We got in and they agreed to a mutual session.  I had a J in my hand and we hotboxed the car.  Just as we put out the roach, the guy rolling sparked his J.  I had noticed when we got in that his weed looked rancid: putrid brown with ooze seeping.  It looked literally like sh*t.  Not being one to argue, I accepted my turn and passed it on.  The joint was well rolled and the 5 of us got 2 or 3 good hits each before it was done.

We got our of the car when we could no loger breathe, I thanked the guys and asked what was up with that rancid weed.  The guy said he was sorry he didnt tell us before, it was Angels Dust, a.k.a PCP.  Oh well, I thought, at least well trip pretty hard.  This was my first experience with the drug and I had no idea what was coming.  It never hit me like a ton of bricks like other stories in the vault.  I just started to get the fear.  I always get the fear when on drugs.  It's just the way I am, however I am used to it and I know nothing is likely to happen, but still, I get this crazy rush of adrenaline/sickness to my stomach.  Not unlike that feeling all kids get when called down to the principal's office in elementry school.  I am positive that my life will end, or I'm acting a fool and everyone's staring at me. Or the cops are gonna lock me up for being on drugs.  PCP made me hallucinate these and even more disturbing scenarios.  I would get all worked up, feel like crawling in a hole to die, then I realize that I'm hallucinating.  At one point, I could have sworn that I was being abducted by aliens.  Terrible things were happening about me.  I was rationalizing everything at the speed of light just to keep my sanity, convincing myself that I was on the ride of my life, those demons everywhere are just normal people, just as high and confused as me.  

It got worse.  I started mumbling incoherently at people.  I hallucinated that some guy said something unclearly.  I walked up to him and said, 'Pardon?'  He just gave me a dirty look and took another slug of beer.  As we were outside, there was a huge bonfire.  The flames formed faces in my mind.  Evil, twisted, they taunted, cackled and writhed in agony.  I hallucinated everyone running into the forest, screaming.  Cops I thought.  I told my friends that its time we high tailed it.  They asked why, I just said, 'Look!'  Pointed at people running, to find that everything was back to normal.  

These hallucinations and more scared me to death, but I eventually grew decencitized to the adrenaline, the fear, as the PCP wore off.  I was eventually left with a warm tingling as the mushrooms were still running strong.

The overall effect was bizzarre.  At no point did I black out.  In fact I felt rational in a world of chaos.  The effects of the PCP were almost entirely perceptual, occasionally I lost touch with sanity, but only for a monent at a time, at the peak of the high.  The rest of the time I felt like I was on another planet, with aliens.  I felt out of place, everyone was staring at me.  I was just trying to fit in, but the harder I tried, the more out of place I felt.  That was the dominant theme of my fear that night.

PCP is a very dangerous drug.  It is unpredictible.  If I ever contemplate doing it again, I will be sure to seal myself in a safe environment.  Minimalize my chance of hurting myself, or getting busted.  Even then, considering the stories in this vault, I might get a buddy to lock me up for 6 hours with tripping materials(Music, black lights, strobe lights and the movie Fear and loathing in las vegas.)