[Erowid Note: 
The dose described in this report is very high, potentially beyond Erowid's 'heavy' range, and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.]

Before I was going to try speed for the first time, I read all the information and trip reports on some harm reduction websites. I am always careful and have never had any problem with drugs in my seven years as a (light) drug user. 
 
I decided that snorting 0.2 g would be a good dose and maybe 0.1 g more if I didn't get high enough. I took 0.05 every fifteen minutes but after having snorted the 0.2 g not much happened. After T+90 minutes I took the other 0.1 g. I started to feel a nice high but I felt like taking more would be a good idea. I snorted an additional 0.25 g during the next two hours and started to feel GREAT!! I had the most wonderful evening ever and snorted more speed everynow and then, even thoguh I had decided beforehand only to do a maximum of 0.3 g. 

Then at T+12 hours I began to feel ill. I felt terrible and had to puke. I was really warm but felt cold. Everytime I drank or ate I hade to puke. I collapsed and fell aslepp at T+14 hours. I woke up twice when I had to puke and both time my hearing was f***ed up. It sounded totally crazy, like I could only hear some frequensis and everything sounded very metallic. When I woke up the next day at T+21 hours I was still high and felt terrible. I couldn't drink or eat during the whole day. The next morning I woke up shaking and shivering. I got really scared and called a hospital. They told me to drink water with much sugar and a little salt in it. I did just that and the shaking stopped and I did not puke any more because  this water was what my stomach needed. I still couldn't eat tough. It took all in all 4 days before I could eat again! The first two days being some of the worst of my life. 

When I got well I measured how much amphetamine I had used, it was almost 0.9 gram! And this was my first attempt at the drug.<!--I wrote this report just to warn anyone who wants to try speed. Don't ever take more speed than you have decided beforehand. If I, who always is trying to be as careful as possible with drugs, can fuck up major on it, then you can too!-->

Speed is really a deciving drug. I just want more and more and when it starts to slow down on me I get a strong itch to sniff more.<!--I wouldn't really recommend it to anyone. --> I'll stick to grass, shrooms and GHB from now on. 

Take care!