[Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!] 

I started taking tramadol about a year ago. Snitching then from my step-father. Prior to my pill pop'en days all I had tried was pot, but I had been smoking just about every night for a year and a half so I was at the point where if I really wanted to get messed up, I'd have to try something else. I don't remember exactly why I started taking them, but god where they fantastic.

At first I tried one, which didn't do much. Then two, which produced a small buzz; finally I tried four. (which was only the 4th or so time I had taken them) I remember about half an hour in I was starting to feel a little annoyed as not much was happening. Another thirty minutes goes by and I'm starting to feel better. It takes about two, to two and a half hours to start feeling the full affects, and an additional six to seven hours until it's over. Even then I can still feel them, but not much unless I relax.

The feeling is great. Very dreamy and relaxed. I remember just laying in my bed feeling numb for several hours, but when I had to, conversing with people wasn't a problem. Every hour or so I would set my alarm clock to go off in about an hour because tramabol has a tendency to put me to sleep for an hour or so at a time. I can't really compare it to anything else, as I think I have a naturally high tolerance to codeine, and thus, most other pain killers.

 I started taking them about once a month, then a few more times a month, and every once in a while, every couple of days. I felt as if I took them any more than every three days, the high was severely reduced. It wasn't an addiction, Tramadol is a very non-addictive drug, it was just me over indulging myself. This continued for seven or eight months, but soon it would catch up to me. 

At this point I had started taking five fifty mg trams. One day I went to school after a fairly regular night of smoking pot and eating trams. I drove to school just like any other morning feeling fine, and continued to go about my day until about 11:00 am when my stomach started to hurt. I didn't think much about it at first but by 11:30 it really started to hurt. In about fifteen minutes I left school and headed toward work. (I'm in a program at school where we leave early to go to work) Work is about twenty minutes away and by the time I got there I was feeling pretty horrible, but decided I'd try to stick around an wait it out.

I stayed for another fifteen minutes before I had to leave, the pain was really getting to me. After another fifteen minute trip I was at home, and I could barley make it through the door. I had an excruciating head ache, my stomach was turning in place, and my lower back ached so bad I couldn't stand up straight. This lasted for four days. Four days of pain, projectile vomiting and explosive diarrhea. It was really hell.

I'm still taking tramadol from time to time, but allot less frequently. Usually about twice a month. And from time to time they still get me sick, but not nearly as much, and usually only when I over do it.