The Thursday started with me coming home to find the UPS package with my salvia slumped against the front door. I quickly snatch it and run up stairs to rig a bong. Seeing as how I had never broken through on salvia, this was going to be a trip to tell the grandkids. I quickly pack a pinch into the bowl and commence with the ripping. I'm not sure if I ever took the third toke, when my reality changed faster that I could say 'oh'. I immediately experienced ego death (no knowledge of my name, that I took a drug, etc.). Reality became a surreal picture that I was no part of. 

I was in this dark corner of a dimension with no map to find my way back. I was staring at the Gatorade bottle-bong in my lap, but could not comprehend what I was looking at. A face seemed to develop on or near it, followed by dark corners emerging from everything. The face seemed to tell me something along the lines of 'Surprise! reality is a joke & this is what really is!', to which I could only think 'ok, good joke, but what do I do now?'. After what felt like an eternity to me (probably 3 or 4 min) I began to panic, I did not like the cruel joke of reality and liked this place MUCH less. running became the most plausible option and I clumsily did so into my bathroom where I fell to the floor. The body high was very unpleasant. it felt heavy, restricted, hot, and cold.

I then began to remember my name and that I took a drug but was still undergoing the salvia spin. I covered my body (which was dripping with sweat) in a blanket and (with a frown on my face, I'm sure) slept, only wanting to go back to normal. Salvia can really take it out of me. I awoke 4 hours later feeling good but still 'wowed'. I'm really glad and grateful for this beautiful drug, however, I can say I may not have been totally prepared for what salvia did to me (I don't see how anyone can, for fucks sake!). It took me to a dark dimension of reality. If I had windows in my room, I would have gladly jumped out of one!

Now later on the night of my experience, I introduced several friends to salvia, but only after many warnings as to what would happen. They all first hold still and gnarl up in some sort of uncomfortable position, followed by panicked mumbles & stuff like 'what the.. you hurt.. I can't...' and then come back feeling generally troubled and exhausted. The overall theme of their trips seemed to revolve around unhappiness on my behalf for giving them the drug that did this to them. 

OVERALL RATING: Five fucking thumbs up!