It was my first LSD trip in a year. I had two sugarcubes, each one imbibed with two drops of some reportedly strong liquid LSD. My plan: to take them in my mom and stepdad's apartment while they were at work and be coming down by the time they got home.

I woke up at 11:00 AM on a Saturday. Got up, got dressed, meditated for about a half hour, turned down the lights, burned some incense and candles to set a contemplative mood. Finally, I crunched the cubes down and put on some music: The Grateful Dead's 'Infared Roses'.

About a half hour later I could feel the acid coming on. I decided to put on some more uptempo music so I popped in 'Demetertainment', a Twisted Records psytrance compilation. Beast - 'Spawn' was sounding a might fucking nice! ;) The acid was coming on and I kept repeating to myself: 'Mr. Mojo Risin' - 'Mr. Mojo Risin' - 'Mr. Mojo Risin' - 'Mr. Mojo Risin' - as I felt my mindstate elevating.

The music was playing and I was grooving around my living room and noticing that this was indeed some strong LSD. Mind manifesting indeed! I felt like I was walking around in my mind. I felt some kind of weird aura around my body, maybe just a heightened awareness of the somatic energies in my body. I don't know but I felt something.

I started looking at some Sandman comic book called 'Dream Hunters' and was marvelling at this Japanese artist's watercolor/hand-drawn art in it and then I turned on my laptop and started playing around with that Fractint program for a bit (the whole trip I was seeing MAD fractals every time I closed my eyes. Fractal OD!) I started reading some stuff I'd written that was on my computer and was disappointed I hadn't finished one of my longer poems, but reading it was fun because I didn't remember any of it. It was as if someone else had  written it and I was reading it for the first time. Shortly after this I had a phrase come into my head.....my quote of the day: 'The universe loves AHA's!'

I then started to look at some of the art my friend had done on this comic book project we were collaborating on and it looked amazing in my heightened state and I started wondering why the fuck we aren't rich bastards yet so I decided to page him to urge him to get to work, but his pager number had changed and I kept getting the wrong number. I called his house and his dad told me he'd moved out (he just got a new apartment) but he didn't have his new phone number yet, he did, however, give me a new pager number....but I wrote it down wrong!!! I just kept getting wrong number tones. It was imperative that I talked to my friend at this point. I took it as a bad omen that I couldn't page him or talk to him.

I had planned on not leaving the apartment because I have some annoyingly nosey neighbors in my apartment complex which made me nervous, but I had to go outside to see what it looked like. It was a beautiful day, sunshiny with not a cloud in the sky. I saw my landlord J*** and decided to say hi to him (I was on the 3rd floor balcony and he was down in this little courtyard on the ground floor cleaning a barbeque grill) I said hello, but he didn't hear me. I kept saying hello but he still didn't hear me (he's an old guy) and for some reason I thought something might be wrong with him the way he was standing there so I thought I'd go down and talk to him to see if he was okay. There goes my plan of not leaving my apartment.

So, I go down and there's my landlord and I say 'Hi there, nice day isn't it?' and he gives me this little elderly grin and a nod and says 'Oh yeah, 80 degrees, perfect day.' Very, very prophetic words, I felt. We both looked up into the sky, admiring the day. It was a moment. So, anyways, there I was talking to the landlord tripping balls on acid and I realized I was still holding the cordless phone from when I was trying to page my friend, which must have made me look weird. I then walked out to the front of my apartments (it is a gated apartment complex with one entrance in the front) and I went outside the gate (another violation of my plan to not leave my apartment, an unwise move) and I went and sat down on the steps in the front and just was checking out the trees and plants and stuff. I tried to go back in and realized I had Forgotten My Key! D'oh! I was locked out. I tried to go around but, being as it was a gated community, there was no way inside. I tried to get the attention of the landlord but he had left the courtyard. I saw a guy walk past me on the sidewalk and he looked sinister...I thought he was evil for some reason, but didn't really feel threatened by him, I just got bad vibes. He looked at me oddly and I just said hello and gave what, to him, must have been a weird looking smile. I was still holding the cordless phone, I noticed, so I put it in my pocket (I have big pockets.)

Finally, one of my neighbors let me back in the gate and I went in my apartment once more. I was glad to be back. I wasn't going to leave again. It was a bad idea in the first place, especially since I was alone. I put on some music, this time a progressive trance mixtape by a DJ named Brad called 'Mother Earth Sound System' (very good trip music I would say.) I kept getting these dehydration type feelings so I drank a big glass of water and felt good instantly. Every cell in my body celebrating my ingestion of good old H2O.

This is when my trip started to get weird. I was laying on my sofa and just zoning out. Zonked, if you will. I still haven't sorted out everything I was thinking but it had something to do with how every machination of my consciousness was a lie somehow and that at every thought, and impulse of thought, I was leading myself astray from my 'normal reality'. I was being given 'messages' in my head that everything is infinite and every thing is connected to it's opposite and that everything WAS it's opposite because everything taken to it's extreme had the potential to become it's opposite, which, in hindsight, was some pretty basic yin-yang type stuff.

Time was totally out of whack. I did an experiment to see how long it felt like a minute passed and I looked the clock and counted to 60 and it seemed like I was counting forever. I kept getting these weird linguistic babblings in my head (I always experience this on upper doses of LSD and it actually kind of bugs me) it's like unpronounceable sentences revolving in my brain. I figured it was some kind of distortion in the way my brain was processing language so I took the time to say the alphabet a few times to make sure I still had my language faculties. I did! Whew! No brain damage for me! (?)

I started zoning out some more and just felt totally weird. I was thinking some very far out shit like, because I was thinking certain ways and certain things (things I can't exactly remember), the day would not end. Night would never come and it would be perpetual day forever. Time lagged on and seemed to reaffirm this notion. I somehow managed to remember that my mom and step-dad were supposed to be coming home and if they DIDN'T come home as expected and day DIDN'T end, then I would have something to worry about...until then I would just not worry about it. I also was thinking about some of my family members and all the dysfunction in my family and how I was seemingly trapped in the karmic cycles of my upbringing. For me to explain this I would have to tell my whole family history, which I'm not going to do.

Eventually, my parents did come home and I felt better about that and I just sat on the couch watching TV like a cosmic retard, trying not to look like I was on drugs, just being low key and quiet. Eventually, they both left to go do some other stuff and I was alone again, but by then I was feeling a bit more 'normal'. I was trying to remember all the stuff I was thinking about just hours before. I felt like I'd lived a whole lifetime in one afternoon. I felt energized. Shakti/Chi/Energy was coursing through my body. Moving around was effortless. I felt like I was floating. My pupils were huge and I went outside and looked at the sun going down and the moon becoming visible. My mind roared silently. Libra moon. Glorious. 

After a while a friend came over to my house and we went out to eat and I told him about my trip. All in all, it was a pretty intense experience.