Last night I had one of the most fun experiences of my life with mushrooms. I'm sure that's what everyone says about drugs while they're basking in the afterglow of a great experience, but oh well, I guess I am no different.  I had tried shrooms once before at a festival type of concert, there was a stadium with great bands but the trip was very bland. Mostly I just felt stoned and sick to my stomach. My friend C and I were reluctant to try again because we were scared of being ripped off but we couldn't find any weed so we went for it.

We split an 8th of an ounce around 11 at night and played video games as we waited for the drugs to take effect.  After about 40 minutes we became very bored and left the game alone. We were fast on our way to tripping.  Luckily we were in a very comfortable environment, the room was filled with neon posters, stars, and black lights, I was sure hoping for a great experience. We laid around and listened to the sounds of Beck, Amon Tobin "Supermodified" (INCREDIBLE CD), and the gentle noise of running water coming from a small fountain in the room.

It was about this time that I was laying on my back on the bed and staring up at a large mural type poster on the wall, it was a jungle scene filled with exotic animals and plants. The entire thing was black light responsive so it was emitting this incredible green-white light and as I laid there, staring up into an orange, red, and black lion (why there were lions in the jungle is beyond me) I noticed that everything seemed to pop out at me. The leaves, plants, and tree branches all seemed to be quite clear and floating just above the surface of the picture, much the same way an image pops out of a magic-eye poster.  On top of that, everything behind the plants, everything in the background, seemed to be slowly spinning around. It was incredible. At this time I became very excited, giddy even, at the thought of the drugs coming fully into effect.

After I had my fill of the magic jungle I began to explore other interesting things about C's room, the rocket shaped, blue and green lava lamp, black light posters of panthers, spirals, and the Sublime "mushroom head." I took the blankets and pillows off of his bed and began to play on it.  I jumped and rolled around, I did headstands and walked up walls, I felt great! After a while I settled down and just enjoyed the experience, this was more fantastic than almost any other experience I've had with drugs. The music was wonderful and complimented the way I felt perfectly.  After a while C and I ended up just sitting around his room and talking for hours about all sorts of things. So many wonderful thoughts were rolling through my head, everything seemed so clear and pure.  I wasn't even trying to figure things out, just pondering and feeling quite happy with the way things were going. The night was alive with excitement. I enjoyed every minute of it.

Around 4 or 4:30 we had finally fallen asleep, some of the dreams I had that night were quite nice, but I won't get into them.  I awoke around 11 the next morning as if from a long and comfortable nights sleep, my friend left for work and I left for home. As of now I sit here sipping on a strawberry milkshake and writing this, feeling comfortable and happy with just about everything. Over all the night was a fantastic experience and as I said, I enjoyed every minute of it. This was more than just a night of getting fucked up and bumming around the house, it was an experience of a whole new kind. A trip to a nice world, a place where you can just lay back and enjoy the time you're spending.