Introduction:
The combination of the 4-AcO-DET and MBDB was initially presented to confirm if the action of the MBDB would interfere with the hallucinogenic properties of the 4-AcO-DET. In MDMA style combinations with tryptamines there have been positive results in the experience. Though however cases of extreme confusion leading to agitated behaviour has been observed in combining MDMA and tryptamine/indole compounds where the peaks had been stacked.

Setting:
An outdoor gathering, around 500 or so people. Many of whom where and are still great friends. The forest is pleasent and welcoming. A general aura of positive energy is evident at the party... Maybe it was just me. :)

Set: 
Positive mind set. Life is looking good. Few complications, few issues needing to be resolved. This one would be a search for a step in a new direction. Would I achieve any insight tonight?

Experience:
+0:00 - 15mg of 4-AcO-DET taken orally. Everything is going well. Ready for takeoff.

+0:30 - Body feeling evident. A Heavy, pleasent sensous sensation abounds... Much fun is had with friends. Touching is enhanced, sensual outlook on things. I am normally in this frame of mind, however the feeling is less implusive, more relaxed and with increased acceptance my own fears of abusing these desires.

+0:45 - The pleasent body feeling continues to increase. Warm flowing energy pulsates through my body. Orgasmic. 

+1:00 - I have a distinct image of a certain archetype. I am unsure as to what it represented. A female face is visualised, overwhelmingly powerful, seducing, though with a fundemental innocence underneath, it was a quite complex expression. I was aware of the fact that this female knew what she was doing and that I was not to mess with her. Fortunatly she had a cheeky benevolance about her. I let go as I had learnt from previous experiences. I felt my knees go weak. I fell to the ground and experienced one of the most sexually powerful feelings I have ever had. Within this state of mind I read into a message provided from the archetype, the female, the entity. The information was that of anger, anger at the fact that I dare put myself down, that I dare that I am not worthy of divine love.   EXTRA NOTE - Only a year later did realise that divine love is that which is given, not returned. ;) - After the vision faded I felt cleansed. Refreshed and ready to move on. This was the insight I had hoped for.

+2:00 The night went on, the effects built over the next hour. The experience was filled with pleasent body feelings, joyful visions of coloured geometric shapes, in tones and shades I had only seen before on phenethylamines. B my g/f and I have a wonderful time just playing little childish games with the rest of our group. Joy and laughter to be had by all.

+2:30 4-AcO-DET begins to wind down. 200mg of MBDB down the hatch. Everyone else ingests their first intoxicant for the night. Apparently pills containing MDA. :)

+3:30 Uncomfortable mindset, edgy, jumpy. There is an intense feeling of discomfort sitting primarily in the third eye. This develops into a mild case of paranoia, in were I was afraid of these two people stealing my wallet. I am sure however that they only intended their actions to be taken lightheartedly. 

+4:00 Discomfort continues. There are absolutly no revelations in this state of mind. I feel like a zombie here. No pleasent feelings, nothing of interest. Only a subtle awareness of being high. 

+5:00 Tension has eased. With the help of GHB sleep is achieved. An unfortunate end to what was initially such a wonderful experience.


+20:00 At home, returned after the party. Sleep is difficult. My mind is filled with grotesque images. However there is no threatening anxiety behind the images. I am able to maintain an objective point of view and fall asleep.

Concluding notes
The next few days there was a very real drained feeling, with difficulty falling asleep. At the end of the week things had pretty much returned to normal. 4-AcO-DET by itself is amazing. Enticingly sensous with as much of the insight as the regular psychedelics. Then again, it could all just be set and setting.