Mindset and Setting:

I found that I had recieved 500 mg of the compound in the mail at 10am.  Throughout the day, I had a mood of exitement and anticipation about my first experience.  At about 8:30pm, I gathered my thoughts and tried to prepare myself for the experience by breathing slowly and asking myself whether I would regret having a bad experience.  Once I felt calm and certain about my decision, I weighed out 5mg in a small boat of aluminum foil, then insufflated it in my quiet, dark appartment.  It was about 9:00pm.

Despite other's descriptions of burning discomfort when taking 2C-T-7 by the nasal route, the sting did not seem that bad.  I attribute this to my strongly positive expectations and my exitement and eagerness to discover for myself what this compound had to offer.

I rubbed my nose a few times and sat down on my bed to wait.  After about two minutes, I felt an aware energy and a slightly queasy turbulence.  Another two minutes and it had smoothed out.  I peered around the room with slightly altered eyes, but the effects were threshold.  I decided that I would wait for 20 minutes to pass, and if nothing developed, insufflate another 3 mg.

I weighed out the 3 mg, and at the 20 minute mark, I remained modestly off of baseline, not enough to really describe what the change was.  I insufflated the 3 mg, again not paying much notice to the sting, and within 90 seconds a definite psychedelic effect became evident, first as a sort of vibration and then as gentle waves of visual and tactile movement.  I experienced transient pulses of nausea, moderate in strength but not of a particularly uncomfortable sort.  After another 5 minutes, things had again settled down and an unqualified enjoyment of the altered state began.  The appartment seemed too close for my taste so I walked down the stairs, noticing some time dialation for the first time.

Once I got outside in the cool night air, I became healthily euphoric.  I walked beneath an elevated train track, and the sight of the train passing overhead, trailing slow-motion blue arcs and merging into the skyline, seemed cinematic and emotional.  The sound of the train, normally harsh and squealing, instead sounded like a drawn out ocean wave breaking on the sand.  I ended up taking a long walk through my neighborhood, parts of which I had not explored before.  The breeze was extremely enjoyable.  Graffiti seemed to be illuminated from within by some sort of signifigance.  I developed a feeling of empathic warmth towards the people I saw walking on the sidewalk, a sort of deep, beautiful and joy-filled melancholy which at times approached ineffability.  At no time did I experience either negative physical or emotional effects during the walk.  After about two hours, I made my way back to my appartment without any difficulty, though with a sense of regretful lingering.

Once back in the appartment, I began to experience feelings of closeness (in the negative sense) again.  I decided to write, and I was soon wrapped up in the flow of words.  This in both the metaphorical and literal sense.  I spent an hour writing poetry, attempting (futilely) to convey the total experience...  It was slightly past midnight when I looked up from the paper, stretched and decided to watch 'Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas,' a film I had watched twice while straight with the sense that I wasn't picking up its full texture and import.  Of course, my appreciation for the film was greatly enhanced.  I then listened to some Coil, which was also very enjoyable.

About 2am (or 5 hours past the first dose), I realized that the trip was gently receeding and I decided to try to sleep.  I lay on my bed but the flow of thoughts, still enjoyable, continued, and turned inward.  I examined several aspects of my life and felt that I could see them very clearly and simply.  There were tensions in certain of my relationships that seemed suddenly and obviously useless, senseless.  The realization of wasted emotional energy brought a smile and a warm glow.  As the minutes wore on, though, I began to notice the television again.  Now that the VCR was turned off, it was dark with the red words 'no input' glowing near the top.  This evoked some waves of sadness and some childhood memories.  I resolved to keep this knowledge in mind and to be honest and open, because it felt good to understand myself and to communicate with others without having to play games.

Sometime between 3am and 4am, I drifted to sleep.  The next day I woke up late and felt refreshed.  I realized I couldn't wait for my next experience, which caused me a slight stir of discomfort and some reflection.  Overall, this was a completely positive, opening experience.