Well, I'm not very good at describing experiences, especially ones like this. I'll do my best though.

I had been looking to try mushrooms for many months now, and finally, two days ago (Dec. 2001), I had the opportunity to buy them. So yesterday I bought 1/8 of shrooms for $25. I wasn't too prepared for the experience, but I have read much about them in the last four months, so I assumed I knew what to expect. I was going to do them at my house, while my parents were sleeping, with a good friend as a sitter. Before I decided to try mushrooms, I wanted to be sure I knew I was using them for spiritual purposes. I have read much about their spiritual value which is what made my curious about them.

(Times Approximated)
0:00 - I had not exactly fasted, but I hadn't eaten anything since lunch which was probably 7 hours earlier. I split the 1/8 into half, but decided for the first time I should do a little less. So I had aroung 1.5 g of what I assume is P. Cubensis from my *little* experience with mycology. Anyway, I ate them straight, and the taste was much better than what I have heard. I chewed them into a pasty mush, and washed it down with a small glass of OJ.

0:15 - I am the only one who has eaten shrooms. I went on a walk with two friends of mine, both sober, around the neighborhood. It is now late and no one is around.

0:30 - Lights seem appealing to look at, but it may have been just that I was waiting for the trip to begin. Not sure.

0:45 - I lay down in some grass, and I feel a strange feeling in my body as I lay down. A bit fearful, I sit up and the feeling fades. So I decided to lay again, to see what happens. I felt a little strange, and I very faintly began to see some visuals. We decided to start walking back to my house. My friend found a tennis ball and gave me it to play with. I found this very amusing and I could not stop grinning. I laughed at the ball as I bounced it up and down. As we neared my house, I looked at the grass growing on my neighbors' lawn, and realized it looked as if it was sprouting outwards in circular formations as I walked across it.

1:00 - We're back in my house. I come in and sit down in my living room. The TV show on didn't look fun to watch, so I put on one of those radio station channels with some classical music. I couldn't seem to hear the music, but I felt its presence in a way. I went in to my room and put on some Aphex Twin (the Selected Ambient Works CD), and it sounded good for my mood. I didn't really know what my friends were talking about, but I eventually figured out that they were going to go two houses up to my friend's house to get some weed. I was cool with that as long as they did not wake up my parents. So my friend M went to get the weed, however I didn't even know he had left. I didn't understand the fact that he was ever there in the first place. My other friend B, who does not know much about mushrooms, sat next to me and sort of watched me for a while. 

1:15 - My friend is still gone, and B and I are in my room listening to music still. I put my head down and close my eyes. I felt like I was in a cloudy void and I was pulled inside a large white cloud of light, and felt a very euphoric feeling like that was were I belonged. I came back into this universe for a moment and looked at B and told him what I had just felt. I don't think it made much sense to him, but oh well. I think this was probably the only spiritually significant part of my experience, that I can remember. I have the faint memory of either being inside a womb or having something inside of me (although I am not capable of becoming pregnant being male), and it was glowing. I do not know exactly when this vision occurred.

1:20 - M returns with the weed and a small pipe. They all went out to watch TV for a while. I just laid on my bed in the dark, and tried to sort out what I was feeling. I was seeing dark lines and shadows swarming around in my head and possibly in the room too (could not tell the difference). I got into bed hoping I could fall asleep but it was hopeless. The trip had been awesome up until now. I had a sort of sick feeling that came with the hallucinations. I was hearing humming but I decided it must have been the music. I went out into the living room to watch TV with M and B. I didn't even know the TV was there though. I just watch the doorway into the living room sway around and move. I looked at the carpet and saw designs flow around in the dark.

My dad came out to get something to drink, and I flipped for a moment when I saw him. I stayed calm, and just sat and watched TV. I looked over into the kitchen a few times just to see what he was doing and see if he was watching me, but I don't think he was. After a minute or two, I decided to just get up and go to my room. I layed down again and tried to see if I could sleep through all the strange trippy sick feelings going through my body.

I don't know how long I sat there for, but I think it must have been over an hour. My friend said my dad came out around 11:30 and I looked at the clock while in my bed and it was 1:00. I kept looking at where my door was to see if anyone was opening it. I had no idea if I was making alot of noise, or if I was being silent. I had lost perception of most of my senses. Eventually I must have fallen asleep because I think I woke up around 3 or 4 am and realized I wasn't tripping anymore. Yay.

Overall this was a positive experience. I just did not know what to expect. The peak was the scariest part, so I think I'll take a smaller dose next time so that it isn't as intense. I do not advise the use of psychoactive drugs, and nor do I advise against it. You have to use your own judgement in order to decide whether they are okay for you to do in your physical and mental condition. Well, thats all I have to say about my experience. Hope its not too boring.