I'm a 17 year old lad from a small town in the middle of England, and have had experiences with Ecstasy, Speed, Cocaine, Ketamine, Mushrooms, Nutmeg and Salvia and am a heavy weed smoker. I had had the day off prior to the experience, and had taken 120mg of fexofenadine to control hay fever about 12 hours before ingesting the Tram.

Last night, I tried to get my hands on some Ecstasy, but after chasing several people down, it became apparent that there was no pills available in my small town. So a good friend T1 and I sat down in front of the TV, feeling quite let down, as we always do when the excitement of perhaps rolling that night becomes less and less likely. So we rolled a few joints (Soap bar hash cut with tobacco) and went out and smoked them, and as we walked back to my house, another good friend T2 rang T1, and told him he was outside my house. So we greeted him, talked about the gig he had been to earlier that night, and then when we told him about being let down about the E, he reminded us that a guy he had met in Macclesfield had given him 10 50mg Tramadol tablets, so being the kind of people we are, any state of mind that isn't sober is a bonus, we agreed to give them a try.

Now T2 had told us about the Tramadol a few days earlier, but when I tried to research more on the internet, I could not properly recall the name of the drug, and looked at a few different ones, and was a bit unsure about the whole thing. The guy that had given him the tram said 'try 1 at first, and if you like that, then try 3.' After a few minutes, I decided that I would insufflate the contents of 2 capsules. Here's how it went.

T+00HRS
All 3 of us have a 100mg pile of tram, I cut mine into 2 lines, while T1 cut his into 1 roughly 25 - 40mg line, and left the rest in the pile, and T2 cut his pile into 3 lines, as it was his first time snorting anything. Wow, this shit burnt. Any slight throat movement (breathing, swallowing) caused a very unpleasant chemical burning sensation where your nostrils connect to the back of your mouth. I snorted the second line roughly 5 minutes later, but snorted a small line of water immediately afterwards and that proved very affective in reducing pain. T1 and T2 both snorted there lines and found it that painful that T1 did not want to ingest any more of the tram because of the awful taste, and T2 found it quite unpleasant, so he scraped the rest of his powder and T1's powder into a glass with a mouth full of apple juice and necked it, which was a lot easier because the taste of the tram was covered by the strong taste of apple.

T+00:15
T1 Roles a joint, and we went out and smoked it. Effects include a sense of well being, feeling light and floaty, and slightly dopey/dizzy. After the joint was smoked, vision became picture-like, and colours became slightly brighter. T1 then left us to go home, because he felt like shit, his saliva also became very thick and hung from his lips when he tried to spit. 

T+00:30
My vision has become very strange, whilst looking at something, a part of what I would be looking at would seem as if it shouldn't be there, looking unreal, but definitely not a hallucination. Long deep tunnels of thought start, and a noticeable desire to stay awake, even though I feel tired.

T+01:00
Tunnels of thought get to the point where I will think about something, then forget what I am doing and believe I am part of my thought, and then remember that I am sat in a chair watching TV and be thrust back into reality, I get this when trying to get to sleep when coming down off E. Just laying back and closing my eyes becomes quite attractive, and leaves me in a very warm and calm state of mind.

Effects stayed similar for the next 2 hours, and then I decided to take 100mg oral, by emptying the capsules into a drink. No noticeable effects were gained by doing this, and then I went to bed about 2 hours later. I slept for 2 hours then awoke as if I had slept for 20, completely refreshed, except for a confusing and clumsy come down, smoking tobacco over the next few days proved nice, giving a very stony feeling for approximately 5 minutes. No real trouble working or doing anything else though. I think I'd definitely try it again if it was offered.