Some unexpected good news came our way, and a small group of us hastily assembled to celebrate.  We had a couple of drinks, and each popped what we thought was MDMA, then settled in for our usual routine of discussing all things under the sun, helping each other with personal problems, and general communication.  Each pill was a 'blue dolphin'.  This was T+0 at 11pm.

At T+60 (midnight), I felt some weird tinglings about the brain, usually a precusor to the full-on MDMA experience, but the rush was not coming (I usually take T+90 to peak).  Others in the group were experiencing the same thing, even those who usually peak at T+30.  But the tingling continued to intensify and by T+120 (1am) the full force came crashing down upon us.  Some strobing visual effects were present, but as we had nothing particularly interesting to look at, other hallucinations were not observed.  We were pretty floored for a short period of time, but regained our heads fairly quickly.  Some reported feelings of nausea, (2 vomiters) but I felt no worse than shrooms or MDMA.

While there were no MDMA-esque lovey-dovey feelings or tactile enhancement, personal connections were quickly established and many soul-searching topics were discussed.  I had a 1+ hour discussion on theology with a friend's girlfriend whom I had never connected with socially before.

Sometime near T+240 (3am), still thinking we had MDMA, we dropped a 2nd pill.  Things get real hazy at this point.  One couple disappeared into the bedroom.  I became somewhat withdrawn.  We watched some movies and the communication practically ceased, as we were all now tripping hard and trying to cope internally.

My next memory was around 6am, when the friend's gf was trying to get me off the couch to dance.  I opted to go outside to smoke a cigarette instead (increasingly MDA-induced flirty vibe with the friend's gf was making me uncomfortable).  But this point, we had all peaked and come back to reality, but I felt extremely detached and had trouble doing simple things like standing up or changing a CD.  The others felt the same way.  My legs felt like jelly at times, and my fingertips tingled.  My hands didn't feel like my own.

We went for a walk, and had feelings of extreme exhaustion, unexpected returning waves of trippiness, and difficulty in performing simple tasks (eg. drinking a beer).  We wandered around, but were never comfortable with our location, feeling very antsy and unable to deal with the hordes of sober people that are out at 7am.

Sleep was impossible, appetite was non-existant and we mostly just sat around the apartment, staring into space.  I was fascinated by the ceiling for 20 minutes, at one point, implying heightened visual perception.  The feelings of unease and detachment continued until roughly 5pm, then ceased quite uncerimoniously.

It was during this period that we surmised we had taken MDA instead of MDMA.  Our general opinion was that if we had taken just the single pill, our evening would have been much more enjoyable.

I look forward to experimenting with this drug again, now that I know what I'm dealing with.