Relaxing at my house while a heavy rainstorm rages outside, ready to try Kratom for the first time I was in a peaceful mindset, no stressors to harsh my buzz, and I am ready to spend a night enjoying a new psychoactive substance. I had recently acquired a package. I got 4g of kratom 15x extract, 1g wild dagga 25x resin, 1g lotus paste, etc...  Anyway,

9:51  
I mix as close to 2 grams of the light brown powder as I can without scales into some tea, and add a little bit of honey because I have heard it has a bitter taste.  It mixed very well, I expected to have to stir this thing for a while to get the clumps out, like a protein shake, but it was very soluble.  I downed the glass, no problem.  It didn't really taste bad at all, it actually tasted a little bit like instant ice tea mix, so tea was the perfect medium.  I washed the glass out to get the last of the grains. I had a kinda empty stomach, I had eaten a sandwich about two and a half hours ago.

10:05  
I go out to my garage.  I have a little corner all set up with my rows of different herbs and paraphernalia and the like, and a little chair.  I start rolling a joint. I ground up 1/2g mid-grade cannabis and 1/2g I.O. Dro buds for the taste, as well as to space out my pot habit, as it is quite expensive.

10:07  
I start feeling a Hydrocodone-like buzz, my eyes felt somewhat ho, and I felt warm and fuzzy.

10:10  
Rolling joints slowly, motor coordination slightly impaired.  I feel a euphoria and a definite opioid buzz. Delicious.

10:18  
Ah, there it is, the familiar itch.  It said that 2g was a strong dose, I would hate to think that this is the peak.  I feel heavy, and have no want to stand up, or go anywhere.  I'm not sure how long the ascension takes before the plateau, as I have never ingested this substance before.  is very enjoyable, I will say, not at all unlike eating 3 or 4 percocets.

10:30  
I smoke a joint.

10:42  
I totally lose track of my lighter.  Smoking really increases the buzz of both the Kratom and the marijuana.  I find my lighter to my right, next to my leg.  I have not moved from my cross-legged position since I came out.  I would say that the 'level of high'  would be equal to that of smoking a joint with red rock opium in it.  I feel stuck, but 'up' at the same time.  Quite nice, but I was expecting more of a stoning quality.  Black tar opium, the real stuff, is one of my favorite drugs, and sadly it has not come around my area of Southern Indiana for 3 1/2 years, maybe more. *sigh*

10:50  
Really getting into my music, euphoric trance at the time. It is now setting in with everything else.  I pack a small bowl with a small chunk of Tibetan three lotus paste on top.  The flavor of this stuff is amazing!  

11:02 
I finally get around to lighting the pipe. After about three good hits, I put a small chunk of Wild Dagga resin on top.

11:08  
At this point, I am quite stoned, a wonderful warm and fuzzy euphoric tingly feeling. The thunder shakes the whole house, and the lights flicker.  I close my eyes and listen to the storm.

11:21  
The high now is like Oxycontin with a lot of pot

11:25  
Really itchy off and on, not as bad as, say, snorting 60mg of OC or anything like that.  I feel Great though.

11:47  
I start to feel the Kratom start to wear off very slowly.

12:30  
Still kinda toasted, I'll start up a game of Civ III.

1:00?  
I go to bed, still feeling the afterglow effects.

Next Day:  I experienced no hangover or negative effects whatsoever.