I am currently 16, am quite short for my age, and am very interested in the effects of drugs. I had been thinking of trying mushrooms for quite some time, ever since I started getting interested in hallucinogens. The only other drugs I have tried are opium tea and ecstasy, which I smoked. I have done plenty of research on drugs, know many people who do drugs and smoke pot on a daily basis.

I was with two of my friends, A & J, who had both done mushrooms plenty of times before, and we were waiting for our half ounce of p. cubensis to arrive. I was very eager to try these new & interesting fungi and as soon as they arrived we chewed them , at about 3 in the afternoon.

After about 30 minutes, the mushrooms started kicking in. At first, it seemed as if I was buzzed off a few beers, and everything seemed hilarious. As we were walking I felt as if my body was slightly melting. Walking along what I know to be a completely flat path, I felt as if I was stepping in potholes, and the ground seemed to be moving up and down. Everything I looked at had a purplish or greenish hue to it. I would look at plants in the ditch and they would be glowing neon green. All colours seemed magnified & glowing.

The high felt somewhat familiar, though totally different than what I had ever experienced. As of this time, it is the best time I had ever had while being intoxicated. Throughout the trip I continued to feel good, although my actions did not demonstrate this.

Everything I heard seemed to stick to my brain and I kept hearing things being played back over & over again. Eventually these voices and sounds turned into a paranoid soundtrack; a broken record that kept playing phrases like 'we're gonna kill you J!' and 'are they on mushrooms? those people are on acid!'. I was beginning to get very paranoid, because I thought people were going to jump my friend, and that everybody around us was after us. I don't know why I was paranoid about people thinking we were on mushrooms, (which nobody really thought), because usually I couldn't care less if people knew I was high.

As we walked down the road, I felt as if we were in a giant puzzle, and I had to say a certain name to solve it. I would yell out the names of people I knew, some of them people I used to be close with and wished I still was. Anyways, that's besides the point.

As we entered a forest just off the main road, I started to feel as if I was in a completely different world, and my sense of the puzzle increased greatly. I don't really know how to explain it, but I felt as if I was in a video-game, or a parallel universe, and the whole planet was this one forest. I thought we were being hunted by something or someone because we were rebels and did drugs. My vision had gradually been going 'numb' for the last what felt like hours, and when my buddies tried to talk to me I just kind of sat there and looked at them. They thought I was trippin out to hard and couldn't understand them, but I just didn't feel like talking.

Suddenly, I felt I had solved the puzzle, and exclaimed 'I definitely understand the meaning of life!'. From hereon in, it just gets weirder. Strange thoughts started entering my mind. I thought people were talking to us, and asking my opinion on things, such as whether I think nature is important and stuff like that. I would answer, and my friends started tripping out because I was just saying random answers to unasked questions.

I remember feeling peaceful and that I didn't want to fight anyone. I don't remember any of this part at all, but evidently I was the exact opposite. I apparently tried scrapping my friends and punched one of them a few times. I'm not sure what happened next, but I went so out of control that my friend A had to crack me in the face. I fell, got up, ran into the oblivion of the forest and disappeared.

The next thing I remember is getting up off the ground, with my sweatshirt and one of my shoes on the trail several feet behind me. I remember feeling as though I had just had a spiritual awakening, and I still thought I was on the forest planet. I eventually came to my senses after throwing something into the bushes and punishing a tree. I put on my shoe and sweatshirt and started the long journey home.

Half way there, I discovered I no longer had my house keys, my wallet chain or my weed box, and I had a huge scrape on the palm of my hand. When I finally got home, noone was there so I had to break into my house (which has an alarm system) and disrupted the whole neighborhood. I made it inside and found that it was 12:30 AM. I had a shower, (as I had previously been rolling around on a dirt path like a madman) and went to bed.

The next day I heard the accounts of what happened to me from my friends, who were so freaked out when I ran off and they couldn't find me, that they waited at the cornerstone by my house for an hour, and thought I might have died of an overdose or something.

I don't regret that experience, because it has taught me a lesson(also, I had a lot of fun). Hallucinogens are very powerful drugs, and when used responsibly can be a lot of fun. I didn't use responsibly, as I had way too high of a dose of very potent mushrooms for my first time, especially considering my size and age.