Initially I purchased about 4 ounces of wormwood from this interesting little magic/voodoo shop.  Although the label said 'for use in spells' or something to that effect, I mainly planned to distill absinthe, however for a number of reasons we had to ditch the absinthe plan.  I had read that a tea of just wormwood would have calming effects, slight visual disturbances.  I've gotten my feet wet in most aspects of illegal drugs, so I'd like to think that these effects were not placebo.

Trial One: W.W. and green tea
Put about a chunk the size of my thumb in paper towel, wrapped it up, put it in a mug and nuked it for about 1:45.  I also included a bag of green tea, so I could guarantee that I at least got a little high.  I always let the tea sit for a good 5 mintues, I've never determined if this effects potency but logic would tell mw that it would.  Anywho, I've found the taste of the wormwood rather bitter.  As far as effects from this trial they were somewhat inconclusive.  A strange mental activity was noted but the green tea could have accounted for it. 

Trial Two: W.W. tea, Marijuana, Damiana
Alright, this is where the wormwood tea began showing itself a little more clearly.  I would brew the tea in much the same way as before only minus the green tea since I would be attempting sleep soon after.  This has become a favorite pre-bed ritual.  Once brewed I take a little koolaid or crystal light or whatever, and put a little more than I think I'd want into the tea.  A lil sugar too.  Then I find a big glass and fill it up with Ice, and then I add my tea to that.  The resulting drink I've dubbed an 'Iced Wormwood'; it tastes alright, but I've just found it alot more 'chill' to drink it in this manner instead of burning the shit out of my mouth.

After I down my decoction, I lay down and take maybe three or four strong pulls off of my marijuana pipe.  This normally will get me kinda high, but with the wormwood in my body the high is quite different.  Motor control suffers considerably (never happens on pot), so much that playing a guitar becomes a challenge.  Also, closed eye visuals can be had and even open-eyed if I play my cards right.  For the rest of the week I did this procedure and found the effects to increase in intensity every night.  By the fifth morning my head was goin kinda slow and fearing dimensia, as Van Gogh suffered at the hands of wormwood, I thought I'd give it a rest.

In addition, I've found that you can increase the synergies between the chemicals even more by adding a little damiana to the tea.  The effects are almost identical except more intense and with smoking less marijuana.

Trial Three: W.W. Tea, Ambien, Marijuana
It's a shame I can only find ambien every so often as this seems to be the way to go.  I will try to provide a timeline so you can get an idea of how I timed my dosing.

T+0.01- Take mah 5mg of ambien, this stuff will put me to sleep.

T+0.45- Drink that tea; beginning to feel hypnotised by ambien, this only increases with every sip I take.

T+1.00- Head up to bed, body feels remarkably heavy, hard time with stairs, talking is difficult.

T+1.05- 1 hit of some of the best bud I've had in a while

Time meant little after that, as I draw my covers up this is where the 'trip' begins.  This night I happen to be watching the Grateful Dead's View from the Vault III.  For the first half of the second set my reality is a strange virtual reallity of intense lucid dreaming interupted every thirty seconds by a voluntary glance around the room.  Hard to describe, but almost felt as though I were coming up on mushrooms (when I had my eyes open).   Anyways as the drum solo starts the sounds of the drums begin to replace voices in my dreams, forming sentences that make sense and that I completely understand but are not in any sort of languageor pattern.  I am completley lucid in these dreams, and can switch at will between dreamworld of musical language, and reality.  Like flipping a switch.  Kinda sweet.  

As a side note, I have tried smoking this with no effects, both while sober and once on mushrooms.  However I only smoked 1 large joint, I've read other reports of effects being reached after 14 bongbowls.  This wasn't really practical for me at the time.  It does taste nice, and I used it to put hash on a couple time.  Just thought I'd add my 2 cents in on the smoking wormwood debate.

Anyways in conclusion, give the wormwood a shot.  Maybe not as a standalone but as a supplement to help conserve bud and provide an interesting addition the already perfect feeling of being stoned.