Comfortable beneath the skin of my own little world, lost in a comical euphoria and fascinated by the simple things is how I would describe my first trip on shrooms. It was a snowy Sunday in January. I took an ice-cube shaped hunk of chocolate covered fungi at 5pm after eating two California rolls and drinking a coke. E! was, for some retarded reason, on the tube. I found it comforting to investigate the lives of the Family Feud producers and hosts. Oh, and Star Dates was on. I wanted to see how Eddy Munster conducted himself on a date. Also, Captain Stubing's daughter from the Loveboat was on the show. She looked pretty good actually. 

I started to feel the effects take place during these Star Date escapades. It took about 20 to 30 minutes before I felt anything. After a while, time was no issue. I wrapped myself in a chenille blanket and scarf and curled up in a fetal position on the floor. There was some intensity in my head for a brief moment and that made me pay attention to the rest of my body. My hands became clammy and warm. My face felt the same way, and I could feel my pulse start to speed up a little. Everything felt soft and I just wanted to wrap myself up in it all. It was like an ecstasy trip, all sensation brought to my attention. It felt wonderful to breathe and clench my teeth and swallow. Then the hands started to wander. Gooseflesh felt amazing to the touch. At times I had to squint and squeeze myself together because it felt so good. Taking deep, euphoric breaths is something I do a lot when on E, and the similarities between these two drugs were striking. The difference lay in the visuals. 

The loose ends on my blanket seemed to be moving like little worms. My thoughts wandered with pure abandon. The colors became more vivid and I wanted to look anyplace where they would be more lavish. Rich, deep, vivid color. It was all so beautiful and my senses were up to the challenge of experiencing more. Having done some reading on the subject that day, I felt like I had a new wrinkle in my brain. Things were looking up. I rolled over and looked at a black light poster my boyfriend gave me. On it was an elaborate image of an angel with an ice-blue wingspan and a pink and orange gown spiraling to her feet, stars scattered around her, a sword held across her chest. Impressive to behold while intoxicated. I dug my black light out of the closet and fumbled about, trying to get it to work but it wouldn't. I sort of took it in stride and mumbled things while attempting to make it light up. Eventually, I gave up and went back to my thoughts and my poster. I took comfort in the familiarity of my room and the things I collected within it. All the things that made me me made me feel more in touch with a reality I could embrace with no uncertainty whatsoever. I could hear my mother laughing at something in the other room, and that put any ill feelings I had towards my family to rest. All about love, I wanted to put freaking Sgt. Pepper on the stereo, but I was too lazy to get up and find it. 

The occasional comment on the television made me think about how nothing really matters in the scheme of things. It was all about enjoying what is now, living a sincere life filled with simple musings. I remember muttering rhymes to the ceiling as patterns swirled and collided with each other. Things were plaid for a short time, and then I started to geek out because of how ridiculous everything was. It was all in good fun
and I felt safe and at peace with my surroundings. I didn't want the feeling to end. To stay in that state forever would've been peachy. Venturing out of my room and walking down the hall to use the bathroom was fun because it was a change of position and scenery. There was this tacky plastic Christmas wreath with red lights illuminating the bathroom a neon crimson while I sat on the can and geeked with my purple scarf stretching down to the floor. I needed a cigarette. I wanted to share the feeling, so I bundled up and called my boyfriend while taking a walk in the snow. 

I felt like I was walking into a postcard, houses lit softly, Christmas lights glowing, trees dusted with snow. It was quiet and peaceful and I felt so happy with the world. I noticed everything, like how the snow crystals glittered and the Christmas lights held me captivated. I stared for a while at a tree lit with assorted colors and it seemed to gloss over. There were rabbit tracks in the snow I started to follow but stopped, for fear of looking like a drunken idiot before the neighbors. This was about 3 hours into my trip. I noticed everything, and it was beautiful. After about 45 minutes I came back inside, the lights were very intense and I needed to get back into my dark little corner of the universe, which was my room. Back in my soft pile of blankets and clothes, I felt things continue to thin out and return to some form of normal. It was a perfect way to spend a snowy Sunday evening at home. This drug gets a big smiley face from me. I'd definitely do it again, but with someone else. I'd like to see how that might intensify the experience.