My junior year of highschool I was unfortunate enough to injure myslef pretty seriously. After months of trying to convince my parents there there was a problem with my knee they finally sent me to a doctor. You can guess what he said. Over the next 2 years I underwent 3 surgeries to fix the problem. Each one of these surguries came with a minimum of 2 months of immobility, the longest was close to 6 months. Also, with each came an unlimited supply of percoset. And so began my long love affair with percoset. 

Before my first surgery I had never experimented with any painkillers of any sort. The first time I took 2 of them I was in so much pain I wanted to die, and felt like I was probably going to. After they kicked in about a half hour or so I was amazed at what was happening. I knew that my knee still hurt like a bitch but it just didn't matter to me anymore. It was like pain couldn't touch me anymore as long as I just didn't think about it. I layed on the couch watching tv, playing video games and taking my percoset when it started wearing off for countless days. After a while I lost all perception of time. I never knew what day of the week it was. All I knew for so long was the walls of my livingroom where I was living since my bedroom was on the second floor which would have made things too difficult and boring.

After one perscription ran out and things looked good for my knee the doctors said I needed surgery again and I remember that that didn't bother me because it meant that I got more percoset. Of course at the time I was so addicted that I didn't see how wrong that was. I was willing to get hurt again just to get more of this drug. The same thing happened again. Almost like clockwork as soon as thing were looking up I needed surgery again. But once again, it didn't matter because I was getting more percoset. 

Finally after 2 years of an almost constant percoset binge the doctors said I was all better. My perscriptions ran out, my knee didn't hurt anymore but I still needed percoset. I started buying them off of people who could get them, spending half of a paycheck on percosets just so I wouldn't have to go without. But then I ran into a bump, I had to go to college. I knew that I wouldn't be able to handle a job and college at the same time (I'm not a bad student, I'm just not a great one). I ran out of percoset and money to buy it. 

Just like that I had to quit. I was in a terrible mood all the time, I couldn't eat, I couldn't sleep, I couldn't remember anything, I took lazy to an entirely new level. To this day I am a different person because of the extent I took the addiction to. I have trouble expressing myself verbally, I lose my train of thought in the middle of a thought. At this point you're probably thinking 'How long did this take to write?' your answer is probably too long. I have to say that the worst thing that has changed about me since this experience is that I cannot trust anyone. I have a constant paranoia that peoples intentions are not what they seem. I always feel that people say that they are my friends but really don't give a shit about me. Who knows, maybe I'm not paranoid, maybe they really don't give a shit. I'd like to think that that's not true. 

My final word to anyone who has actually cared enough to read this entire thing is: percoset is a great thing when you control it. For anyone how is into cars I'll put it this way, it's like a drift. It can go nice and smooth but it can also get out of control, at which point you either regain control or you crash and burn.