[I ordered 114g of dried sinicuichi leaves on the internet, because I have a fascination with dreams, and I had read that it induces vivid memories in dreams.

Now, I didn't prepare the leaves exactly how I had read to prepare them, which may have been the reason I had a bad experience. I measured out 10g of the leaves, crushed them up, and added them to a pot of boiling water. I simmered the gunk on low heat just below boiling for 2 hours, filtered out the water with a coffee filter, and recooked the mush in fresh water for an hour. Then filtered that water into the other. I boiled away some of the water, thickening to tea, so I wouldn't have so much to drink. It tasted nasty, but I just chugged the whole thing, and chased it with lemon juice, and the taste was gone. This was about 8 pm.

After a half hour, I began feeling drowsy and relaxed, with a slight unsettled stomach. I went over to a friend's house after about an hour, feeling about the same. The only pleasant feeling I had was a little euporia and relaxation. About a half hour after I got to my friend's house (1.5 hours after drinking the tea), I started feeling sore throughout my body. My muscles were all tensed up, and felt like I had been working them hard (maybe the tea releases lactic acid into your muscles throughout your body?). This feeling only increased, until I drove back home two hours later. I felt like an old man getting into my car, I had to ease my way down because of the pain. I got home and immediately went to bed, going out only minutes after laying down.

I woke up about 2 AM. I had an intense headache, and the muscle pains had increased ten fold. I couldn't even roll over to turn on my bedlamp. EVERY muscle in my body screamed, even my forehead and eyelids (muscles in my eyelids?). Though the house was a bit cool (68 degrees with a ceiling fan going), I was FREEZING. I managed to curl up in a ball and pull the covers tight, but I still shivered uncontrollably. After failing to go back to sleep in agony for near an hour, I forced myself out of bed, and down the stairs, one slow step at a time (the 14 stairs took me a full minute to descend). I was shaking more than just one does from normal shivers, and started feeling queezy. I got a bottle of water, and took an 800mg Ibuprofen. Then I turned the A/C off, and went back up the stairs, a little faster than coming down. I curled up in my bed, and managed to sleep.

I woke up again just after 3 AM. The pains had subsided substantially, but they were still there. I instead felt nausea. I stumbled to the bathroom and vomitted. I was amazed at how much green mush had still been in my stomach a good seven hours after I had drunk it. After that, I went back to bed. I never had any dreams to remember. The next day, I called in sick to work, the pains had returned, though not as intense. My head was killing me. I got up about 11 AM, feeling only the muscle pains, no headache or nausea. I went about my day, and felt normal by mid-evening. I did notice that certain sounds were lower in tone, but only certain sounds, like the phone ringing, music, and the garage door opening. Voices, footsteps, the world outside all sounded normal. I can't explain what made certain things sound deeper, but not others.

Basically, the only effects I experienced that I had read about and was hoping for were the relaxation and slight sound differences. The experience was definately not worth it, but I'm glad I know not to take it again. It's all over and done with, and I can move on to the next experiment.