- The Info. - 
Smoking wormwood in doses equal to 8 - 12 bowls produced a slight perceptual change I often experiance with marijuana I call the dollhouse effect. Objects appear more seperate and seem as though they look and are positioned exactly as they are supposed to, much like items in a very carefully crafted dollhouse. I also felt a slight positive mood lift and a little sillier than I typically do. I did not experiance a high, though I believe a higher dose could be capable of producing a high.

The smoke was cool and easy on the throat, Soft light and easy to hold in the lungs, but slightly unpleasant tasting, though the flavor is easy to ignore. The dried plant material burns easily and thuroughly. I did not feel any unpleasant physical effects whatsoever.

- The story - 
Not too long ago I visited a local herbalist, crossing my fingers and hoping that Salvia Divinorum would possibly grace one of the shelves. No salvia. I did find a few other herbs with names I recognized, mostly Atropine and Scolopamine containing plants and Wormwood. I picked a fatty sack of dried wormwood for a little more than a buck an ounce. I splurged and bought 2 full ounces. I couldn't recall what the effects were or how it is ingested, but I did remember that it was an important faction in absinthe, that strange drink that made Ewen McGregor trip balls in 'Moulin Rouge', and that everyone wants to try, but never thinks to buy over the internet from another country (Honestly guys, they would sell it to children over the net, just look for it, it's easier than making your own).

Well, I checked out info and found that some people love it and some people hate it. There was very little info on smoked wormwood, but it looks safe enough even though Thujone is poisonous, so I decided I would look into it a bit. On six occasions I have smoked Raw dried wormwood. In chronological order, my experiances have been with one bowl, then two, then three, then one fat bowled bong full (approx. Equal to four bowls), then two bong fulls, then wih three bong fulls.

I experianced no 'high' with any of my doses. In the two later sessions though I did notice a visual/perceptual effect I experiance after smoking Marijuana that I call the dollhouse effect. Objects become more pronounced and seperate and everything looks as though it is a more intricate and more perfectly crafted version of what it normally is. This is not as much a visual effect as it is a perceptul effect. This causes a feeling that I am in a giant dollhouse-world, and while I'm on pot this makes me uneasy about touching and moving things, possibly because my grandma used to dissapprove of my sisters and me touching her carefully constructed dollhouse. when I experianced this effect via wormwood, I didn't feel at all uneasy about touching things. Maybe a higher dose of wormwood would make me feel more uncomfortable, who knows. only time. 

Also with the higher doses, I felt my spirit lifted to some small degree and felt a little more silly/giggly than I normally do, especially during the final, highest dosed experiance. I have decided not to increase my dose any higher, since it takes so damn long to smoke that much herb, and leave my results on smoking raw wormwood as 'inconclusive'. I feel like it has potential to get me high or buzzed at very least in a higher dose. I would like to work with wormwood again, though in a different method of ingestion. I'm planning makeing LiHouLong's 'thuge' Thujone Hashish and testing that, and I may purchase some absinthe online as I'm really quite curious now after reading all those reports.