I'm 17 now and am more religious then before that's one thing I got out of it. I could have explained what I think about God now but I wont go there.

I still remember the feeling of the first time I took Coricidin. I was getting off work (at a grocery store) when mike and chris came up with the idea of getting it (stealing it). so when 10:00 came around I started my first box. 16 pills. being un-educated about dissociatives at the time, I didn't know that it would take some time to kick in my 1st time it took 1hr 15min to kick in; 10:30 came by and I decided to take more, so did Chris I took a total of 23 pills I think, we went back to my crib, and he passed out, I was in the 3rd plateau and seeing colors and hearing cards shuffling fast it was crazy. to end that night short we all lived.  

I began doing it every weekend even with my cuz bob I mean I must have done it 10-15 times all in a row every weekend. my mom confronted me once about it (thanx for caring Donny) but I lied and told her I didn't do it what more could she do right? I also started smoking cigs at 13 or 14. bud too.  

Some great memories I've had on DXM just chillin' smokin herb listin to rap muzik it was the shit. But not worth the problems I face daily now. I LOVE'd DXM. I would have probably kept doin it but we were faced with tolerance for the drug. I quit DXM b/c it now didn't do shit for me.

Now a year has gone by and my heart races all the time when I'm not doin shit. I also get a little sharp pain or tightness feeling. It's bogus as hell, 4-real. I quit smoking cigs but not the ganja. I also don't blow heroin anymore, trip, shroom, or roll nonna that. When I smoke weed my heart races usually it sucks the most.I believe because I only did heroin 4x it wasn't that, tripped on LSD 3x, and rolled on MDMA 2x, shroomin! 3x

I got a 'King of Hearts Event Recorder' to record my heart rate. In about 2 weeks I get to see my cardiologist, I was on a waiting list for a month. its all good though I put my faith in God that I'll be OK, I'm still here. (Thanx GOD).