I have watched my wife of 25 years get seduced before my very eyes.  It is no longer me she wants at night.  Given the choice between the two, I lose out every time.  I can't do anything right, I am losing.  Her mood swings and bitter attacks towards me are unbearable.

Is my foe better looking than me?  No, unless you like the looks of a small pill with Ambien CR written on it.

After about four months on Ambien, I told my wife she needed to find the root cause of her sleeplessness (lack of exercise and dependence on reality TV, all reality TV being the obvious root causes).  What did she do?  Had her doctor change her from the evil Ambien to the saintly Ambien CR.  Apparently, the medical profession likes the timed-release route to addiction better than the all-at-once technique.

Here we are, one year, 365 doses of the 'new miracle drug' later.  We are talking about a drug that was primarily studied for a less-than-a-week period, then stretched-out to an amazingly long 28 days and branded 'SAFE.'  The FDA wouldn't approve aspirin if submitted today, but this little marriage wrecker is deemed okay?

I should add that my wife works in a doctor's office, not as a health care provider, but in the insurance/billing/referral business.  Apparently, merely being near an MD makes anyone a medical professional.  My wife has diagnosed me with everything from the Ebola Virus to Legionnaires Disease.  Okay, I exaggerate, but she did have her doctors convinced that my daughters menstrual cramps needed emergency gall bladder surgery.  Thankfully, I stepped in and offered a less invasive cure, 'waiting for her period to end.'  Make me an honorary doctor, I was right!  I add this because all it takes is one person who has the ability to prescribe medicine, and a friend or employee who eats the same free drug vendors' lunches every day, and just like that an addiction is born.

I guess I left out the specifics:

Side effects (all but one after the Ambien has worn-off):  Huge mood swings, a once peaceful woman hitting me with anything she can find, denial, headaches, blurred vision, sleepwalking, forgets something she said five minutes earlier, and calls the 10 witnesses who heard it all a bunch of liars, etc, etc, etc.