The following are my notes made during and after the experience with no major alterations.  The week before I took a holiday from all phenethylamines and tryptamines as well as caffeine.

1:06 PM- I mixed 250mg 2CT-7 in 250 mL of water and heated to completely dissolve everything.  A little chemical smell but ok taste.  I poured myself 22mL for approximately 22mg 2CT-7.

1:16- It's hard to tell if I already have an alert.  I'm so excited about this new material!  Right now I'm sitting down with Shulgin's PiHKAL, to Dante, Ginger, and God to get me in the mood.

1:50- Definite visual distortion is beginning.  It comes in waves though- a little plateau, then back down, only to go higher with the next push.  It's all still very subtle though.

1:54- I go on a walk and feel numb, with a lot of parathesia (little shivers).  The effects are growing exponentially every 15 minutes!

2:47- I'm being overcome with washes of color, and movement.  There are large sweeping movements of growth and decay.  My nausea feels like nervousness, not the windy road, turbulent plane kind of nausea.  There are tracers, and I see what people mean when they say their skin is 'crawling.'  (not frightening though)

The world moves with music

2:57- Reds and greens and so much movement.

3:08- Marvelous introspection and lucidity.  The mirror scared me.  I need to confront myself, my weaknesses, my fears.

It feels like I'm a little child, just being happy watch all the colors wash over me.

5:44- I'm having fun and confident I can control this material.  Upped the ante 8mg.

8:10- It was a beautiful sunset and later I watched Larry King's interview with Walter Cronkite.  I can scarcely put into words the admiration I gained for his dedication to his work.  It taught me a lot, and gave me the resolve to find my own niche.

9:19- 2CT-7 is remarkable.  It's at least as powerful as MDMA in its ability to guide us toward insight, but it all stays very real and down to earth.  It's so much easier to integrate than MDMA.  I feel mobilized to act, rather than the MDMA feeling that 'everything is already perfect.'  Turning now to the body load... I find it to be completely tolerable.  My nervousness in the beginning felt like it so going to precipitate into something worse, but it never happened.  I'm sweating, and there's some muscle tension (particularly in the jaw, legs and back).  It all sounds so horrible, but it's not!  I also felt like I was shaking a lot and was compelled to do repetitive actions.  I have no history of OCD, but I got hung up a few times.

4:00 AM - yawn, I'm finally able to go to sleep.

The day after- I am wonderfully impressed with 2CT-7.  It's so comfortable and such a great way to experience the power of psychedelics without some of the difficulties of LSD.  By this I mean I always felt in control and able to process all the input to my brain.  The peak of my experience came around T+3:00 - 3:30.  I was literally being inundated with waves of color and euphoria.  I also saw the fractals.  These are beautiful swirls of red, green, and blue that just emanate and spin.  This was probably the only time I had real CEV.  Most of the visuals consisted of size distortion, color swirling, lights and darks inverting, lots of trails and tracers, and this doesn't even begin to describe all on the inside!

I can't begin to quantify how therapudic this material is, not to mention how fun.  Like the other psychedelics and entheogens 2CT-7 gives us a chance to step outside the normal limits of our mind and explore ourselves with amazing freedom.  I've given a little bit of thought as to what 2CT-7 should be named.  I think Beautiful is a great name as is Lucky 7.  For me, I'd like to draw on the great explorers of the past and call this material Freedom 7.  Nearly 50 years ago these men took mankind's first definitive step into space.  Today, 2CT-7 is our vehicle into self and is every bit as amazing as those first exciting expeditions.  For those who are still wondering if 2CT-7 is worthwhile, it is.  It really is.  It's Freedom 7.  Godspeed.