Where to begin. It was about 8:00 pm, my friend X (I say 'X' for confidentiality) and I were on the topic of drugs; primarily discussing psychoactives. My friend X and I some how got on the topic of speed. We began to read and research online as much as possible about methamphetamine, amphetamine, and methylphenidate. I had experienced with DXM, Ecstasy, Salvia Divinorum, and Marijuana in the past but found myself unsatisfied with their effects. As I read more and more about the types of speed available to me (amphetamine, methylphenidate) I became extremely inclined to buy some. It was about 8:20 pm or so by this time and mind you that it was a school night and I had procrastinated a french project and studying for a big test I had in chemistry. So my friend X informed me that he had an ample and steady supply of Concerta available to him since he was prescribed it.

At 8:30 X gave me five 36 mg Concerta pills that had the label 'alza 36' on them. I ingested three of the five 36 mg pills, adding up to a total 108 mg. I went back to my house and decided I would relax for the next 40-60 mins, the presumed onset time for oral ingestion on an empty stomach. Well at about 9:10 I began to feel a strong euphoric sensation. I felt extremely motivated, confident, and focused. Suddenly I felt the desire to talk to everyone on my buddy list, even people I normally do not talk to. Since I was feeling so wonderful I felt compelled to make others feel great too. My girlfriend called me and noticed that I was extremely talkative, empathetic, and euphoric. I constantly was complementing her and encouraging her throughout our conversation. I led the whole conversation seeing as how I was able to speak continually without stopping to think. To my amazement I was able to organize and process my thoughts into perfectly understandable thought-trains and could precisely express anything that crossed my mind. 

At around 10:30 I remembered I still had a french project to complete and a major test to study for so I decided it was best to complete these tasks. Now normally I would have procrastinated another thirty minutes before even retrieving my backpack to begin my homework. Just the thought of having to do such arduous and dull tasks would have kept me sitting at my computer. But this night my feelings of procrastination and apathy were completely non-existent. I said to myself 'I should probably do my french project' and felt no temptation to not do so AT ALL. I felt EXTREMELY motivated, happy, and focused as I began to work on this project. Normally I would have struggled to stay focused on this objective or would have only given 50% effort. Needless to say I finished the entire project in an astonishing 15 min.

Directly following the completion of my french project I decided to begin studying for my chemistry test. I walked over to my dining room table and pulled out my chemistry notes feeling very excited and almost overjoyed at the thought of studying for this test and achieving a high grade. I began to review my notes at a very rapid pace, almost like a machine. I could read through my notes continuously without any feelings whatsoever of boredom or exhaustion. I was able to understand everything perfectly that I read and on top of all these benefits my memory retention was simply super human. As I read through the packet I was able to not only absorb new information but review information in the back of my mind that I had previously studied. I knew that the speed wasn't making me more intelligent, but that it was only optimizing what potential I have always had. I was a machine, a workaholic, a superman.

After an hour or so I noticed that I had completely mastered my chemistry review and saw it no longer necessary to review my notes. So as a reward to myself I decided to listen to music in my room and just enjoy resting. Normally I listen to industrial, rock, or alternative music but at the moment I felt the desire to listen to some inspirational music. It was extremely satisfying and it complemented my current state of euphoria. After I started up my music I began to surf the web aimlessly engaging in research on things I would never normally find interesting (i.e. chemical research). If I read something it completely consumed my attention and effort. I could virtually silence my surroundings as if they were not there. I could focus so well on the reading in front of me that I could speed read  the material. Normally if I were to 'speed read' I would find myself reading passively and not absorbing any of the information I had read. I was able to read not only much faster than normal, but I was able to picture things in my mind and remember things precisely as I had originally read them. 

By about 6:00 am I noticed that the effects were almost fully worn off and thoughts of sleep began to cross my mind. Now I must note that through the whole night never once was I hungry or sleepy. I felt as if I was exempt from the need for sleep or food. The only normal human habits that I continued were to drink water and occasional trips to bathrooms. Anytime I went to the bathroom I would piss for an average of about 20 seconds. I don't find this all that surprising seeing as how my mouth becomes.

Finally at 6:00 am I forced myself to sleep. It took me about 15 min or so to fall asleep but I was able to since the drug was for the most part extinguished from my system. I slept for one hour since I had to get up at 7:00 am to get ready for school. I woke up feeling extremely content and normal. I did not notice any irregularities or hangover effects. I did not feel any addictive urges towards methylphenidate physically, but I felt psychologically a strong desire to induce more speed so that I may have the same focus, motivation, and sociability during my school day. 

At 7:15 I ingested two more 36 mg Concerta pills. I figured that by this time the past dose would be nearly cleared my system and was no longer active. About 40 min later I began to feel a euphoric rush as I seated myself in my chemistry class waiting anxiously to take the test. I was very awake and aware of everything. It seemed as though having only one hour of sleep had not effected me whatsoever. My teacher passed out the test and I literally was able to fly through it. I had all of my knowledge at my fingertips and I could think very deeply and clearly about any question given to me. And just like my previous night high I was not distracted at all by my surroundings. Other students were speaking out loud to ask questions and this did not distract me or disrupt my thought trains as it normally would have. After my chemistry test I felt extremely well accomplished and confident in my self. Through the remainder of the day I felt only a slice of what I had experienced the night before which only made me want more speed. That feeling right there is an obvious proof that methylphenidate can be addicting. 

After school at 3:00 pm I made a visit to my psychologist for a scheduled appointment and discussed many personal issues and of course my first use of methylphenidate. At this point I still felt very sociable and open, which made my discussion with my psychologist even more beneficial. At 4:00 pm the appointment was over and I headed home to rest. By 5:00 pm I felt completely uneffected and normal. No excessive confidence, sociability, or ambition.