I saw a movie at national geographic called, 'The cocaine mummies'. They said ancient egyptians used to ingest lotus as a narcotic drug (forgive my english; i am from Bulgaria). so i went next day to the national botanik garden secretly hoping i will find that rare flower. and o,god there it was gently showing its sheen -- my Blue lotus.I quickly looked around and with 'snake style' speed the flower ended up in my pocket. Trust me there was no other way to get lotus in Bulgaria. Any way, i went home and divided the flower by two. Immersed one part in red wine and drying for smoking the other.

 So next day i drank the wine with the plant inside and smoked two hits cannabis and two hits lotus. I moved to my room which walls are beautifully decorated with shining gift paper golden and pink. It look like Salvador dali picture. Very trippy:)) Psychedelic room. I have one precious stone which i embedded into a cotton and i put it in front of my eye so that all room is looking multidimentional through the prismatic stone. And the trip began! Amazing! I looked for the swich of the music some ambient meditations and started to dance around my room during mooving everything around is shining in a sophisticated way. trust me you have to see this, psychedelicious. I felt warming in the front lobes area it was definately not the cannabis that was the mystic power of the lotus. i spend one hour floating into  hyperspatial universe of  fire lights and visual delights that make LSD-25 visuals look like a simple screen saver. I was into tunnels of light golden cities at the bottom of vast bright sea with fishes running around my eyes, that combination is cool:)). I finaly went to bathroom and find out that my body is responding on water shower like lily!!! my skin felt the water like the flower. i didnt expect that trip that great! Every drop of water is giving me life and ecstasy. I stayed one more hour inside the bathtub. It is definately a aphrodisiac. I satisfied myself two times with the water on my skin all over and on the end my clitoris was distinctive delight.

 For 7 hours i experiansed 'afterglow'of well-being. i am happy normally, but that was even more intense.