It all started with me and a close friend taking 2ct7 at around, 8 o'clock pm.  Until then, I had had three previous experience with orally injested 2ct7 and I had no intention of taking foxy.  I wanted to 'push the envelope' so to speak by taking 42 miligrams as I had take around 30 miligrams, 24 and then 32.  (The first time was an eyeballed dose, after that my friend acquired the proper measuring device.)  At around 8:30, my friend who was a female, (had taken 32 miligrams and this was her first experience) we'll call her V, began to exhibit severe symptoms of nauseau, uneasiness around people that she knew, inability to function whatsoever.  She made it apparent that me and another friend, who was sober, should go run the errands we had to do even though I felt horrid about leaving her there.

We returned approximately 2 hours later, I was still feeling absolutely nothing, other than cold as it was about 10 degrees outside.  V. was still having severe issues, but we are extremely close and was comfortable with me around, so my other friends left to go do other things while I kept her company.  Another hour had passed and still nothing, I became very upset with the lack of effect.  I, at this point, was experience mild visual distortion and a strange body buzz.  Determined to trip, I dosed on some foxy I had stored away, and the shut off the lights to listen to Sasha at Ibiza.

After a few songs into it, V began to become much more coherent and somehow, in that time period, between her soothing me and psyching me into tripping, and the foxy taking effect, I began experiencing a trip unlike anything I'd ever had.  I began getting visual distortion far more intense than any LSD or Psilocybin trip or 2ct7 trip, for that matter, within an hour.  My other friends returned and V and I decided to go with them.  I was not driving and we went to several different, amusing places.  I chose to stay outdoors and stare at the sky for a few hours.  Mind you, I dosed on the 2c at 8:10pm, and the foxy at 12:30 am, and this all began to effect me sometime between 12:30 and 1 o'clock.  There was a definate period of time, approximately 4 hours, which I felt nothing from the 2c.  

We ended up going to an acquaintances small appartment where everyone but V and I began to engage in somewhat coked up or beaned out discussions of their past drug use, their drugs, their life with drugs and how they loved drugs.  I became very discomfortable there as my use of drugs is primarily hallucinogen based and is for the use of mental expansion and furtherment.  Needless to say, I began to see the absolute shallowness of everyone around me, which I had been ignoring for a long time as these aren't irregular people for me to hang out with.  I then returned to my place of origin, V's dorm where we discussed the night and eventually said good bye.  It is now 11:25 am, t+15:25 approximately and sleep is still far from my grasp, though I am absurdly tired and wish I could.  I have plans with my family today, it being the hollidays and whatnot.

I wondered if anyone had heard of 2c not having effects until you take something else, or any other reason why it could have been not effecting me until almost 5 hours after I took the 2ct7.  I doubt the foxy could have produced such profound effects as my dealings with it previously had been mainly body sensations and slight, tryptamine type visuals.  Irregardless, I was definately pleased with the way things ended up as I have never tripped so hard in my entire life.  The visuals were far beyond anything acid has shown me, and the mental aspect was minimal.  I have decided I feel that this drug does produce a mind effect, in stead, it is less confusing and more easy following that LSD or other drugs.  It offers little confusion, more....a glance at the over all trueness of things.

I have heard of people calling 2c 'beautiful', even though I dislike the nickname, I feel my experience today, was exactly that.

-Philo (Dan)