Some friends and I were working on a major artistic project together. As a bonding experience, we decided to take shrooms together. This was my first experience with anything stronger than marijuana, so I was very nervous about taking mushrooms. However, friends had told me that it was important to go into it with a good mindset, so I concentrated, grounded, and told myself I'd have a good time.

We took the mushrooms, and then sat down to watch a movie, Koyaanisqatsi, at the suggestion of the owner of the house we were in. This is already a quite powerful movie, and as the lazy effects of the shrooms kicked in, it grew to be twice as deep and powerful. At one point in the movie, many people are moving through a subway terminal, and the film is sped up. As they moved, I began to see streaks of color behind them.

As the trip set in, we decided to drive (stupid, I know) to a 'Hoot Night' at a local club. I found myself grinning, and often laughing uncontrollably. The music was interesting, and I found myself contemplating the beauty of all the people there -- I was struck that I had a hard time determining the gender of people, but didn't really care because they were all beautiful. However, I grew bored of the club and went outside.

Now, I'd been there several times before. It was located in a somewhat run-down, urban wasteland -- there was a machine shop next door, a massive pair of smoke stacks across some train tracks, and several menacing, fenced in businesses with signs warning of attack dogs. But to me, the smokestacks were a beautiful purple. The tracks and train were wonderful in their symmetry. After a while, contemplating metaphors & symbolism of them and wishing I had my notebook (I'm a poet :), I wandered back to find my friends on the back porch (or loading dock) of the establishment. We lay back and gazed up at the clouds.

I saw amazing things in the clouds -- blimps, and patterns. The color red throbbed in and out of them rhytmically. At one point, the full moon seemed to wink at me just like in old Victorian illustrations. We all saw some unusal things as well, some shared hallucinations which may have been products of the drug or just the magical night at the club (anything is possible in this town!). 

I found myself with a bad case of the munchies. We were all getting tired, and we wandered back towards the house. On the way back, a friend offered me his pipe, well packed with kind bud. He told me it would ease the come-down I took a deep inhale and the effects were immediate. Then, I discovered the pipe wasn't even lit! The enhanced smell had been enough to make me feel it (then we lit it of course).

Back at the house, I enjoyed some Ben & Jerry's ice cream, and then went to another friend's house to watch a stupid spaghetti western and crash for the night. The come-down was very mellow and easy, whether from the pot or not, I can't tell.

The only bad parts of the experience were the manic laughter/grinning (no worse then pot), as well as some occasional muscle twitchiness during the beginnings of the trip -- something I experience sometimes anyway on pot, and sometimes sober due to a health condition, so this may be peculiar to me.

The positives were a sense of beauty in everything from people to buildings to the city streets we drove on. This felt very warm. I felt connected to all things and beautiful as well, and this sensation lasted for several days afterwards. I hope to try shrooms again soon, and will share the experiences when I do.