My best friend was leaving for college in a week or two, so she and I decided to spend a night at her house vibing out together.  We picked up some pot from a friend, made a pit stop at 7-11 for some Sour Patch Kids (so so good) and then hit her house.  Lucy (the afore mentioned friend) cued up the Grateful Dead, and I packed our bowls, sitting on the floor.  We sparked up at about 10:30pm and didn't stop smoking until 11:00 or there about.  We always have a good time together and this shot wasn't to dissapoint.  I glidded gently into a pleasant stoned feeling over the course of a half hour, and laughed and goofed around with lucy, trying to figure out what my hair resembled (I'd just had my hair braided which was a far cry from the mountains of curls I usually have)

About an hour into our highs, I was rolled over by a warm, beautiful feeling flowing through me.  I started to rock back and forth (a habit I have, when extremely happy or comfortable) and was left breathless for a few moments.  I couln't quite place what I was feeling, though I knew it was wonderful.  Then, it hit me.  I knew what I was experiencing... I was in tune with the universe!  All the things I had ever worried about, never understood, had pondered, all made sense.  I didn't have the words for their reasoning, but I knew it was there.  I understood people as a whole, I knew why things happened.  Animals were perfect and rational, wars and peace melted together in an understanding of one another, the stars and planets were my peers, and I was at complete peace with all and every.  

At this point my rocking had become apparent to Lucy, who turned to me and gently asked, 'are you okay?'  I was at a loss for words... I just shook my head left and right, not to the negative of her question, but at disbelief in the beauty I was part of.  I finally managed, 'I understand everything'.  My heart swelled up in my chest, and I thought my soul was going to blow out of my body and fly around the world- sort of welcoming in her new friend.  I grinned and rocked and almost cried for 15 minutes, while I swam in my serenity.

Lucy seemed in a dream-like state to me, and she responded with something close to, 'that's beautiful'.  We remained glowing for another hour or so before we drifted off into a peaceful, swaying sleep.

Not all of the feeling I had that night has left me.  I took back from it the thought that Everything Does make sense, and that a person Can be at total peace with existance.  I don't understand everything all the time, but I feel now, as though I am a few hops closer to being a gleeful, ultimatley peaceful, child of the universe.  

I guess this is how Jerry felt when he wrote 'Ripple'.