I had heard that the best way to experience a full Salvia journey was a really hot burn and a *huge* lung-full. Well, I did just this using a simple homemade hooka. I cleared the entire bowl (packed tight) and held it in my lungs for about 10 seconds. I was thinking 'mmmm.. I bet nothing happens' when WHAM! All of a sudden my entire reality was twisting, bending, warping around some invisible point in space of importance. I have no words to explain what happened over the next few minutes. All I can remember is alien words inside amazing swirling, geometric patterns, and extreme heat - I was sweating profusely apparently. 

What is of greater significance to me was what it left. As I was 'unwinding,' I was explaining to my girlfriend how I felt. I was transfixed on a candle sitting on a coffee table. I was completely convinced that this was not 'real' and everthing 'is the same.' I knew I could bend the candle flame with my mind. The greatest suprise came as I explained this ... in my own words...

'Everything is not real. The flame, the candle, the tree. It is all the same. It is nothing, and everything.'

Well, I did not notice straight away but my girlfriend said 'What tree?' ... 

I had not 'seen' the coffee table as a tree... but somehow my mind knew it was NOT a coffee table... it was a tree... 

It is amazing how we take things of nature and change them, mold them, break them... and then completely insult their entire being, my 'forgetting' what they are. From this day forth every such piece of nature is clear to me, and I am ashamed of how I have been.

Needless to say, this experience was INTENSE. I was very frightened, yet did not fear the plant itself. What I feared most was myself... and I felt guilty at my own being and the plant let me know that.

This plant is wonderful, and I know it is FAR from finished with me.... but I do have advice. When done properly this experience is EXTREMELY intense. If you do not have experience with the mind-altering effects of plants other that marijuana, I would be VERY careful - even my experiences with LSD and Mushrooms were nothing compared to this (albeit much longer).