I am in my 40s with about 30 years drug experience under my belt, including MDMA (I used to sell it before it was 'scheduled' in the US) and GHB (I mention it because of its MDMA-like and Neurontin-like high), and almost everything else (heavy emphasis on psychedelics). My general health is excellent and I am in very good physical condition. The only meds I am taking are Buspirone and citalopram for GAD, a condition I have had chronically off and on since childhood, unfortunately. My state of mind was one of relaxed amusement at the time of the experience, and the purpose of the experience was to see if there was recreational, social-enhancement, relaxation, and/or euphoric potential for Neurontin based on the reports of a good friend (who provided me with the dose).

The experience took place on 18 June 2003, in San Francisco.

I spent most of the time with a very good, very drug savvy friend, who provided me with the dose and took the Neurontin with me. My friend and I began at a breakfast place in the Haight Ashbury, and then on to most of the afternoon in Golden Gate Park, then to my friend's apartment. From there a walk home and then out later to a bar with friends.
It took about an hour for the first dose of 1500mg to kick in, and it felt more like a subtle, but definitely noticeable, mood shift. I was expecting a rush, but that did not happen. At about 1 1/2 hour we did another 1500mg by 2 hours we were feeling the full effect. Did a couple 'boosters' over the next 2 hours and I felt the effects until about 10:30 in the evening about 10-11 hours total.

Our interaction consisted mainly of my friend becoming very chatty, which is fine because she is very interesting and I was happy to let her do most of the talking. We talked for hours mostly about social/political and media-related observations, and thoughts and feelings about art and pleasure, and frank, insightful observations about ourselves and people we know. Interactions with other people we encountered were Ecstasy-like in that they were warmer and more open than usual and with a feeling of ease around the limits of mine and other's needs attached to any interaction, as well as feeling like there was an easy and appropriate way through every interaction.

The effects of the drug were very mildly sedating and, like Ecstasy, somewhat sensuous on a body level. I felt most of the anxiety held in my body and any body judgment issues fall away. I was easier to 'just Be' on a body level. I often feel inclined to walk when in this state, and this time was no different. 

It also felt very good to lay on a blanket in the park with my friend. I got a bit of the 'rubber legs' feeling that has been reported as a side effect of Neurontin, but not the stagger effect that has also been reported. Colors seemed a little deeper and all the senses a bit magnified in a pleasurable way. Unlike Ecstasy or even GHB, there was no 'edge' - no jaw clenching, no eyeball twitching, or anything like that, in fact, nothing speedy or edgy or buzzy in any way. Neurontin was amazing in that respect, actually. The come-down was the easiest I've ever experienced on any substance - more like a subtle, gentle mood shift than anything else. Unlike Ecstacy, on Neurontin I can become hungry and eat and become sleepy and nap.

Neurontin put me in a very easy, open mood a very good mood. Like Ecstacy, kind of a warm neutrality, where all judgments seemed 'appropriate' and issue-free. My insights while on it revolved around the utopian desire for humanity to design life as a celebration from birth to death, where work is hyper-efficient and minimized, and leisure and pleasure is strived for and maximized.

In conclusion, it's a lot like a single dose of E without the rush, the edge, or the crash. I have never experienced such an easy on and easy off on any drug before. The occasional, recreational use of the drug is probably a lot different than the prescribed therapeutic experience, and I wonder if it is probably wise to not do it too often as the recreational benefits might decrease. Apparently the recreational dose is fairly high. Still it lasts longer than E and is much cheaper at about $14 a dose. Probably not a good drug for dancing all night, but a very nice daytime high.