I am not a normal user of mind-altering substances but recently took advantage of working with ayahuasca guided by a shaman in Peru.  I remember him telling me about Datura and similar effects on the mind/body.  Living in southern California, it is all around so I decided to pick some and experiment.  One night I picked about 6 leaves and boiled them into a tea in my house.  After seeping it for about 20 minutes I drank the tea and chewed the leaves.  After about an hour I noticed that it hit me really hard and I was losing my balance.  It felt like I was very drunk, however I was thinking clearer then with alcohol.  I did a lot of research and realized that it is a very dangerous substance so I knew immediately that I should go to bed.  Since I didn't have a shaman to guide me I knew I would use this teacher plant as a lucid dreaming device, instead of hallucinating in the waking hours.   If I stayed awake I could have gotten myself into serious trouble, as many people have done with Datura.  

I walked down the hall toward my bedroom and needed to hold onto the walls for support.  When I got into bed I immediately fell asleep and had lucid dreams all night long -- one after the other.  The entire time I was asleep I was in a lucid dream.  The lucid dreams were wonderful and took place in my house and in surreal landscapes.  At one time I physically woke up and walked to the kitchen to get some water but heard a man talking to me in my head.  I was completely alone in the house.   It also didn't sound like a nice voice and it scared me, so I went back to bed without getting the water.  One more interesting thing was, as I was waking up from some of the lucid dreams, I saw people in my room with me.  They would just fade away like a ghost.  For some reason that didn't scare me though.   

I learned a lot from the experience especially about the things you can do while lucid dreaming.  The dreams seemed as real as waking life.  I might try it again some day.  I am just nervous since it is so powerful. If you decide to try it, for your safety, I would suggest going to sleep so you don't physically hurt yourself, and staying in bed all night because it affects you for hours.  You also really need to respect it -- it is not something to take lightly.