Its a week before my birthday and I'm in my 2nd semester at college. Im in a pretty good state of mind although this past week has been pretty stressful. In general im pretty experienced with psychoactive compounds and typicly take high dose's my first time with a substance. Three nights ago on friday myself and two good friends purchased what we were told were 4 triple stack sunshine's. At 12:00 we all took our pills but within 15 minutes I knew that it wasnt X. I could already feel a wounderful ball of gentile heat bloom in my torso then rapidy spred to my legs. At T plus 20 min I found it very difficult to even pack my bong, im so glad that I kept at it becasue that bong hit was the best one I have ever taken. 

After everone had their hits and I could relax(we're in my door room and the RA's suck ass here)as soon as I did I noticed some mild OEV's and decided to close my eyes, when I did I saw a world of flowing ecsher like mosaic type images which would in zipper like actions coalese and tear apart and these images seemed to take on actual phyiscal properties because they would interact with each other when they merged, most of the colors were a kind of subdiude neon pastels but also with alot of shimmering grey hues. When I opened my eyes again I noticed that what I saw with my eyes closed kind of transfered to what ever was in front of me, I also noticed a kind of ecstacy like body feeling, it felt ooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh sooooooooooooooo goooooood to touch my self anywhere on my body but I did not have those extream feelings of empathy and closeness associated with X, I mean there were some but very vey mild, something maybe like a 1/4 of a pill of X and a bong hit would make me feel. 

All of this happened within the first hour and a half after injestion and only intesefied to the 3 hour mark. After that it was a very slow and fun drop of till about 8 in the morning and even then though I had no body buzz any more I still saw noticeable OEV's.

The only negatives to the experience were the jaw clenching, though not the worst I have ever had it by far, and the headache I was left with, though I will say 2 advil cleared that up quite nicely. When I awoke the next day my girlfriend was there and thats when I noticed another unexpected side effect, the sex we had when I woke up was some of the best sex I have ever had, ever sensation was intensified but even with that it lasted longer than is usual and the culminating orgasm was almost incapacitating (in the best possible way). All in all I plan on purchaseing some pure 2c-I in the near future to see if that is what I actually got because I loved whatever was in that beatiful little pill.

* as a side note I would like to say that even though all parties had an amazing time if we had split up the 4th pill we had things could have easily turned for the worse and probably would have if I hadnt noticed that we had taken what I thought to be a 2c compound, because we had originally planned to snort the last pill, which with anything with a steep dose/response curve can be very dangerous when you dont know how much of what is in the pill. With that said I strongly discourage misrepresenting a drug just to line your pockets or for any other reason it is dangerous and irresponsible and its things like that that cause overdoses and the enevitalbe news stories proclaming the rightouseness of the 'war on drugs' and the dangers to poor impresionable minds, which leads to more paranioa and ignorance so in essence not only are you hurting your own generation when you do something like that you strengthen the enemies argument and resolve..... Very foolish indeed.