I was at the home of a newly acquired friend.. he tells me that he's got 5 bottles of liquid ketamine.  I haven't indulged in that substance in a while so I decided to return to the 8th circuit..

I had never injected Ketamine before, but I knew it was supposed to be a cleaner trip.  I was also unsure of an appropriate dose to do in this manner, but my friend said 1 ml was par for the course.  So I injected it into my shoulder and turned around.. we were talking about the ketamine experiences of our past.. then a minute or so later.. we trailed off into silence.  I leaned my hand against the wall.. and it was stuck there.. all of a sudden, reality folded up like an accordion.  I found my self becoming aware of being aware of being aware of 'myself', who had become a concept, an abstraction.  I had become 'unstuck' from consensus reality.  I now understood the everett-wheeler-graham model of quantum mechanics on an intuitive level.  This states essentially, that at each quantum 'moment', the universe splits into many alternate realities, one in which the particle goes to 'x', one where it goes to 'y', etc.. And now I saw that consciousness was the hidden variable, pushing through those alternate realities.  Only in this state I could pick and choose which one I wanted to go to. It was like flipping pages in a book.  The physical world in fact seemed flat and I could see 'underneath the board' so to speak.  I was meta-aware of these quantum possibilites.. this may account for the high degree of synchronicity that accompanies deep k trips..

Unlike DMT for instance, where one 'shapes' reality, here I was selecting it.  This observation / discovery phase seemed to last quite a long time.  I was becoming antsy. I wanted to exist and act and move again.. so I picked a reality and pulled myself back to consensus reality.. folding and sliding my way back.. ''quantum origami came to mind.. i was not at baseline by any means of course, but at least in a physical reality.. I was moving through space-time again.  I was immediately hit by the normal k perceptions, dry, flat, plastic were the adjectives that best described the physical world.. I feel that I actually did end up in a reality of my own choosing, even after returning to baseline.  Things were different than they would have been had I not selected to pop up here.. only slightly though.. the difference between adjacent realities being a matter of one particle at a time.. Perhaps Dr. Leary was right about ketamine being the key to the 'neuroatomic' level of consciousness.  I think the main thing is to do enough to really get unstuck, while not enough to hole out.  Perhaps injecting, by delivering the dose instantly and abruptly also had something to do with it.  At any rate.. I'm not motivated to do that again right away.. but someday I will go back to that place beyond the universe as we know it.