I'm tellin' you right now this shit is definatly just like heroin.  It has become very big on the east coast and I believe all over the country. Two pharmacy's in my area have been broken into by fiends lookin' for O.C.'s. I love them personally because they are guaranteed. I mean, if you get a bag of dope the purity is not guaranteed. Unless I'm the only one whose ever come across dishonest heroin dealers(Which I'm sure I am not). But Oxy's are always good, as long as you know what they look like. The 80 mg pills are smaller green coated pills with the letters OC on one side and the numbers 80 on the other. Go figure, huh? and when I get Them I usually suck off the green coating and crush them into a powder and then snort it, or you could cook it and boot it if you prefer. 

I would honestly recommend doing only a quarter of one your first time (20 milligrams). and then if you want to get really killed keep stepping it up in incriments of 10 milligrams every half hour or so. BUT BE CAREFUL!!! I'm serious when i say it's as potent as a bag of dope. You can O.D. on the shit so watch it. Just use good judgement when you do them. My expierences with them have always been good but that's just me and my friends. But we can handle our shit.(With the occasional vomiting that goes along with all strong opiates of course). They come in 5mg,10 mg,20 mg,40mg,80mg,and now 160mg pills all ranging in color but they will always have OC and the milligram on them. You can usually get them in singles from someone who sells their perscription because doctors are giving them out like candy anymore. Or sometimes if you get lucky in wholesale from some shady bastard who has a pharmaceutical hookup. But watch out for these sneaky, green little bastards. They pack a powerful punch. All the dopeheads i know will trade bags for O.C.'s any day. If your fancy is more dopey, chilled out shit as compared to speed, you'll love these fuckers. Well, that's about all I have to say for now so happy trails.    MURF