Let me just start out by saying that I'm 23, and only began smoking and drinking when I was 20. So I've done quite a few drugs in a short span of time, but I've still had fun experiences. This was my first time on E. 

It was me and 5 other people, my 4 friends, and my friend's boyfriend. We rented a cheap hotel room and started the night off. Since it was my friend C. and my first time we took 1/2 to start.  I'm really impatient and the other 4 people had told me how great it was. So I kept saying, how come I'm not feeling anything, and they just kept saying, be patient...but I hadn't felt anything for like 45 minutes, so we smoked our first blunt.

This was a rather special night cuz I had just forgiven C. not too long prior to this for something that caused us not to speak for like 2 months.  But I spent most of the night talking to M. my friend's boyfriend. Not in a sexual manner, but just about random shit. I did most of the talking, I told him about really personal shit, I cried, I screamed, I got paranoid that people were gonna complain, it was a great night, the best night of my life up until that point.  It felt like I'd never be any happier than I was at that moment.  And I started to view life differently. It felt like I'd never be any happier than I was at that moment.  And I started to view life differently. I was a very closed minded individual, but doing this drug made my mind more susceptible to other peoples views, and knowledge, and life experience. And it made me more open to hearing the nice things my friends who love me were saying about me. (All of these girls I've only been friends with for 3 or less years). I was slightly more experienced with life than C. she was pretty sheltered, but I was far more sheltered than the rest of my friends were.  I was a loner before I met this group of people, and I'm in contact w/ all of them still, except M. my friend's boyfriend...break-up. Oh well...it was for the best...anyway...I spent 21 years of my life hating myself, really hating myself, and it wasn't until I did E. that I truly turned my life around.

And I am in no way saying that people should do drugs...It's just that I didn't start to like myself until I took E. I HATED myself for 21 years, I mean really self loathing at times. And I am so glad that I experienced that because now I love myself (sometimes a little too much maybe). But I am so glad I'm me, and I have E and my very best friends to thank for it E.C.L and D. And even M. I hope he's happy where ever he is. :)

[Reported Dose: "2 Triple Stack Sunflowers"]