[Erowid Note: 
The dose described in this report is very high, beyond Erowid's 'heavy' range, and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.] 

Last night I went to see my friend, lets call him... Bob. Well Bob had just gotton out of jail after serving a 6 month sentance for meth. Now me and Bob are drug buddys from way back, we started useing just about everything together. Well I had about 80 heavy pills (70mg each) of AMT, and had I known I was going to see bob, I would have made a point not to bring any because I didnt want to be the first person to give him drugs since he got out of jail.

I was sitting downtown tripping balls, wondering what the hell I was doing, when I got a call from Bob saying he was leaving tommorow to go to another state because he got his probation transfered. I knew I had to see my friend before he left so I said fuck it, I'm going.  I get to his house, which is an hour away, dont worry I had someone drive me, and I am tripping my BALLS off. I can tell he knows I'm on something so I just decide to tell him, well bob has always had a way of talking me into bad ideas and vice versa. I told him I didnt have any pills, and even if I did he couldnt take them because of the wellbutrin he had been taking. I told him, 'you could very well die' but he swore that he had quit taking them for a week, which is completly beliveable with this guy. I reached in my pocket to get my smokes and relized that I had two pills with me... well fuck. I layed them on the table.

While I was walking around telling him I would rather him not take them but he is a big boy that can make his own decisions and telling him kind of what they are like (he had never done them before) I look back at the table and BOTH the pills are GONE and this guy is just smiling up a storm. I say, 'my god, you didnt take both those did you' and he says 'yea, why?' Well Bob had just ate 140mg of AMT, so I tell him to go throw up right away, he can tell I'm not joking so he goes and throws up, he comes out of the bathroom, looks at me and says.. 'We have a Problem.'  So it begins.

Bobs pills wouldnt come up, so I tell him to buckel down because he is on for a ride. Everything starts off normal, he is tripping pretty hard, then throws up, just like he should... Then things start to get weird. I cant exactly say where it started, but he lost ALL touch with reality, which is strange because most people just get all fucked up but still have their heads.  I mean Bob kept talking about the people behind the 'Veil Of Reality', which is normal for a high LSD or muchroom trip, but I have never seen it like this before.  He was convinced that they were laughing at him and kept yelling at them to shut up.  Things get deeper.  Pretty soon he is yelling at people that arent there because they are squirting him with blood, he says he sees blood everywhere, and not just seeping out of the walls like you may think.  He said he saw it being splattered everywhere, walls, ceailing, my face, etc.  He was so fucked up that he couldnt even regester it as being scary, except when it was squirting out of my forhead and flowing out of my eyes, that scared him.  

He picked up the phone and dialed a number of this girl he knew, left a message on her machine, then dropped the phone. I picked it up and looked at the screen, he had only dialed 3 numbers. Then as soon as I saw that, he held a imaginary 'phone' up to his ear and left the same message again, talking into his hand.

Then he had a seizure. It only lasted for about 20 seconds, but that is a long-ass time to watch somebodys eyes rolling in the back of their head, muscles flexed so bad you think it may break their bones, almost chokeing on their tongue. Then when I was going to get help from his roomates I looked back before I ran out the door, his eyes fluttered a little, then came open, and he started talking jibberish again, like nothing happened.  That was the only seizure he had that night.

He did so many crazy things that I cant even explain them all.  One of them was we would be sitting in total silence, and he would say 'Oh, I LOOOVVVEEE this music, turn it up!'  So I would look at him, have my hands in my pockets, and say, 'is that better?' and he would say 'yea, thanks.' This happend around 30 or 40 times.

I just wanted to give a warning about taking AMT with wellbutrin or just a huge amount of AMT in general. In short, this was the most terrifying drug experiences of my life, and believe me, I've had some bad ones. What I said may sound funny, or maybe even cool to some of you (except the seizure part) but trust me, watching someone so out of it they dont know their name, or who they are is a very scary thing. I gave my mom the biggest hug I ever had when I saw her and told her how sorry I was for when I came home on Jimson Weed one time, just as delirous as Bob was. But thats another story for another time.

Just be very careful people, Bob almost died, it's just luck that he didnt.