This is a report of something that I dreamed about doing last night.  I had been eating 5-HTP all day in order to help me dream, and finished off 1050mg of it by 8:30pm.  At 9:50pm, I fell asleep and immediately dreamed that I ingested ~130mg of MDA.  That's when things got interesting.

t+00:15 - The pill kicked in a new record time, 15 minutes, and based on the intensity and strangeness of what I was feeling, I knew that this was too much 5-HTP to be dreaming with.  I had great experiences previously with 500mg and decided to push it and see if it got better.  Well, it didn't get better, but it sure as hell got weirder.  I began having the acid-like feeling of not knowing what the hell people were talking about.  The 3D fractal landscape poster on the wall became REALLY 3D and started moving.  I had a body feeling that resembled rolling but seemed to be beyond what my brain could process as pleasure and instead felt like a strange sensation of electrified horizontal lines moving down my body from my head.  It was not unpleasant, but not what I was expecting at all.

t+00:50 - With a crowd of friends rooting me on, I went and threw up in the toilet.  Now I have taken MDA on several occasions prior to this and never even felt a slight urge to purge, so I can only assume the 5-HTP pushed me over the line.  Vomited very little, and immediately felt better.

t+01:30 - Went to the party we were planning on going to.  Talked to some guy there who apparently didn't like drugs very much and decided to be a tool to me.  He _seemed_ like a cop to me at the time but my higher reasoning skills were still intact enough to wonder why a cop would be standing next to a keg at a giant party with underaged drinking all around him.  

t+02:00 - Everything finally tapered down to the level of a normal intensity MDA experience, without 5-HTP.  Noticed a muscular twitch in the legs, but only while standing still.  Walking around or moving totally got rid of this.  Also, managed to do a quick (inaccurate) heart rate check which seemed very normal.  Basically everything from here on out was almost identical to a normal MDA experience, with more side effects.  The rest of the night was more or less uneventful.  

t+06:00 - Sleep came with little difficulty, although I woke up every hour or 2 to go to the bathroom.  

t+17:00 - Still feeling very 'cracked out' and experiencing some more pronounced muscle tension in the neck and jaw than normal.  Skin is still more sensitive than normal, but only slightly more so and is more likely from lack of good sleep than anything.  99% baseline.

Well, that's the report.  I post that as both an experience report and a minor warning:  1000mg 5-HTP was too much to combine with MDA at least.  I don't have any MDMA available right now to try it with, but I probably won't be taking that much again either.  It was definitely fun, but nothing at all like a normal MDA experience in the beginning.  The body load was almost more than I could comfortably handle, and it would take a fairly experienced person to handle the instant comeup into strangeness without freaking out.  

What a strange dream...