It can be said, that when the universe converges all possibilities to a single night of magnificence, that all those present will be affected in different and profound ways.  For me and many of my friends, this occurrence took place in the last summer of the old millennium, on a warm July night at wreck beach.

We had all come here on previous nights in the summer, and discovered that it was a very reliable and safe place to purchase psychedelic, and other soft drugs.  Being that it was a clear night, and with nothing else to do, me and several other friends decided to head down to the beach to see what was happening. Upon arrival, we all purchased a few grams of northern lights, which is an exceptionally good strain of Mary Jane.  After sharing this herb with each other and few travelling musicians from Arizona, I decided that tonight I wanted to have my second experience with the magic mushrooms.  This was also the case for a few others in the group, and we departed the circle in order to scan the beach for a suitable dealer.  We ended up buying from a large African man with several earrings, who offered to sell them at a buy three grams – get one free rate, at five dollars a gram.  This being a very good deal, we all agreed, and I purchased three grams.  This would normally be more than enough for a dose, but because I got an extra gram for free I decided to go for it all and eat four.

Returning to the now crackling campfire where the rest of my friends were, I listened to the mellow rhythms of the drums and smoked another bowl as I anticipated the excitement of the night to come.  As the sun began it's beautiful sunset in the distance, I felt the first real effects of the mushrooms.  I remarked to my friends that I was feeling a little bit surreal and someone replied that in half an hour I would be very high. I started to get scared that I had perhaps eaten to many shrooms, and that I might freak out and have a bad trip, but I grounded myself and remained calm.  Then, just as the sun slipped behind the horizon, a lightning storm in the distance erupted into a frenzy of glory.  Lightning came crashing down into the ocean over by Delta.  'This is so crazy!' I remarked as we began to walk towards a log that was pointing out into the ocean.  We all walked along the log to the end and we were surrounded by water on both sides, and when I stepped onto the water, expecting to 'pull a Jesus' and surprise everyone, I found myself knee deep in the ocean.  

That is when things really started to get fun.  I could feel myself merging with the ocean, and could feel myself as I washed onto the beaches of Japan in endless waves.  Just then, the lightning flashed, and brought me back to where I was, and I felt like I could feel an electrical charge go through me when the lightning hit the water.  Thinking that perhaps this was not such a good idea to stand there, I started walking back to the growing campfire where I could hear drums and singing and guitar.  It took my by then tripped out friends and I quite a while to get back, as we had to maneuver around the many large sand snakes, which I realize not to be logs. When we got back to the campfire, I noticed there were many people there, all of different races and backgrounds, who all got along on the common basis of love for music, campfires, sunsets, entheogens, and lightning.  The music started to take on a life of it's own and wrap me around it and show me the forgotten corners of my mind.  I have never felt such a pure connection to everything that is, and time and space and myself disappeared and all that was left was what I can only assume to be what we call God.  This was the peak of my experience and I have drawn inspiration from it to this very day.  Remembering that moment is what gets me through a lot of though days.  

Well, after many hours of extreme fun and excitement and an incident involving a talking Bengal tiger made of galaxies, the visual effects began to diminish, and the sun began to rise.  We all gathered again, climbed the stairs back to the city, and took the long bus ride home to normal reality.  This was by far one of the best nights of my life and something that has changed my awareness significantly for the better.  If that is illegal than arrest me, but I'll never forget that experience.