8:30pm – Using a liquid measuring syringe, I measure out 1ml of my vodka/5-meo-amt mixture (50mg 5-meo-amt in 50ml of vodka).  I measured out the 5-meo-amt powder as exactly 50mg on my digital scale (2mg accuracy).  

8:45pm – Experiencing mild difficulty focusing vision and jaw clenching.  I turn down the music, it's at a level that is normally comfortable… but currently seems too loud.

9:00pm – Mild stomach discomfort.  Hands are cold.

9:05pm - Stomach is getting a little worse.  I'm Instant Messaging people and forgetting about conversations.  A friend calls; he and his girlfriend are coming over to watch a movie.

9:15pm – Stomach problems go away (never to return for the rest of the night).

9:15pm to 3:30am – I feel talkative… I feel like yakking about what's going on tomorrow, but I'm refraining because this is a trip report.  Company comes and goes, various friends of mine, we play magic the gathering, we talk, drink coffee, eat donuts.  I seemed to experience slight lack of concentration, but was quite focused when doing a single specific task, or conversing with one person… I'm not sure if this is because I read that's what happens in multiple trip reports and I just superimposed that imaginary effect onto myself or it was actually happening.  Nice body buzz, drinking lots of water and urinating frequently (though the coffee likely played a part in that, as it is a diuretic).  Not much is going on, but I like what's going on.  I'm just a little cheerier, social interaction makes me quite complacent… though, everyone is gone now, and I'm still quite complacent, No visuals.  Stretching feels good.  I don't think my friends knew I was on anything, except for the one I told, even then he didn't notice any difference in my behavior.  I'm at a +1 (Shulgin Scale), this isn't getting any stronger than it is now.  Tomorrow I think I'm going to try 1.5mg and see what happens.  I'm considering going skateboarding, I think I could drive actually (not that I would tempt fate by doing so), so I should be able to skateboard, worst case scenario I fall off my skateboard, so off I go (we'll see if physical activity will increase the effects at all).  I'm seriously having trouble resisting typing up stuff that has nothing to do with this trip report, I want to talk about how I'm putting Liszt on my mp3 player, and how I've been looking for more classical music mp3s and how there's a lot of classical music on SACD and DVD-Audio that I'd love to hear, and tell you about the benefits of SACDs and DVD-Audio discs etc.  

4:15am – Back from skateboarding, sweaty, but not exhausted, I shower.  Effects seem lesser now I'm at a +/- (I'm not sure if I'm affected anymore)… I'm having company over tomorrow, so I decide to clean up the house.

If I ever try this again, it will be at a minimum of 1.5mg.

5:45am Bedtime, I just ate a bowl of soup and got super tired.  I haven't eaten much at all today.

The next day I was fine.  I felt like I had a few beers the night before, nothing more.