I won't try to kid anyone, I have always been fond of opiates and sought them out.

Then, in my 30s, I seriously injured my back and opiates stopped being fun.  They became necessary for me to function at all and they muddled my brain slightly and as time went on they provided less and less euphoria and in fact introduced me to true addiction.

Hydrocodone was my poison but I'd get whatever I can when the prescriptions were running low.  Oxycontin, codeine and regular percosets were the usual substitutes.

I was begining to get depressed, looking into the future at a lifetime of back pain and opiate addiction.  I was very unhappy.

As luck would have it, with my doctor out of town and my regular sources for buying on the net shut-down or not answering email the day finally arrived when I took my last hydrocodone (it was either a Vicodin or a Norco).  I was going to have to face withdrawal after taking them daily for 3 years.  In the back of my mind I knew I had some shitty Canadian 10mg codeines that I could take if the withdrawal was really bad, but I hoped I wouldn't have to do that.

For my pain I switched to Ultram.  Ultram has NEVER been able to get me high.  Over the years I have had friends come to me, 'DUDE!  I'VE GOT SOME FUCKING ULTRAM, BABY!' and I'd fire some up and feel nothing.

So I started taking Ultram for the pain and it (along with Iboprofen and Norflex (a muscle relaxant)) completely erased the pain as long as it was in my system.

The most remarkable thing, however, is that whatever pseudo-opiate properties Ultram has, despite not getting me high, were enough to stroke the opiate receptors that were crying out for hydrocodone.  With the Ultram I had absolutely no withdrawals whatsoever.  It was amazing.

Now I am taking Ultram, Norflex and Iboprofen for my pain.  If a narcotic painkiller comes my way I will take it for pleasure but will avoid going down that path again.

Ultram performed a miracle for me by instantly eliminating withdrawal symptoms.  Aside from an afternoon where I was a bit snappy with my family I felt absolutely no discomfort, pain, psychological need for the hydrocodone nor any physical effects.  I never would have believed it if it hadn't happened to me.