Hanging out with good friends who were all smoking methamphetamine, I went ahead and smoked with them, knowing that I would have to go to work the next day, and not having the self control to resist.  We created music and talked about life in general.

I was really enjoying the effects of the meth after the first hit, the euphoria factor was kicking in quite well, which it doesn't always do for me, so I took another hit or two as the pipe was passed around as the next couple hours passed.

By the time I got home, I was ramped *way* up, but had nine hours to go before it was going to be time to go to work, plenty of time to begin to crash, and if I stayed up, I'd be crashing at work after no sleep....not a good situation.  I needed a controlled and quick crash to be able to deal with the next day properly. I needed a controlled and quick crash to be able to deal with the next day properly.  In my experience with meth, alcohol won't bring me down and opiates simply make me feel even more fucked up, not down enough to sleep.

My wife has a jar of seroquel that a friend had given her to help her come down from exstacy that worked miracles for her...they would knock her out quickly and without paranoia for about 10 hours, when normally she would hear ghosts and get really paranoid as she crashed.  I decided to see if it would knock me out, and took 100mg (what I considered a very large dose) about 2 hours after my last huge hit of meth. I laid down and within a half-hour was snoring so loudly my roomates could hear me 2 floors away.  I slept soundly for 8 hours, not even tossing and turning, and bounced up out of bed with plenty of energy, almost as if my meth ride had simply been placed on 'pause' while I was asleep.

<!--I heartily recommend seroquel as a tool to help recreational users  of speedy drugs come down quickly and smoothly.  -->I have since used it to sleep after cocaine use as well, never taking more than 100mg, and usually only taking 25mg.  It takes the pain out of the crash, allowing me to sleep peacefully and painlessly through what most others have to simply endure. I give extra to my more addicted meth-head pals, and it allows them to crash when they know they *should* crash, whereas normally they are afraid of coming down until they just collapse, miss work, and further fuck up their lives. In my case, seroquel allows me to play with meth without getting caught in the lifestyle trap<!-- that most meth users wind up in-->.