I had been reading about Kava Kava on the net, and it sounded pleasant to me, judging from the various reports.  So, my friend Kyle (140 lbs.) and I rolled up some blunts with pipe tobacco and cannabis, smoked at the beach, and decided to go get some.

The GNC was still open, so we drove over to the mall, and picked up a bottle of 90 500mg capsules of the root powder.  It wasn't the concentrated kind, just the regular.  Was that a mistake?  So we take the bottle home, and empty out all the pills into a couple plastic baggies, and mix ALL of it with a can of Kern's Coconut Pineapple nectar.  I also added a little canola oil, to help it mix together.  I don't have a blender, which might have been another mistake, but we whisked it up pretty good, and it seemed to dissolve well.

We were left with a milkshake-like drink, which we split, chased with another can of nectar, and some water.  The first half of it was actually somewhat pleasant-tasting to me (and only me), but the last few gulps were somewhat hard to get down.  Certainly a lot easier than drinking that much hard alcohol.  By the way, by the time we ended up drinking it at 8:30pm, I wasn't feeling the effects of the marihuana at all, which was good because I wanted to  feel the Kava Kava alone.  After we drank it, I was actually a little worried we had taken too much, as 45 pills worth each seemed like kind of a lot.

But, after about 45 mins, I really wasn't feeling much of a bodily change.  I started to feel a little more relaxed, but also a little anxious, like before I drop MDMA, because I wasn't sure what to expect.  So, an hour after drinking the stuff, at 9:30, we split a pre-mixed alcoholic drink, as to quicken the effects of the Kava.  That seemed to have little effect, other then the alcohol's.  About a half-hour after that, we went to the beach and smoked some leftover cannabis, and some resin we had collected off some bong slides.  Again, nothing but the usual high.

My friend kind of vege'd out on the couch for a while.  I was dissapointed by the whole thing, because other then a slight change initially, I really didnt feel much at all from all the Kava.  I was expecting a lot more from the amount we took.   I still want to try some of the Kava from Hawaii, and perhaps next time I'll look further into prep methods, but overall, a waste of time.