Unlike most of my psychedelic experiences, my experience with Dramamine was purely accidental and therefore more upsetting than it may be for someone who took it knowing its full effects.  This experience is also special to me as it showed me, more than any previous experience, that there is some force behind the visible world that can be tapped into. While I was on a cruise, in Hawaii, I became horribly sea sick. I had my sister go get me some Dramamine. She came back with six pills. I popped two. Half an hour later I was still sea sick so I took the remaining four, as dinner was being held soon and I didn't want to be sick during dinner. I started feeling better and headed off to the banquet hall to go eat. The banquet hall was huge, seating half of the ships occupants at a time. I sat in my seat next to the rest of my family and got ready for the meal to be served.  After they brought out the Salad I began to feel weird, but didn't think anything of it. Then they brought out the main course, Lobster. 

As I stuck my fork into the tail of the giant red sea insect, it suddenly lunged at me. The hallucination was so real I could swear it was happening, except for the fact that no one was reacting to it except me. As the lobster sat there clapping it's claws together I looked up only to see everyone in the banquet hall staring at me with the same mask-like expression. Their eyes bulged out and their mouths wide open, like zombies that are completely empty. Then their faces melted off and dripped on to the floor. I thought I was having an acid flashback or that my mind had finally fallen apart from years of psychedelic use. I was scared shitless.  I excused myself using seasickness as an excuse to head back to my room.
I wandered around the boat for an unknown period of time trying to find my room. I kept thinking that I somehow got turned around and ended up walking around in circles. Eventually, I ended up on the deck of the ship. 

Suddenly I had the thought that my girlfriend, who was back home, was cheating on me. I don't know how I knew it but I KNEW IT. I took the ring she had given me before I left and threw it into the water. I started crying uncontrollably and wanted to die. Then my brother came up to me and I told him what had happened with the ring. He hugged me, very uncharacteristic of my brother, and led me back to the room. Then my brother dissolved, right in front of my eyes. I had had enough by that point and picked up a bottle of Vodka and kept drinking until I passed out.
The next morning the ship was docked and I realized what a stupid thing I had done. How was I ever going to explain the loss of the ring to my girlfriend. I was dizzy as fuck but I had to do something. I got off the boat and ran around like a madman. I eventually came upon a weird little antique bazaar/ flea market. I looked around at every booth to find a ring to buy my girlfriend to make up for the loss. I  knew it was impossible because she had told me that the ring was her favorite, her Magickal ring. 

Then  I saw it. THE RING! I couldn't believe it. In a case in front of me in a small ring booth was the ring or at least an identical ring. The ring had such an odd design, silver band with weird designs covering it and a large moonstone, it was hard to believe there was another like it. I asked how much they wanted and happily shelled out the $10 they were asking. They said that they had just bought the ring that very day from someone who had brought it in to sell.  To this day I have no idea if the ring I bought in the bazaar was the same ring, however even if it wasn't the experience was just too weird to not be magickal.