Okay peoples! Well I had been researching dmt for prolly 2-3 years and finally decided to get some in the form of plants about 3 months ago. I tried my brew, didn't work to well as I didn't consume enough dmt, however I know how to get it right the next time around...anyway as 5-meo-dmt became available within last few years through online companies I decided well I should just get some. So with some apprehension I did successfully receive some in about a week (so much for two day delivery) I had everything prepared for it accept a scale. I knew that if i needed to I could go to the lab on campus to weight it, but i figured i'd eyeball it because everyone always says not to ;-) I had 'borrowed' a glass cyliner, the kind that measures water, from a bio lab so i might freebase it. Today i also 'borrowed' some smaller test tubes which i'll explain why soon. First off, getting some sort of glass thing, or lightbulb or whatever is probably the best idea for smoking dmt because u can see how much smoke you're getting. All you do is put some powder somewhere in the glass enclosure and then hold a flame to it, it begins to smoke in about 6 seconds...with an ordinary lighter! Remember that the smoke is actually quite translucent, or at least don't expect to see it very easily, it would help to light it near some other light source. Also keep in mind that when you do light it, if you have the glass object ready you should make sure the hole where you will suck it out is covered with your hand or something. What i did with my glass cylinder is cover the one end, and then when it was smoked up a bit i would stick a tightly rolled up piece of paper in it and suck out the smoke at the bottom and also continue breathing in the smoke as i pulled it out. Also looking inside as i held the smoke to see if any more lingered. Here's some neat insights, if you do wait for the thing to get smokey (as in a big hit) then u also are allowing other smoke to cool down that isn't directly exposed to the flame, and what that means is that the cooled down vapor will then finely coat the inside of whatever u are freebasing in. Sooooo, after a couple hits or whatever you may notice or if you can't see you could assume that u can hold the lighter to the walls or sides of whatever it is until the finely coated container melts the left over dmt. Now obviously when u smoke some of the powder u will leave a brown residue inside it, which u could hit a few more times probably, but i also emphasize the how the other cooled down smoke u didn't inhale or couldn't inhale while lighting the other majority, is still there to be hit. So yes a little amount does go a long way. Now to really get this down to a science and get the most out of your powder, you should get a mini butane torch lighter. Why? Because when u make the powder burn u will be doing it in a much faster period of time and so the other smoke will not have a chance to cool down back to solid while you're waiting for a good hit to fill. Another way around this with a normal lighter is to get a good hit, and while you're holding it in hold the lighter wherever more stuff is to get another hit, so as u exhale the first one and feel the energy hit u, u take in another hit hold it in and lay down, drop your stuff cause it's better than unconciously dropping it on yourself (hot hot hot!) 
Or try this, burn a little for a few seconds when seeing some of the first signs of smoke, breath that in, then fill up some more and breath in again, that way u are getting the smoke hot before it cools down to solid. So yes ideally you could have someone else with you to do all that for you and so u just breathe in when told. So remember I emphasize, glass for it's clarity, and also some sort of shape or bong thingy so that u can trap the smoke so u lose none of it. Also eyeballing this stuff just get a knife tip and take like....powder about the general size or amount that would be like a pin head, or a couple pin heads, that is a safe amount. It's ok to start out small, because it takes about 10-20 min per trip and the powder goes a long way so don't worry, if u don't get a good hit, then u can just try again, no rush.
Now to speak of body strain and stuff. This is powerful stuff and I would say that it is prolly one of the most potent stuff out there which basically means the new energies you tap into can fry your nervous system if you are not awakened and have beeen working on yourself. But no biggy for all you non-metaphysics out there. I just then emphasize that you take small hits just for the body rush over the period of a few days, then take a break. Basically give your body and especially your brain some time to adjust. Your nervous system and entire body have to change a lot as u expand and open to higher states of conciousness. If you feel tired later at nite after some hits during the day, or in general feel more tired in the days to follow, take this as a sign to relax and not do anymore until you feel more energized and rested and ready. I really stress this is powerful stuff that will change your life but you must take it slow. My trip to keep is super short: I got my body ready with small hits over a week or so, and did one semi big journey one time. Put my earplugs in ahead of time so i would hear no earthly distraction sounds, also was ready to lay down, freebasing the dmt on my bed. I basically..or fantastically ;-) saw the all that is, god or whatever, i was the dreamer and the dream it was beautiful and i was left reborn and laughing. Yes not much of a retelling of the story but you did not perceive as I did and so it would be pointless to try and communicate my experience. Also understand this is my first big one, and it was more of a personal reconnection with the truth. I will defintately post later more itneresting journeys if i have them. Also note that i will also be trying some of my syrian rue maybe 2 grams 45 min before smoking dmt sessions in order to see the potentiation and longer duration effects, that or passionflower are the real key to longer trips and i also believe to imprint more of the changes onto yourself for a more permanent experience. 
       -peace and happy journeys!