Jonny and I had been experimenting with xanax as well as valium and vicodin for some time and felt pretty experienced with them. One summer night about 8pm, while we were with our mutual friend Tom, we all decided to 'take some pills to get loaded.' Having built a tolerance for valium and vicodin, I popped two 5mg valium, four 5/500 vicodin and two 7.5/750 vicodin. Jonny had 2mg of xanax, and approximately 27mg of hydrocodone, which is the intoxicating chemical in vicodin. Tom, whom Jonny and I considered a 'lightweight' took 1mg of xanax, and 20mg of hydrocodone.

We sat on the swings for a while, just waiting for effects to come to us. Of course, they never come if you wait for them so we left and started walking to Tom's house, which was about a block away. Upon arrival, we sat down on his porch for a cigarette and decided we should smoke some weed while we were at it. I produced my bowl and proceded to pack it tightly. After having smoked it out, we looked at the time and it was about T+1 from or from when we took it all. Needless to say, we were all coming up pretty hard and tried to figure out what to do with ourselves. The thing about xanax is that you can't seem to tell when the affects are present. You smile and giggle a lot and are easily engaged in conversation.

So we sat on the back porch and shot the shit for about another hour. Jonny had to be home at 11pm to sleep to be up for a family trip the next morning. We piled into Tom's car at about 10:15 and made the 15 minute drive to Jon's house. Jon's dad was just closing up the house when we came in. We said our hellos and Jonny's dad went to bed. We figured the best thing to do on a hot summer night was to go swimming. We swam for about half an hour and then tried off in the garage.

Somebody brought up the fact that there was beer in the refridgerator right next to us. We each grabbed two and opened on up and sat with our feet in the water, sipping beer and talking. I can't recalled exactly what we were talking about but it seemed pretty interesting because soon it was 11:45 and Tom and I ran to his van and started homeward hoping to get to the movie rental place before they closed to rent Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, which we'd both seen before but looked like it might be interesting with the drugs.

Tom doesn't recall having been at the video store at all and only vaguely remembers driving to his house from there. We walked in and Tom fell to the floor of his living room and stayed there, asleep. I didn't notice he was sleeping until perhaps 1:15, I was so into the movie. My highs were still in almost full affect with the exception os the weed. I decided to go to the porch and smoke a bowl by myself.

Next thing I remember was puking at 1:45 and crawling to the couch to go to sleep. I awoke at 3:45 and puked again but then decided to try and settle my stomach with some Cheerios. Tom awoke and sat with me, very groggy and still probably half stoned. We slept until about eleven the next morning and tried to recall just what had happened. We pieced together most of the experience from the shattered pices that we remembered. 

What I learned from this experience was 1) how really stupid we were to get in an automobile and 2) that just because you think you know how substances might work together you shouldn't do it. I rarely endorse mixing any substance with another with the exception of pot.

The mindset started out as 'let's get railed' and turned into 'let's try to make sense of what is coming our way.' It can be scary to be somewhere uncomfortable while under the influence of something new. And despite what you may have heard about only having bad experiences (read as shitty trips) with psychedelics, you can have a pretty rotten time with crossing pills. Extreme paranoia and disorientation will make you do some pretty crazy stuff.

Overall, I'd say it was a fairly positive experience, especially swimming (floating would be more accurate).

Just watch what you put into yourself and watch what comes out of your mouth as well.