This is an account to the best of my memory as well as the observations of those around me during my 2 day journey into the strangest drug experience I have ever had. 

Let me start by saying that I would recommend this drug to noone, as it was probably the most stupid and irresponsible thing I have ever done.

It all started one boring night, like it always does. At the time of the experience, I was 18, out of highschool, without a job, and thus the funds for 'real' drugs were not present. i took the usual cheap route of searching through the medicine cabinets, hoping to catch a glimpse of something other than ibuprofen and antacid tablets. Not expecting to find anything, since I had taken everything else, I was surprised to find an old prescription for hyoscyamine. after reading a few articles on the abuse of the drug, I came to the conclusion that taking 20 of the .375 mg pills I had would do the trick. I popped these pills, waited an hour or two, and finally started to feel them coming on. At this point, it was pretty late, and I quickly fell asleep. Amidst my sleep, I managed to have a dream documenting an entire day, and during this 'dream day', a good friend of mine was badly burned. The next morning, I woke up, and even though I was still high, I figured I had slept most of the effects off, so I took the remaining 12 pills I had. I then proceeded to go to my girlfriends house. This was around 10 am. Upon arriving at my girlfriend's house, the really wierd things started to happen. First, the friend who had been in my dream the last night showed up, in reality. She was not burned, but I was convinced that my dream was not a dream, and I could not figure out how she healed so fast. I decided to sit on the back porch and smoke a cigarette. This is where shit really hit the fan.

The Dissapearing Cigarette Incident

 The dissapearing cigarette incident was by far the strangest thing to happen during this experience. I would light up a cigarette, smoke it for a few minutes, and then watch it dissolve into nothing between my fingertips. I would look everywhere, but would never find it. This was quite confusing, and happened many times. The next day, after coming down, I asked my girlfriend if she noticed anything wierd about my cigarettes. She said that repeatedly i would mimic lighting up and smoking a cigarette that was not there, and then be surprised and confused when it disappeared. I was actually hallucinating smoking cigarettes. 

The Party That Wasn't There

After giving up on trying to smoke a cigarette, I decided to go back inside and sit in the living room. After watching a blank tv screen for half an hour (according to the people that were there), I attempted to turn off the radio that didn't exist with a remote that was apparently in my leg. According to the people 'taking care' of me at this point, I got extremely distressed at the fact that my 'leg remote' did not work. At this point, I noticed several young people, both male and female, walk in through the front door and sit down in the living room. I had conversations with most of these people and remember one girl very vividly who seemed as though she was sprouting from a chair. Overall there were about 10 different people that i saw and talked to. I learned later that none of them existed. After having my talks with the group of people in the living room, I decided I would use the restroom. After walking in and getting ready to pee, an older black woman who appeared to be a banker barged into the bathroom, without realizing I was there. Once she realized she had intruded on my urination, she sat down on the side of the bathtub and said she would wait for me to finish. I flushed, and before I could even start to wash my hands, she had sat down on the toilet to pee. I began to talk to her casually, apparently not bothered at all by the fact that this complete stranger was using the toilet in front of me. After leaving the bathroom, one of my friends was sitting outside the door and asked me who I was talking to in the bathroom. I explained to her the situation of the black woman, and my friend just looked at me like I was crazy. 

Along with the cigarettes, the people in the living room, the dream I thought was reality, and the woman in the bathroom, I also saw and talked to about 15 other people that did not exist. Some were in my car, others were in my room, and so forth. These people were very real to me at the point in which i saw them. I also was consistently attacked by spiders, and kept asking why it was not dark yet outside. 

This was, by far, the MOST vivid and realistic hallucination experience i have ever had. Any other time i have hallucinated, i have only seen things differently, ie- swirls of color, bright swirls of light, shadowfigures, etc. Over all, i saw and talked to about 30 people that were not real. None of them had i ever seen before in my life, but i remember these people being so real that the next day i was completely surprised to hear that no one but my two friends had talked to me on the day of my experience. 

An unforgettable day, yes, but in retrospect i now know exactly what it is like to be completey insane.