It was a Friday afternoon at around 4PM and I'd just obtained some dried Psilocybe cubensis mushrooms. I also had some 5-MeO-DiPT powder that I'd been enjoying lately, so I decided to combine the two. In my past experience, the peak of a mushroom trip can get a little intense in sort of a dark way, while 5-MeO-DiPT has a real warmth, both mentally and physically. Given these properties, I figured a combination of the two would produce a very blissful, cosmic trip.

I swalled the gelcapped 5-MeO-DiPT and began chewing up the mushrooms with some crackers. I lay back on my bed with a laptop and some mellow music to await the onset.

It began, as most tryptamines seem to, with a slight feeling of nervous anxiety. My mind felt like it was running just a bit quicker than usual. To channel some of this energy, I got on IRC and chatted for a while, and this definitely helped me relax until the full effects revealed themselves. I found that as I expected, the mushrooms and 5-MeO-DiPT complemented eachother perfectly. My thought patterns were contemplative in a mushroom fashion, but in a very manageable sense. I was able to spend some time thinking about upcoming responsibilites from a new angle without being feeling like I was overwhelmed with commitments.

One of the best parts of this trip was the visuals. Mushrooms are a very visual psychedelic, and 5-MeO-DiPT is mildy visual at this level. The sum, however, was more than its parts. I'd been thinking recently about how the fractals seen on many psychedelics reveal the mathematical basis of thought, and that really expressed itself on this trip. When I closed my eyes my visual field was entirely filled with fractal patterns. Staring at my carpet, I was able to observe it moving in waves, forming beautiful swirls of color that had a third dimension to them. This was probably one of the most visual trips I've had, and a combination I wouldn't mind repeating one bit.

At some point just a bit after the peak, I decided to smoke some Salvia divinorum 5x extract. I had a sneaking suspicion that, given the nature of a salvia experience, tryptamines would not potentiate it that much. To test this theory, I loaded a bowl with the extract and hit it as hard as I could. After a couple of large hits, I felt it hit hard enough to put the pipe down. Salvia is a very weird experience, and this time was no different. While the physical and visual sensations of salvia were a bit consumed by the tryptamines, the mental effects were very present. I became consumed with thoughts of the 'rules' of reality. I'm not fully able to express the concepts in relation to my sober state of mind, but it was something about the separation of my reality and the room's reality and the outside world's reality. I also felt the strong presence of an entity, a common experience withh salvia.

Overall I found this to be a wonderful trip. There is a lot of insight and entertainment to be found in the tryptamine family of psychedelics. I would recommend this combination to anyone, but it would probably be best to start with a lower dose as I tend to have a strong natural tolerance to tryptamines.