As a note, I am on a daily dose of 50 mg of Sertraline.

My wife and I were on vacation in Cancun, Mexico; and before leaving I had done some homework and determined that Absinthe was legal and available in Mexico.  During one of our shopping excursions, we stopped at a liquor store, where I purchased a 180 ml bottle for $435 Pesos (about $40 US Dollars).  

That evening, I prepared a modified version of the traditional Absinthe drink.  I poured a 30 ml shot over some sugar, and added bottled water and ice.  The taste was something like a mixture of black licorice and NyQuil, not very pleasant to my palate.  I finished the drink in a few gulps, and lay back to watch "Men In Black II" on TV.  A light drunk, almost stoned, feeling crept over me.  It was late, and I dozed off watching the movie without any spectacular results from the drink.

The next day, we got up early to get a good spot on the beach.  I brought the remaining Absinthe with me, along with a cup to pour it into and a bottle of Sprite to wash it down with.  Over the course of 2 hours, I drank the Absinthe in 5 30 ml shots; taking one shot every 20 minutes.  

After the first two shots, I felt the same drunk/stoned feeling coming over me.  The third and fourth shots brought on an increased "altered" feeling which continued to build.  At this point, I got out my portable CD player, and put on Sasha & Digweed's "Northern Exposure, Vol. 1."   I took my final shot, and lay back on my beach chair.  The waves rolling in took on a hypnotic quality, and I watched, entranced, as the music rushed and swelled in my ears.  This brand of Absinthe was 55% alcohol, and five shots of any booze that strong would get me well on my way to drunk.  But this was different.  I definitely felt the alcohol, but along with that I felt like I had smoked a nice bowl of cannabis, and nibbled on a single mushroom cap.  The Absinthe, the sea, the music, and the blazing Cancun sun converged, and the peak of the experience hit.  The song "I'm Free" by Morgan King came on, and I had a revelation.  I was free, but only for the moment.  In a few days, I would be returning to my normal life, and going back to drudgery at the office. 

I recognize work as a necessary evil; it's what I have to do in order to provide food, clothes, and shelter for myself, my wife, and my boy.  But I hate sitting in a cube for 8 hours a day, doing meaningless work to earn those things.  Writing has always been a passion of mine, but it is something that I have let slip over the past few years.  I realized that if I ever want to be truly free, to escape from the 9 to 5 boredom, I need to pursue my writing, and try to make a living out of it.

My mind was inundated with creative ideas, and I spent the next hour or so coming up with new character developments and plot twists to add to stories that I have let sit stagnant.  Eventually I drifted off to sleep, creative concepts still swirling in my head.  I awoke a while later, and my wife and I continued with our day; the Absinthe having no negative after effects at all.  The comedown was smooth and easy, and I transitioned back to "normal" with no problems.

This experience gave me a renewed fervor for my writing, and I am grateful for the insight I gained thanks to this wonderful substance.