While I had once experienced codeine before this incident that I will speak of this time was the one I really remember well. This took place about two years ago, in the early spring of 1999, I was suffering from some rather nasty dental problems and my dentist prescribed me tylenol #4 which contains 60 mg of codeine per pill. As he wrote the prescription I was literally doubled over in pain, stunned that a tooth could hurt this much but I assure you it did. 

I managed to make it to the drug store and home were I ate a small bit of yogurt took one of the tylenol#4 pills and I layed down on my bed. I layed awake but with my eyes closed for about 30 to 40 minutes listening to the radio just waiting for it to kick in. Several minutes into this waiting period I began to relax although I noticed no physical change, my mind began to drift thinking of all sorts of every day things, 'I have to do my laundry' and what not. It was at the end of this 40 or so minutes that my mind came back and I suddenly understood that I was no longer in pain. I opened my eyes and sat up on my bed and felt a slight rush, and some of that narcotic euphoria. I was amazed at its effectiveness in pain relief but also at the very pleasurable buzz. I got up and went out to my computer and went online. I went to a fave drug site of mine at that time and started a thread about codeine, interested in others experiences and thoughts on the drug. 

My stomach was never upset by it (a few days after this in fact after my tooth began to heal on its own I actually ate a steak and took a pill right after and it didn't bother me at all), although I noticed a slight lack of hunger I could eat. The euphoria stayed with me through the whole buzz everytime I took a pill. The buzz generally took between 20 and 40 minutes to begin and over the next twenty minutes became more intense, the buzz was strongest after that and remained there for about an hour and a half and I came down over the next 20 or so minutes. I didn't notice any serious side effects although early on when my tooth still hurt it was a bitch of a come down. I felt a little tired though the buzz although it never put me to sleep before I really wanted to go to sleep, mostly it was simply that I enjoyed laying in bed watching television, I did noticed I seemed to find tv more interesting. 

To sum up, for me, Codeine is a great pain killer and a fun buzz, not to be toyed with but a great pleasure if taken once in a while under the right circumstances, I for instance would find going anywhere while on codeine an unattractive idea, its a stay at home and veg on your sofa kind of buzz.