I began my investigations into the 2 traditional shamanic tools a few years back while looking for a replacement to ayahuasca without the need for mao inhibition, which is very hard to do given my lifestyle. I procured 1oz of A. columbrina seeds and 40z of calcinated lime for a basic powder to blend with the prepared seeds and got 100 free A. perigrina seeds for free from a well known ethnobotanical supplier. 

I immediately began to toast 5 seeds of A. columbrina when the package arrived. After 10 or so min. in the oven, they popped open and I was able to remove the dark brown husk like outer shell.

The peanut-smelling inner seeds were then ground into a very fine powder. I mixed in calcinated lime in a ratio of about 3-1 seed to lime and mixed it well. The mix was the cut into 2 HUGE lines and insufflated. The pain is very intense. Both Eyes watered fiercely. I began to feel very ill, which I was expecting from all the info I had read on the substance pre-ingestion.  I vomited violently and laid down to try to ease the remaining illness. My face then proceeded to turn bright red (a common side of 5-ho-dmt, the main active constituent in yopo) and I began to feel an intense pressure growing throughout my body. 
I began to feel a throbbing intra-cranial pressure and became a bit worried. About this time, I began to experience vivid geometric shapes with eyes closed. I opened my eyes and began to realize I was actually tripping on seed snuff. After this point, the negative effects began to subside and I was able to begin to explore the space. I stood up and found my coordination was way sub par. I was able to walk outside with great difficulty, and the stars were dancing and spiraling around me. I laid in the grass and closed my eyes. I was getting intense cev's consisting of Aztec looking temples and images of tribal beings and jungle wildlife. I was seeing recurring mental images of a toucan also. 
Within 10 minutes of snorting the drug, the effects began to wane noticeably. I was baseline within another hour. I did have to vomit 1 more time after the effects wore off. 

With my first yopo experience under my belt, I began to research other modes of administration. I decided to attempt to smoke the seed matter about 3 days later. 5 seeds were again toasted and the outer shell was removed. I put the seeds in a pipe with a small amount of cannabis to stop it from sucking through. After the 1st hit, I gagged and again vomited profusely. The experience from just 1 hit was bad. For some reason I decided to finish what was left in the pipe. 6 more hits were taken. I noticed some tachycardia  and hypertension, and again turned red. This time, no visionary effects were noted. The illness was very bad, with nothing even remotely interesting to show for it. No more smoking yopo. 

Hoping to get some better effects from the substance, my next course of action was to prepare 4 seeds of A. peregrina (very similar looking, much larger) were again prepared in the oven and mixed with 4-1 ratio of seed to lime. The pile was mixed and cut into 2 lines. Both were immediately insufflated. I was soon greeted by the pain of snorting the fires of hell. The burning was strong enough to again bring tears to my eyes. The familiar sensation of pressure in my head and body returned with generic geometric images behind closed eyes, with dramatic enhancement of color a la miprocin with eyes open. The nausea was again present, but much more tolerable this time. Shortly after snorting the seeds, I began to decline quickly to baseline. This was much less intense than the first experience. 

After the 3 relatively negative experiences, I decided to get a little more involved and do a simple extraction of 5-ho-dmt from the seeds. I used 14g of cooked seed and was left with about 1g of very potent crumbly crystalline material 2 days later. I will post the extraction some other time. Approx. ½ g of the extract was placed on a small amount of cannabis and smoked. It burnt very fast and the smoke was strong and acrid. I tried but could not hold it in. I coughed furiously and was ill once again. It seems the purge is unavoidable with this substance. After the spasmodic purge, the experience was just like the first experience without the burn of insufflation.   It seems that yopo  and cebil are just not for me. 

Conclusion
I don't think yopo or cebil are to be taken lightly. Both, proprerly prepared are very effective entheogens, but there are just more good things than bad about them. The intra-cranial and body pressure are too alarming for me. The pain of insnufflation is also too severe to warrant further study. If you are very adventurous and want to try everything, they are worth a go, but they have too many drawbacks to continue my studies with.