[Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!] 

After trying Calamus, I hallucinated puking for 6 hours.

No wait, that wasn't an hallucination--that was real.

Now for the details.  At 9PM on a Thursday night I ate around 2 inches of the root.  This was the first time I had ever tried Calamus.  It had the worst taste of anything I've ever eaten.  Extremely bitter and pungent. 

Around 10PM I went for a drive.  Got home around 11PM.  I felt somewhat relaxed, but in general could feel nothing else from the herb.  I decided that if it was going to have a negative effect on me, it would have already done so.  Therefore, going for what a website describes as the hallucinogenic dose, I proceeded to eat another 7 or 8 inches of the root.  Because I simply could not eat this root by itself, I ate it with chocolate, which definitely made it more palatable.

By 2 AM I felt no effects.  Got hungry and ate a hotdog with ketchup and mustard.

Around 2:30AM I started feeling queasy and laid down on the couch.  Around 3AM I ran to the bathroom and puked up the hotdog.

I proceed to puke or dry heave every 15 to 20 minutes until 9:15AM.  Needless to say, I wasn't sleeping b/c I had to puke so often.  Eventually I was puking up green stuff, I guess my stomach lining or something.  I felt as if a piece of my stomach came up and lodged in the back of my throat; it felt very uncomfortable and hot.  I stuck my finger well down my throat to attempt to clear whatever it was, but this did not work.  Now, around 24 hours later my throat still hurts and still feels like it has a knot in it, though this is starting to clear.  My head has hurt off and on all day as well.  All the puking also put a lot of strain on my back muscles, which are somewhat sore.

During the night as I lay in my bed between puking spells, I felt as if I wanted to die.  I am not a very religious person but felt compelled several times to call out to God for help.  Other times I compulsively moved my legs around and around under the covers.

I fell asleep for good at 9:15AM and slept until 1:15PM.  Then I had to go into work.  In spite of the sore throat, headache and sore muscles, I felt surprisingly relaxed all day, if somewhat bedraggled.  So, in spite of all the puking the Calamus did have an effect.

However, I did not hallucinate, and the effect the calamus had was in no way worth what I went through to get it.  If Hell exists, I can't imagine it would be much worse than the effects of eating 10 inches of Calamus root.