After receiving my order of Grade A WA Amanita's from a very good online source, I was anxious to try them. Here is what happened (I am 21, 6'3', 140# by the way):

Starting around 9:30 at night I ate 3 caps at intervals of 20 minutes. After about 30 minutes after eating the last one I began to sweat and real fidgety. A little after that I felt nauseas. I had read that some people would vomit, and during this time I kept thinking about that and that just made my stomach feel worse. I held off as long as I possibly could then went into the bathroom and threw up. Immediately my stomach felt better and I didn't get sick for the remainder of the trip, in fact throwing up was probably a good thing and I doubt it had any effect on the level of the trip.

I was pretty sweaty and twitchy for about the next hour while laying in bed and I noticed distorted vision and difficulty typing. A small feeling of the 'pulsing' in my head had started during this time, I kind of blame this pulsating on my ceiling fan believe it or not, it was just in my range of sight while lying there and the pulsing seemed to follow the same pattern and speed as the fan. The pulsing grew stronger and was going in this pattern in my head: front, right side, back, left side. As this grew stronger and stronger it got a little annoying and uncomfortable so I turned off the lights and layed in bed.

At some point this pulsing turned into the neverending thought loop that others talk about, and at first it was unpleasant, but after awhile I somehow gained control of it and was able to make my mind to incredible things. It was like I could control infinate amounts of time in an instant and pass forwards and backwards through large expanses of time at my will. I kept trying to find out what lays at the end of time, but I was never able as there was always something more and this made me realize that time really is infinite. I kept going from the beginning to the end of time in our universe and every other universe I was somehow able to connect it with. It was amazing how I could do this at variable speeds, it was as if I had somehow gained control over existence. I was also able to control feeling all over my body as these waves of time pulsated. It was like having some weird energy pulsing from head to toe and back. I could also make myself feel whatever I wanted, but mostly I felt nothing because my mind was so focused on the 'void'. 

Many people report that this part of the trip is like hell. I'll admit that at first it seemed like it was neverending and that I was in some wierd state of death, but as soon as I gained control of it it was unbelievably amazing. It was like I was in a deep trance and answering all the questions in the universe about God, life, death, and reality. Unfortunately I can't remember exactly how I was able to gain control of the void.

Eventually after traversing the void for some unknown amount of time I gained control over my body again and time was extremely weird. I went to my computer and did some typing experiments. I would look at my keyboard and tap the h key for just an instant, but then when I looked at the screen a long row of h's would be up there. I imagine if someone was watching me it would have looked like I was moving slower than a zombie.

I tried typing out trip notes at this point but coherent typing was (unfortunately) pretty much impossible. Everything was moving and time was very screwed up. I vaguely remember going downstairs and getting a glass of orange juice for some reason and having an incredibly difficult time drinking it. At some point roughly around 1 or 2 in the morning I made it to bed and fell asleep (though I don't remember this).

I awoke at 6 in the morning and felt fine for the most part, my head was still a little wierd but not very much. Overall I didn't experience much in the way of visual hallucinations but I was in the dark most of the time and my vision was definately distorted. I'd say this was way more of a mental and introspective trip. It seems to me that in a strong Amanita trip time is the most affected thing. I would love to know why this is and get more information on it.