[age] 19 
[height] 5'10'' 
[weight] 135 

Drug geek is what you may call someone of my nature. I am one who is fascinated by the effects that drugs can have on the human mind and am excited to experiment with them myself. My past experiments were conducted on what the internet calls "legal highs" these include such drugs as the Amanitas Mushrooms, Blue Lotus, Kratom, Kava Kava, DXM, Morning Glory Seeds and Salvia.

I was slightly nervous about that night for I hadn't tripped in a while. Considering that during my experimental phase of salvia I was taking it about two times a week (if you would like to view my experiential phase it can be found at http://erowid.org/experiences/exp.php?ID=63532). I was slightly on edge but wanted to break though that night so I loaded up pipe with 100mg of 10x. I had become very accustom to 6x in the past but finding a good deal a few days ago I decided to go for the 10x. This could have been the simple mistake that lead to the events that occurred or perhaps I should of stuck to my own rule of don't trip if your nervous.

One hit of salvia held for 30 seconds. Salvias effects began to slowly creep over me. I was in a state of perpetual falling. What I was falling into could best be described as nothingness or a state of non familiarity. Everything was so different to myself - even such things as my arms, which swung violently during my trip. I had lost the basic understanding of "this is your brain, and this is your brain on drugs". However like a double edge sword since I had no idea that something was wrong or out of place then I had nothing to fight against.

I did get some time to look at the light coming off of a table lamp in this state of mind. I could see every single strand of light come out and hit me. I noticed that at the point of fracture with my skin the light was curved like as if it was holding onto me. I decided that it was the lights fault that I didn't have a deep trip and that this explains why everyone says that you should trip in a dark room with the lights off. It was painfully obvious that the light was the enemy that that it would be off on my next trip.

The intensity died down and everything was back to normal. I would consider that a light trip.

I'm not a wasteful person and I wasn't quite sure if I had gotten everything out of the pipe the first time or if it was just ash now. I cleared the bowl in two hits. About 15 seconds in of holding it I was feeling the initial effects. This was quite strange for it to come so fast and I knew I must of hit something really good. I laid down on my bed in anticipation.

I was no longer a person as a whole but I was still that person. Its hard to describe but I was somehow my hole cellular body and yet I was one cell of that body.

While I was one cell of my body I looked as I do now. Every cell is the same and I could see all of them stretch off into infinity in every direction. I was literally beside myself and somewhat freaked out. I was suddenly in some weird place were everyone was the same. How could I tell that I was the real me?

Jumping back to the cellular body, I was still greatly confused and I had just come to the conclusion that I don't remember the last time I had taken a breath. How long ago it could have been I have no idea but I started forcing the air in and out of my lungs although it didn't feel like any of the oxygen was absorbing I still knew enough that this will pass and I should just keep breathing.

This breathing is now creating a problem on the single cell level for the cells were rapidly moving up and down and left and right like all of the cells around it. This was far from pleasant and I just wanted it to all end. If I were to have to live the rest of my life in this state I would of just killed myself. I was a fool for having no trip sitter, my confidence of going it alone just crumbled around me.

All I knew was that I needed to go away from all of this. Fleeing the room was my only option for escaping. I stumbled out of my door and fled to my left. I chose this direction because I have found in my trips that whenever something psychedelic happens its always on the right hand side. So I could say that I was fleeing to the side of sanity. I hit the south end wall of the house and plopped myself down on a chair.

Still freaking out I did what I have found in mediation to help release the stress. I just concentrated on my breath and how the oxygen in the air was filling up my lungs and energizing my body. This seamed to help enough that I could struggle my way to the bed and just relax for a few minutes.

I can honestly say that this was by far my most intense salvia trip. In the past my visions were more of a product of an overactive imagination. This was the real deal and now that I now salvias true limits I don't plan on taking it anymore.