I must say this drug should have never been invented....

I took a pill of X at about 8 oclock on a friday night (Golden Alien to be exact). After that the trip was good but me being the person I am nothign is ever good enough
At about 1030 I went to the bowling alley with some friends and I decided that I was going to take a pill of what I thought was just MDMA...Afterwards i learned differently...It was a white powder form called AMT.

10-20 minutes after swallowing the pill i felt sick, which is a common side effect, my friend had done a pill three hours earlier and had been throwing up and just finished when i took mine.

When I started to throw up I went out into the parking lot so that no one would get suspicious about me, 30 minutes later my friends came out and said they were leaving, and also noticed that i wasn't looking so good. But I said not to worry it was a side effect that would ware off.

At about 1130 we went to my friends house for me to stay the night where i became noticably worse and my friend decided he was going to take me to my mom becuase she is a RN.

By the time I got to my house I couldn't move yet alone open my eyes and it took me an hour and a half to walk from my friends car to my from step(about 50 feet). By then my mom decided to called the police for an amulence, right when that happened i fell over and started to have my first seisure....Overall I had 4 seisures.

After I had my seisures i stopped breathing for 5-10 minutes and they couldn't find a pulse on me...Right before they were to announce my death i started to breathe again. Right becaues I started to breathe again I had a heart attack. All in all i spent 8 days in the ICU unit of the Hospital. I was on an IV for 7 of those days and for 5 of those days I couldn't move or wake up.

I mean whats the point of doing a drug that makes you wanna throw up for 3 hours and then naw your jaw off and sweat for the next two weeks becuase its getting out of your system? Thanks to this drug, which i thought was MDMA, I am now going through drug rehabilitation and I am on probation and take UAs twice a week. AMT is not a drug that should be used...Please if you ever run into someone with this drug, don't make the same mistake I did. I am very lucky to be alive and now I am paying dearly for it