I had just had my 18th birthday, my friends and i were on a road trip out west, and i had planned to go to a rave, because its good to experience another regions 'scene'. None of the friends i was with like raves, so i was prepared to go alone. Now, i have done acid a couple times before, and i had done e lotsa times, but i had never mixed the two in what is commonly called a candyflip. This seemed like the perfect opportunity for a first time candy flip.

I got to the rave around 11:30, and imediately began the search for drugs, i found the ecstasy first and took it immediately. About 12:00 or T+15 min, i started to feel real energetic and like i wanted to talk to new people and dance and have a cigarette and get some water, all at once, but i couldnt do it all at the same time. Then i was talking to some girl who was selling acid, and so i took a hit. It took about an hour to kick in, and by this time my e was in full swing. I soon met a boy, and we began talking and he told me that he didnt do mushrooms or acid anymore because they always made him go crazy. It didnt occur to me, that this might be some kind of elusive foreshadowing...

i must admit, that i did have a fairly good time for about 3 hours, when the e was going strong and the acid was still mild, i felt very dreamy...and like i was quite special for being at a rave in a city that i didnt live in, all by myself!!! then i heard my favorite song (at the time), and it was great!!!! 

All was well until my e started to fade, my ecstasy come down hit the exact same time as my acid peak, about 4:30am. i remember the exact point, it felt like all of a sudden a major chemical change went on in my brain. Like all the serotonin just vaporized, i looked around and started to panic, and kept thinking 'Fuck, how am i going to get home? I spent all my money on drugs, i cant even take the bus, where is home, fuck i dont even know! Im lost! Im lost!' At this point the visuals were also in full swing, and people started to look really....ugly. They all looked like monsters, i felt like everyone was glaring at me, and like i had no friends, like i didnt belong.

reminding myself that i was just on drugs was no help, i also made the 'first time tripper's mistake' of thinking i was never going to come down. So there i was, in a foreign city, all alone, with 5000 strangers all bustling around me, with no idea how to get home, or even where home was...

So i sat down and began to get philosophical.

so i began analyzing raves and decided that raves were ridiculous (which i dont agree with now, only at the time) because everyone is there to just get 'fucked up' and no one really cares about the music and blah blah blah. I then promised myself i would never do acid ever again. (a decision which i have since re-evaluated). I thought the best thing to do, would be to start trying to go home right then, it was about 5:00 am, i figured that if i waited any longer, i would surely miss my bus home the next day (my bus left at 1:00pm). So i walked outside and sat on the steps, and introduced myself to a couple of girls.

'hi, im amanda'
'yeah, we know'
(at which point i am really spooked)
'what! How did you know that???'
'we met earlier'
'ahhh..i see'

So i asked them for a ride back to my hotel, since they were leaving, but then i got antsy, and didnt really want to leave because what was i gonna do when i got to the hotel at 5:30 in the morning, with all my friends sleeping? There was no way that i could fall asleep, no fuckin way! But it was better than here, and i thought if i didnt leave then, i wouldnt find a ride back, and i would be stranded. 

So i get to the hotel room, and am sitting there in the dark in a corner trying to be really quiet so i dont wake anyone up, but i am really really cold, because my clothes are wet and sweaty and i dont have any blankets. Then i start to hallucinate, and begin to see ravers in my room, there are like 8 of them, some are on the floor making out and cuddling, others are just standing...i start to panic again, 'how did they get in here? what will my friends think when they wake up to all these crazy fun fur wearing strangers?' 

At this point i start to get philisophical again.

I began to analyze my friends, and whether they were actually good friends, because if they were good friends, i wouldnt be freaking out on acid in the corner of a hotel room, all wet and cold at 5:30 in the morning, while they are sleeping warm and cuddly in queen sized beds...

finally after about 2 hours of pure psycho-insanity, i stole a blanket that was falling off one of the beds, and cuddled up on the floor, i woke up about 1 hour later, and everyone was awake, at this point i was calm enough to go eat some free breakfast, and pretend that i had a really good time at the rave, (because the straight edge friends i was with wouldnt be impressed to know i was on lotsa drugs at the rave.)

and thats the end of my story

conclusion: LSD should not be consumed no matter what its mixed with under the following circumstances:

- when you are all alone in a foreign place with massive crowds of people and have a naturally philosophical disposition.

-even if you are in these circumstances and you do a candy flip, take the acid first!!!! Then at about the 3rd hour of the acid trip, take the ecstasy!! That is a vital lesson! VITAL!!!

i guess thats pretty obvious, but for some reason, i always thought that a bad trip could never happend to me, that i could never lose control...but it happens!!!!! SO WATCH OUT!!!