I was thinking about what I should do to waste some of my free time.  I knew I couldn't do any real drugs because I had Cross Country practice at 8:30 the next morning.  

I knew that if I consumed a bottle of robo max cough, I would be still buzzin in the morning.  I headed upstairs, and looked in my parents medicine cabinet to find a bottle of Melatonin.  It said that it helped normalize sleep patterns.  I figured it was some weak crap that makes people sleep easier.  Boy was I wrong!

Ever since I drank 1 1/4 bottle of cough medicine my dreams at night haven't ever been the same; the last time I did it was about 6 months ago!  I had super intense dreams every night, and I could remember a lot about them too!  Until about a month ago, the fun just seemed to fade. 

I figured what the heck, I took 3 of the white pills which contain 3 mg of Melatonin, 10 mg of Vitamin B-6, and 63 mg of Calcium.  I chewed each of the pills to speed up the absorption process.  Then I drank about 6 oz. of water to wash the remaining powder down.  I had an empty stomach.

Within 30 minutes I began to feel quite tired, my eye began to feel heavy like they would if I had stayed up all night.  I headed for my bed.  I didn't feel any euphoria, but I was in a happy mood.

I didn't even remember fallin asleep that night.  All I remember is one very intense dream that occurred when I took 420 mg of DXM.  It was very colorful, and I noticed that things were against me in the dreams.  That is the main difference between the Melatonin and the DXM, the DXM was always on my side.  Many people that I knew from years ago appeared in my head, all very clear.  They talked to me.  I responded back to them.

When I woke up in the morning I actually couldn't recall anything for about 3 minutes.  I just kept telling myself, 'I know I had a crazy dream last night.'  Soon enough, I could remember the main part.

Overall, I will try this drug again soon.  I felt refreshed and ready for a hard workout at practice in the morning.