I am writing this partly to help encourage myself<!--and others to stop their use/abuse--> top stop my use/abuse of crack cocaine.<!--My advice is dont even start, and if youre going to try it, know that this drug affects everyone the same, you--> I CAN NOT keep it under control.<!-- if you think you can just 'occasionally' use it. --> This drug makes me want more, and the more I do the more I want it, thats its thing... Smoke pot and I want food, get drunk and I want is to fight/chill/sex/sleep... Smoke crack and I want to smoke more crack... All drugs have a high and a low....

Personally the high is awesome to me, I inhale and feel warm and fuzzy, comfortable... Then I exhale and oh my god is all I can say...my whole body feels warm and I get a rush, a headrush of sorts that just makes me feel overwhelmingly good and calm...nowhere NEAR as good as something like sex but pretty close.

It lasts about 5 seconds

And then for the next 5 hours the low just makes me super anxious and irritable, and I CONSTANTLY crave more crack for HOURS after smoking it.... Sounds like fun hey? I hate it personally, which is why I've thrown away my crap pipe... Err crack pipe and vowed to never smoke the shit again..... Its allready wasted so much of my mind and money (THOUSANDS of dollars...) and changed my life so much......

<!--Go ahead, try crack... Any true psychonaught will.... Keep in mind-->The first time I tried it I didn't crave it that bad, I was able to put down the pipe and enjoy the high... The second or third time wasn't so bad...I loved it, and didn't feel the intense anxiety...cravings... 'oh 20$ here, I have 20$.... Might as well'-->

Pretty soon I had a pipe of your own, I'm smoking it with people I cant even imagine would be doing it, I've seen crack needles being shot up into my dealer as he hands me my next rocks... I've gotten blowjobs from 28 year old crackwhores for hoots.. I'm 17...

This is why I quit smoking crack<!--Go ahead... Try it.....Sounds like fun huh?-->