After reading about salvia on Erowid, I decided to give the leaf a chance.  After all, what else can you order off the internet that will mess you up as much as salvia.  After reciveing an ounce in the mail, it wasn't long before my friend and I tried it out.  We had previously read that the best way to do Salvia is to give yourself the highest dose possible in the shortest amount of time.  We decided what better wat to accomplish this than with the gravity bong.  After a fat packing of the bowl we both took a hit then immediately repacked the bowl and we each took our second hits and held the smoke in for as long as we both could.

Prior to this experience I thought the advice to have a sitter present was a bit of an exaggeration.  However, it wasn't long before I had exhaled that I understood.  After watching my friend fall over on the floor and begin laughing histerictally, I felt one of the strangest feelings that I have ever felt,it was unlike any other drug that I have ever experienced (believe me- I've had a sample of almost everthing.) At first I likened the effects to pure nitrous oxide, but the things began to get stange.  As I sat motionless and unable to move in my chair I had one of the most intense visuals of my life.  I saw life sized lego people forming out of the walls.  This practically scared the bejesus out of me. I sat there for what seemed like hours but in actuality only a couple of minutes. 

When my friend got up out of his trip to ask me what I thought of the salvia, I mistook him for the lego leader who was trying to conquer the universe and reacted by shoving him on the floor.  I then grabbed my car keys (this why you need a sitter) and headed to the front door.  It's a good thing that we locked and double locked the door before sparking up the salvia or who knows what kind of craziness could have insued.  The audio hallucinations made me think that Jimi Hendrix was playing behind me but I was unable to turn around and watch.    

As for my friend he told about his journey to the subway where he found the meaning of life.  Want to know the meaning of life.  Smoke some salvia!  one additional note- salvia is excellent with lsd.