On a lazy sunday night visiting some college friends (and life-long companions in experiencing altered states of mind) up in San Francisco, I received some 2C-B.  PHIKAL states that effects are eminent by taking 25-30 mg.  I decided to take 37mg.  This was based on a 2C-T-2 and 2C-T-7 experience I had in Amsterdam.  Although the dosages are very different between these chemicals, the listed quantity in PHIKAL always seemed to be a little under for me.  And although I have the utmost respect for Shulgin and his friends, I decided to up the anti, based on my previous experiences.

And what a pleasant surprise!!!

First, i must say that this is not a chemical that should be taken when you're not familiar or comfortable with your surroundings, much like LSD (at least for me). Secondly, for the record, I only take chemicals that can better me as a person.  Meaning, I use these types of chemicals recreationally, in order to gain new experience in life and to grow as a person.

With that said, i've never have better visuals on any hallucinogenic than on 2C-B.  I've never had this kind of experience on mushrooms, LSD, or any pyschedelic phenethylamine.

I poured 37.5 mg of 2C-B (pure compound) into tap water and shook vigorously.  I drank about two-thirds in the beginning and the reminder after about 20-25 minutes.  Taste was slightly bitter, but nothing that my stomach couldn't keep down.  (I've tasted worse...and you probably have too!)

Body load was minor...some GI quirks.  Kinda like I had bad gas! :) But nothing major at all.  This would happen in waves throughout the evening.  But it never got too extreme.

My state of mind was right on!  I felt as if I was on MDMA (mentally) as well as having the surreal effects of LSD.  Still pictures on computer screens were flowing like liquid.  In fact, that is probably the best way to describe the visuals.  Fluid.  Liquid.  Tracing, without too much randomness.  An example....I looked out upon Market Street in SF (my friends live on the top of Twin Peaks-beautiful view) and was able to view most of the San Francisco bay area.  All the street lights were glowing a soft yellow light. This was normal...this exactly existed.  This didn't: beside each yellow street light was an accompanying purple light.  These lights, in tandom, would start to swirl in circular patterns, like fireflies....hundreds of them.  When it became too chaotic, they would snap back to their original position...and repeat.  My description does not give it justice...the sense of peace I had while this happened...was truly amazing.

I've taken 2C-B, 2C-T-2 and 2C-T-7....each independently.  In my experience, the one that treated me the best was the 2C-B.  The 2C-T-2 (24mg) was too mild...but fun.  The 2C-T-7 (25mg) gave me extreme body load.  My stomach did not feel too good.  And my friend threw up four times that night.  He weighs around 150 lbs and took the same dosage.  Plus, the 2C-T-7 lasted for about 10-12 hours.  The 2C-B lasted a beautiful 7-8 hours.

I love these chemicals...I don't believe they're for everyone...obviously.  But if you like to view things differently, with a different perspective, and are continually striving to gain new experience....my advise is to try 2C-B........or 2C-E.  I haven't taken this yet....haven't been able to find it.  But I've heard GOOD things.