Worst Experience of My Life

It began as a chill saturday night.  Just me an a good friend smoking some weed and relaxing.

We smoked the first bowl and everything was great.  We talked and laughed, having a great time.  About an hour after we smoked that bowl my friend wanted to smoke another.  'Well ok' I said, even though I didn't really want to.  

After we smoked the 2nd bowl I was nice and high and relaxed again, but I wanted some food.  I went to the kitchen to get some crackers and went back to my room with my friend. I began to eat the crackers and my friend got up to go to the bathroom or her car or something and thats where it all began....

I began to feel weird I began to feel weird, like my heart was beating really fast and I had all this pressure around my head.  My friend came back and said she felt strange too.  At this point I told my friend that we needed to do something or I was going to freak out.  My mind was out of control.  I cant remember what I was thinking about but it was weird, and my heart was beating faster by the minute and now I could hardly hear and I was getting trails.

My friend suggested that we go for a drive.  This did not help.  [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]  As we were in the car I had the weird head pressure, the fast heartbeat, trails and I began shivering out of controll!  I could not stop!  I wasnt even cold.  I was rocking back and forth and shifting about.  I also felt like I was slipping in and out of reality, and felt that I was going to pass out any second.  All I could think was that I was going to die, that I must be in shock or something and that if this didn't end soon I was going to die.

My friend was being really shitty about it, telling me to chill out and that it was all in my mind.  I asked her if she would take me to the hospital maybe, but she was too scared of getting busted, so she got me a hot tea from a drive thru instead.  I was shaking so bad that I couldnt even hold the tea without spilling it.  

After about three hours of this I began to come down getting waves of shivers every now and then.  I watched TV until I fell asleep at about 9am in the morning.

The strange thing is that I have been an every day pot smoker for about 6 years The strange thing is that I have been an every day pot smoker for about 6 years, and NOTHING even close to this has ever happened.  I have done acid, mescaline, smoked opium, and joints laced with coke before and never felt this.  

<!-- I am guessing that the pot was laced with something (maybe PCP?), but a-->After that night I will never smoke pot or do any drugs ever, ever, ever, again!