This is yet another report from my friend the drug addict walrus.  He said he was very interested in what he had heard about the combined effects of these 2 substances, so he decided to try it out.  This is his report:

7:30am - Started taking 50mg 5-HTP capsules at 30 minute intervals, until a total of 500mg was reached.  By the time the last capsule was ingested, a strange feeling was noted in the stomach and a very strange buzz and slight enhancement of colors was noticed.  Inability to concentrate and decreased short term memory also noticed.

4:05pm - Took 125mg MDA in the middle of psychology class. 

4:30pm - Was back from psychology and had just arrived at the dorms (alone) when it hit me like a ton of bricks.  Quickly put my credit cards and debit cards and money in a drawer and put my other pill in hiding, because I could tell already that this was going to be one of those 'I'll be lucky if I don't do something incredibly stupid' type experiences.  

4:40pm - Walked over to a friend's room because I knew it would be a VERY good idea to be with somebody sober at this point.  On the way over, if I had no reference (other people and cars driving by) I would have easily assumed that I was walking at least 40 miles an hour.  Visual field was entirely covered with a pine needle pattern and a green/yellow colored tint.  Managed to get to friend's room without attracting attention, where I looked at him for 3 seconds and he said, 'You look REALLY fucked up man.'
Made a stupid mistake on the phone on the way over, which doesn't need to be gone into...  The phone call was still important because the extremely quick come up at this point accompanied by ego loss/forgetting my own name was going to get scary unless I had a stable reference.  Since my hearing was not affected, I chose a friend to call and made a plan for later to keep me grounded in reality and give me something to remember so I didn't get totally caught up in the lack of familiarity.  Note that there was never any actual indication of bad thoughts or anything, just a general feeling that it would be a good idea to ground myself somewhat so I didn't lose control, even on the 5 minute walk over to the friend's.

5:00pm - Normally I try to keep halfway quiet around sober people while on anything, for no other reason than that they usually have no idea what I'm talking about and it isn't worth trying to explain something like this to them.  Currently feeling more emotional and feeling more pleasure than I did the first time I took actual MDMA, and this isn't even MDMA.  

6:00pm - Went to the cafeteria to eat.  Actually managed to eat a salad and a cookie, but mostly sat around staring in pleasure.  Didn't just have the feeling that everyone was looking at me, they were. :-)

7:00pm - Went and hung around with a hall counselor from the dorms that I knew in high school, after informing him that I was fucked up.  Went to the hall radio station and learned how to DJ and operate the mixer.  Walked a girl home to the identical dorm across the street, and came back.  Because the dorms looked the same, I actually thought I somehow managed to turn around in the street and walk back to her dorm again.  Had to go up and read the sign to convince myself I was in the right place.

8:00pm - Left the dorms and walked to another friend's house.  The stupid phone call caught up to me, killing the happy feelings and leaving me with the usual introspective emotional but barely feeling anything physical aftereffects of MDA.  Minor visual warping, but not enough to even interest me.  

9:00pm - Suddenly became both physically and mentally tired, and almost fell asleep.  This soon passed.  After this point was very confused and unable to put anything into words for the rest of the night.

4:00pm - Finally more or less baseline.

Observations:
I very much enjoyed this combination, but discovered that it was right at my personal line for things that should not be done without a sitter.  I handled it fine this time, but who knows if I could next time, so best to be safe.  The comeup almost reminded me of a big balloon full of nitrous in its intensity, and my visual field was so covered with patterns at some points that I could not have found my friend's room had I not walked there every day and known the path with my eyes closed.  I get the feeling that MDMA would work better for this combo, but only having MDA on hand, I decided to try it anyway.