I have tried three different methods of ingesting mescaline from the San Pedro cactus (T. Pachanoi) with one major success, one minor victory, and a recent failure.

The first time I tried to prepare the cactus by removing the spines, the outer skin, and keeping only the green xylem, following the San Pedro Preparation One.  Three of us shared a combined 36' in length and 4' in diameter cactus sections.  We reached a Plus Two on the Shulgin scale.  To me it seemed like a lot of work for little gain.

The next time we made sure we would get a good dose of mescaline.  I used the same vendor and amount and added 28g of dried green tissue purchased from another vendor.  I used San Pedro Preparation Five.  I macerated the dried green tissue and added it to the mix one hour before straiing the mix.  We also ingested a small amount of an MAOi (Syrian Rue) in order to stop the destruction of the mescaline and to potentiate its effect.  Two of us had 12 hour trips and the third one (female, less mass) experienced the mescaline for approximately 17 hours.  We all definitely experienced a Plus Four, and mescaline became my favorite of the psychoactives because it gave the feel and introspection associated with LSD with a serene quality I had never felt with LSD.

I gave 28g of the remaining dried green tissue to a friend. He then stuffed it into gel caps and had a great time, so I decided that three of us would do the same.  I used a different vendor for the dried green tissue this time, and three of us ingested what seemed like over 50 pills.  We experienced nothing, perhaps a Plus One for a short time.  It should be noted that ingesting pills may sound like a better alternative to drinking a vile, bitter tea; however, swallowing 50 00 size pills isn't the easiest task in the world.

Conclusions: The first time I believe the dose wasn't enough and I had lost much of the mescaline and other alkyloids in the preparation.  The second time worked well.  I wish I had just used the cactus so I could definitely determine whether it was the preparation method and the effects of the MAOi that resulted in the different experiences.  In light of my friend's experience with the third method I am unsure whether the third experience was due to a different vendor, the gel caps, or that we had eaten fish curry shortly before ingesting the pills.  I plan to try using doses of 18' cactus sections in the future with Preparation Five.  I also plan to vary whether I take the Syrian Rue prior to ingestion of the San Pedro brew.

It should be noted that these experiences spanned a year with several months between each experience.