Well, it all starts when I was on the net looking for one of those marijuana alternatives, when I came across the dream herb.   Well before I was going to buy it, I needed to know about it.  So I went and looked at what people had to say.  It seemed that it would be a pretty cool thing.  So I got some from an internet vendor, and in no time got it in the mail.  I got something like 100 grams.  

So I called over my friend because he seemed interested in it after I told him about it.  So I first made a 8oz cup using a table spoon.  I filtered it with a coffee filter.  I had heard of the abhorrent taste, but I could not  imagine it to be as bad as it was.   It was so bad that with even a drop my cheeks would flare up and my stomach would turn.  I think I could have downed very old pennies a lot easier.  So I threw it down the sink.

I then decided to roll a spliff and try that.  Well I rolled one for myself and my friend.  We smoked them, which was as bad as smoking rubber.  After that we had a cigarette to calm things down a bit.  We went to sleep with New age music and we finally went to sleep.  Well, this has to be the best dream I think I have ever had.  

It started with me walking down a street. Than came a guy I know who tried to poke me with those little pegs you get inside those Bright-Light things.  I think that's what it was, and to get away from him I did a back flip.  It was so detailed it was crazy.  I had gone threw a whole day doing all kinds of things.  Than for now reason I said, "Damn it, this whole day has been a dream."  And I woke up. Or did I, well I had a false awakening.  I was in the desert now, and had totally forgot I was dreaming.  The sky was black and I went in to the pyramid and in the middle I found a light with all of life's answers in it.  But I looked away from it and instead went with a friend to his car.  I got in with him and he didn't look like it but he was Brian Warner, and we drove sideways up a mountain side.  When we got to the top there was a little girl on a swing, she jumped off the swing and off the cliff.  She flew away.  I then woke up.   

I don't dream much, until I discovered the beauty of Calea.  It worked so well I do it every weekend, I don't do it every day as not to burn it out.