I had brought a bottle of 'La muse verde' from France as a gift for my boyfriend and was anxious to see if it really does make you hallucinate since I love shrooming and visuals. So one night when we finally had time to chill we poured some of the clear green liquid in a glass, held a spoon of sugar above it, lit it and dropped the spoon in the glass.

That made for a awesome visual effect- the drink was flaming with blue-green flames. We had a sip each with tears in our eyes from the disgusting liqruish taste and the high alcohol concentration. Five minutes after we were sitting in front of the tv still taking small sips. The drink was gross so we alternated it with some Sheridans (chocolate and vanilla). Only after 20 minutes did we realize we hadn't poured any water on the drink. M got up and poured some water - the drink turned milky white -a sure sign that it was the real thing. In the mean time it had hit me hard. I couldn't focus on watching TV, my mind was full of interesting thoughts, ideas on how to tackle math problems at school and a lot of motivation was flowing through me. M wanted to start coding one of his projects and I thought some differential equations would be NICE. Except we could barely move from the couch. Some more time passed, I don't think it was a lot but it seemed like it.

I started to feel my hair touching my skin just like on X and kept turning my head to all sides to make it jump around and touch my shoulders and face. M suggested smoking a cigarette so we got up and went on the balcony. Outside nothing was moving and everything seemed so ..clear. The air felt pure and somewhat liquidlike. The cigarette felt good but tired me a bit. We prepared another glass, this time with 3 parts absinthe and 1 water. The drink was too strong just like the first time- it burned my throat like a firewater shot and left a minty pleasant taste in my mouth. Things started getting romantic and we moved to the bedroom. M was at his 3rd glass by now while I only at the second one. The sex was awesome except it acted somewhat like viagra and even after it was over..it was not really over for M. That was good for a few laughs but the erection lasted 15 more minutes and was a pretty painful experience as I understood.

To conclude, Absinthe did not make me hallucinate but it gave me clarity of mind and elevated my mood...a lot!