This was my first trip in a couple of months, i felt I was 'due' for taking a trip.  This trip wasn't like most normal trips I normally have.
I started off eating 3.5 grams of Cubenesis, taking about ten minutes to eat the whole thing, chewing it up really well so i wouldn't be nauseous.  That took me about ten minutes.  I was hanging out in a friends room actually explaining to him what a trip is like as he's never tripped and mildly curious, and I noticed that at about 7.20 i was spaced out and speaking really slowly.  I checked my pupils and they were already huge.  Normally it takes about an hour for me to start feeling anything.  By 7.30 i was getting full open eye visuals.  

I went back to my room to listen to music and play with visuals but i noticed something weird.  i wasn't getting any intensive visuals, and music wasn't sounding extremely good like it normally does.  I kept getting the same visuals repeated over and over again, basic patterns in the ceiling and walls.  The whole time i felt very stupified and unable to think properly.  Again, normally i feel pretty lucid on a trip but i think like a child. After about half an hour things became too intense, music stopped sounding interesting, it just became too much to take.

I started wandering around my dorm, but it was too intense for me.  I went back to my friend's room and just lay there on the floor.  At about 8.30 it felt like my trip was starting to plateau.  I figured I could just lie there and enjoy the feeling of everything feeling really good like it normally does.  At about 8.45 i felt the trip getting stronger.  From then for about an hour, my trip just kept getting stronger and more intense, and i was completely overwhelmed.  I could barely even speak, that part of my brain was too overwhelmed.  I just lay there waiting for things to fade, I couldn't handle anything anymore, it was like having my head being squeezed in a clamp of some sort.  I figured that at the strength that my trip was reaching, i would probably get some sort of ego loss or crossover, or any of those fun things people talk about when they trip really hard.  All i felt was an intense stupidity and inability to handle reality.  I wasn't even able to just sit there in my own room, it was too complicated for me.  

Finally at about 9.45 my trip started winding down really fast and by 10 i was feeling much better.  For another three hours, colors were still bright on me, and i felt like i was on alot of speed.  My eyes were still very dilated so i figured the shrooms were still hitting my system.
During the trip i felt like alice though.  I couldn't answer for my own name b/c i wasn't feeling like myself, i felt like someone else, someone very stupid.  Just thinking about it afterwards, I started realizing that there is no such thing as some perfect drug where I can take it and have a good time.  Mushrooms really aren't a window to the soul the way people think they are, all they do is make me stupid for a while and stress me out till I hallucinate.  It might be fun, but i spent the whole time missing reality and i was just very glad when it was over.