I had my first experience with Salvia divinorum the other night. After reading the reports I read and the fact that it was legal I decided to give it a shot. I had tried some leaves by myself and got a good buzz from them but nothing else so I felt the extract would not be much more powerful. This couldn't be farther from the truth, I'll get to that in a minute. I decided one night to give it a shot at my friends house before people showed up for a party he was having. I sat in his bedroom with low light, my girlfriend was with me as a sitter. USE A SITTER! You'll find out why. 

The last thing I said to her was don't worry I don't think this will do much to me. I have done acid roughly thirty times and just about every other drug numerous times as well so I considered myself I fairly experienced non-ordinary reality visitor. After having tried Salvia I am convinced no amount of experience can prepare someone for the effects. I put 1/10 of a gram in the bowl and took a long hit, I got the familiar buzz and that's the last I remember of this world. Suddenly I was in this purple space which I take is what is meant by 'Salvia space' (by the way when I say I, I am referring only to conciousness). I had no recollection of who I was in the real world or the fact that I had even smoked. I had a sense of another conciousness there but I did not learn any profound secrets of the universe. There was non-verbal communication but I can no longer recall what it was that was said. I felt like a child in a realm for adults, as if I was not ready for this. Even so, the general feeling was playful. 

In this space a long bridge stretched composed entirely of eyes. It felt as if I was there for an eternity. My recollection of what exactly happened there is hazy. Soon I began to reenter normal reality and this is when the fear began. I was afraid for several reasons, firstly because I was unaware that I had been somewhere else until I was back, but more terrifying was a feeling of slowly reentering my body. My counciousness bounced around a bit and I experienced being various inanimate objects in the room, terrified that I would be stuck as a pen for the rest of my life. When I found my body I did not recognize it, not only this but I felt pulled between two worlds. The bridge that I had seen I felt I was still a part of, the tension wires anchored to my teeth. My girlfriend asked me if I was okay but I could say nothing because I had forgotten how to speak. While in the 'Salvia space' all my thoughts and feelings had been entirely non verbal.

After about another five minutes or so I regained speech but was still incredibly hot. I forgot to mention that when on Salvia I feel like I have an intense fever. For the following fifteen minutes I slowly regained my bearings, it was a feeling of shifting in and out of my body like a pendulum until I finally settled into it. My friend whose house I was at was having a party and by this time I could hear the guests in the other room. When using this drug I recommend being alone with someone else preferably in your own house because you will feel much safer coming down. 

Previously whenever I did mushrooms or acid my perception was merely altered, things waved, I saw things that weren't there, Salvia is much different. I can now say this was the most intense experience of my life. To be thrust into an entirely different realm and feel like you had always been there and always will is mind-blowing. I must stress using a sitter, no matter how confident you are in your ability to control yourself because I have zero recollection of what happened in ordinary reality for the ten minutes I was gone. Also be warned that no amount of research can prepare you for the experience. I had read all the accounts and was still blown away and terrified. I will definitely try this again but I now have a great respect for it. I must also stress the potency. I had this experience from only one hit, be very careful, do not be arrogant in your amount. 

A very positive effect of the experience was a 'glow' for some hours afterwards. Unlike other hallucinogens which leave me feeling worn out I felt happy and invigorated. Also I was back to my normal self fairly quickly and didn't feel crazy like I do for a week or so after LSD. I feel blessed for such an extraordinary experience and can't wait to visit 'Salvia space' again.