A while ago I managed to get sixteen 5mg roxicodone's, which have 5mg of oxycodone and no aspirin, making them ideal for snorting. I paid $40 for these - equaling a total of 80mg of oxy. Not a great price, I know, but these things are hard to find and I really wanted to get a chance to try them out again. Previous to this experience, I had taken 20mg of Percocet orally (uncrushed) a few years back, with mostly disappointing effects (seemed a lot like ~25mg of hydrocodone, likely due to my eating just prior to dosing). Also, eight days prior to this experience, wanting to start off slow with this mostly foreign substance, I snorted 10mg of oxy with enjoyable yet somewhat mild results. As for other opiate use, I have taken hydrocodone probably 15 times, at various recreational doses.

On to last night. I had decided I would go with a dosage of 20mg. I hadn't used any other substances in the last week, except for the usual college drinking on Friday and Saturday night (this was Sunday night).  I crushed the pills into a fine powder, cut them into lines, snorted them (alternating nostrils. Don't know if this helps or not, but it keeps the stuff from getting all caked together on one side).  This was at 11:11pm, on a Sunday night, with class the next day. I felt initial effects *immediately* with completion of the first line. It was one of the oddest things; a very real but very small rush enveloped my body. Never before have I experienced such an instantaneous response to a drug.   Other truly noticeable effects began around 4 minutes later.

I had considered drinking grapefruit juice as a potentiator an hour or so before taking the oxy, but decided against it after reading too many conflicting accounts, some of which indicated that grapefruit juice might even reduce the recreational effects of oxycodone. 

I'll spare the excessive details of every last minute detail of the experience. Needless to say, pretty soon I found myself slipping into a nice and cozy euphoria.  I'm in college, living in the dorms, and so I spent most of the time sitting at my computer listening to music and chatting with friends online. The euphoria was great, and I was enjoying myself immensely. It made it very easy to be emotionally open with friends, although I must admit that incredibly articulate conversations were a bit beyond my reach. Sitting and listening to music was great - it sounded so perfect, and felt so soothing - and best of all, it required no effort. Pretty much the standard opiate experience, yet particularly intense.

Still, a little over an hour later I was a bit disappointed that 20mg had not done more for me. I had read numerous experience reports of what 20mg of oxy 'should' be like, and my experience hadn't quite lived up to my expectations. It was great, don't get me wrong, but I was expecting even more. I had planned on saving the rest of what I had for other times, but as any oxycodone user will tell you, rational thought is nearly impossible while in the grips of an opiate-induced state of consciousness.  So, doing what any good college student would do on a Sunday night, I decided on taking another 10mg. So at 12:19am - one hour and eight minutes after the first dosage, I finished railing another two pills. This sent me back into a state of euphoria and elation, more intense and encompassing than any other drug that I have ever tried.

Speech was difficult after the second dose. My voice sounded noticeably odd in a nervous or perhaps anxious sort of way (although I was neither), and it was hard to put together very coherent sentences. My face was also clearly flushed and felt very warm. I wouldn't have been able to feign sobriety in anything but the shortest face-to-face conversations. Basic interactions with my roommate were difficult. As far as I know he thought I was sober, although I made a point to mention to him that I was beginning to feel sick, to explain for my red face and odd voice. Urinating on this high of a dosage was practically impossible for me. I finally was able to empty my bladder just a little bit around 1:50am, before heading to bed, but it was *exceedingly* difficult. I ended up getting into bed around 2am - just under 2 hours past my second dosage.  The effects were definitely subsiding now, but I was still very much under the influence of the oxycodone.

Falling asleep was a fascinating experience. I lay barely awake in a state that I can only describe as something like a blissful and sleepy dreamworld, drifting from one happy thought to the next, with the last song that I had listened to still playing through my head. I purposely focused on staying awake so as to continue experiencing this state of being, I loved it. I fell in and out of sleep several times in the next hour (which was annoying, after I decided that I actually wanted to fall asleep), but as near as I can tell I fell asleep for good around 3am. After that my sleep was sound and restful, and my dreams were pleasant.

Prior to taking the oxy, I had planned on taking a 20mg Adderall XR the next morning so as to combat the negative next-day symptoms that are inherent to higher doses of opiates. I popped the pill first thing upon waking up at 10am (~9.5 hours after last dose), and am glad that I did so. Before the Adderall kicked in I was definitely a bit slow, and in general had a feeling of numbness left over from the oxycodone. Urinating was still considerably difficult, but was nonetheless possible with a full bladder. This effect continued until early afternoon.  

The Adderall come up was noticeably less intense and euphoric than what it normally is like. Even with the Adderall, I felt a bit groggy and dull for the first hour and half or so after waking up. I remember thinking that it was somewhat close to what I've felt like in the morning after using dextromethorphan the previous night. 

Also, for about the first hour and a half my eyes looked very glazed over and were a bit red. It wasn't horrible, but I wouldn't want to be around my parents looking like that. I didn't notice any other particularly obvious lingering effects. I ended up developing a pretty uncomfortable headache later on in the day, which I normally don't get (I'm fairly experienced with recreational use of Adderall). 

In general, the negative side effects of the Adderall seemed to be more prominent, with the positive effects taking more of a supporting role. Perhaps 10mg of Adderall XR would have been a better choice, in a situation where extended sleep is not an option (sleep is always the best choice, in my opinion). On a positive note, the Adderall did make it so that having a bowel movement was no problem at all - something which probably would have been a bit more difficult otherwise.  In any case, in the future I don't plan on using that high of a dose of Adderall when trying to counter the lethargic hangover that results from oxycodone use.

Undoubtedly, oxycodone is a very enjoyable substance that can produce a tremendous sense of wellbeing and happiness. But even with only my small handful of experiences with the substance, I can see the addiction potential and it makes me feel uneasy about using the substance. I noticed it less with my most recent experience, likely as a result of the Adderall.. but just over a week ago when I last did oxy, the next day I felt particularly dull and listless. My mind kept drifting back to the feelings of the night past, and I often found myself thinking about how enjoyable the oxy was, and how much I would like to get back to that place again. It wasn't an uncontrollable urge by any means - I had an ample supply of oxy in a drawer next to me, and I never once seriously considered doing it again without a healthy waiting period, but just the mere thought of it is consuming. 

In retrospect, it seems as if my memories of past oxy experiences make me look back upon the experience as being even better then it really was - I find myself becoming even a bit nostalgic about it. I'm glad that I don't have a reliable source for this drug, and that I only have a 40mg left. Interestingly, I've never once had any of the above negative aftereffects from using hydrocodone, even in relatively high doses (up to 40mg with no tolerance). In fact, I've experienced quite the opposite. Usually the day after recreational use of hydrocodone I'm left feeling refreshed and happy. Oxycodone doesn't leave me with either of those feelings, unfortunately. Indeed, all oxycodone does is make me wish I could do some more. And therein lies the danger.