PRELUDE
About a month ago during the easter break from university I was sat at home and had just finished all my weed. Living in the middle of the countryside its hard to get drugs when I go home, so I thought about alternatives. I had read that I could get high off Nutmeg so I thought 'oh, well, go on then'. I swallowed about 8 grams and bonged about 4 bowls (didnt burn well and seemed to have no effect). The effect was mildly pleasant, a bit like smoking a joint of weak weed.

1st taken - 12.00pm
About two weeks ago, I decided that I would try and up the dose. The night before I had taken quite a lot of ecstacy at a club and the comedown was quite bad. I went to the local supermarket and bought 200g of fresh ground nutmeg (cost £2.20). When I got home I told one of my uni housemates what I had in mind and he just laughed at me (still wanted to join in though). First of all I got a tablespoon and crammed on as much as possible. I tried to swallow the nutmeg by taking it with an orange drink. I managed it but the taste was so so bad, putrid, revolting, etc. From this point on we wrapped the nutmeg into large blue rizla papers and washed them down with water. I did about 16 of these and my mate did 12.

+1.30
After about an hour and a half I started to feel a little different. I asked myself if it was placebo effect. It was hard to describe and was probably combined with the after effects of the mdma (or whatever else the pills had in them). I quite often would drop a few more wraps every now and again, as I thought it would be quite mild. MISTAKE!!

+3.00
After about 3 hours it fully began to kick in. It began by feeling a little like being stoned but grew greatly in intensity. Several friends called by and were thoroughly shocked when I said I was on nutmeg. They said I looked particularly wasted.

I wouldn't say that the nutmeg was hallucinogenic but I would say that my vision was altered mildly. I have to say that up to this point I was thoroughly enjoying myself, watching TV was really good fun and I seemed to be able to get into the plot easily. Music sounded more grandiose (found Holst's PLANETS to be awesome).

+5.00 hours
I retired to my room where I played a few computer games and trawled the internet for info. I went to check what quantities people had been taking. I must say that I was a little worried when I discovered that the most other people had taken was about 25g. I had taken 70g. What was going to happen to me? I didn't panic as I thought 'Its only nutmeg!

+ 6.00 hours
It was now about 6 hour taking the nutmeg and I am now thoroughly fucked. I lie on my bed and try to do something but I feel so so so so so tired with little capacity to do anything. I texted my mate who had also taken the nutmeg and told him how fucked I was, he replied that he felt exactly the same. He went to his girlfriend's house who said later how she had to babysit him all night! 

I stayed in my wasted state which, hour after hour, got more and more intense until I can barely remember anything. I fell asleep at about 11.30pm through abject fatigue. The feeling was good but just too damn intense to fully appreciate.

THE FOLLOWING DAY
I was woken by some friends of mine outside my room asking me how I felt. I tried to sound enthusiasic but I felt so weak and ill. It was like a case of flu, hangover and malnurishment all in one horrible feeling. It was not yet a comedown as I could still feel the nutmeg. I got out of bed and walked to the other side of the room. I felt dizzy and weak. I got the most frightening headrush and collapsed. I awoke from this blackout after about 30 seconds when I discovered myself twitching on the floor in real physical pain. I had fallen on a large pile of CDs and everything was strewn about randomly. My heart felt really sore and tight (I'm not sure why, did I have a heart attack? seems unlikely but it hurt so much). I couldnt operate properly all through the next day and the ill, stoned feeling just wouldn't go away. It took about two days to get my brain working properly again. The paranoia it gave me was now unbearable.

CONCLUSION
To conclude I would say that I took a offensively large dose. I didn't expect the effect to be so profound and as a result I thought taking more would improve the 'trip'. WRONG. I also think that wrapping the nutmeg made it digest more gradually (the paper had to be digested first) which probably explains the length of my experience. 

I did enjoy myself for a while but it got far too intense to be comfortable. If people like experimenting with different drugs I would say that nutmeg could have a place in this world. I'm not going to do it again but in smaller doses it could be a lot of fun. Treat it with respect. Do not underestimate it (I've taken a lot of powerful drugs before, coke, LSD, MDMA, Speed, DXM, Ket) It was one of the most poweful experiences I've ever had on any psychoactive drug.

What a wierd experience, eh? people seem to find my nutmeg story funny. Who would have thought you could get so messed up off a household spice? obviously not me!!