[Erowid Note: The time of onset and dose are not consistent with typical reports about mescaline. See <A HREF='http://www.erowid.org/chemicals/mescaline/mescaline_dose.shtml'>Mescaline Dosage.]

As a new player to the drug game I was always anxious to increase dosages and attempt to reach to the upper limits of trips. 

Around 10:00PM (t - 0:00) I consumed 1 capsule of mescaline with a group of 4 others. We were celebrating the birthday of friends, and the house was packed full of people drinking and smoking, as well as a live band - the perfect party atmosphere. One of my friends in the band did his capsule in insufflated lines - the first time I had ever seen mescaline consumed this way. 

Around 10:30PM (t - 0:30) I began to feel the nausea (mostly gas-iness, I rarely feel the need to vomit) associated with mesc. The feeling generally lasts about 15 minutes, but this particular time it was lasting a little longer. Furthermore, as we watched the band play my friends eyes began to grow to what we refer to as 'cartoon eyes' and they all gave their signs of approval that their respective trips were beginning. 

Around 11:00PM (t - 1:00) The gasiness accompanying the capsule began to die off, and 'the yawns' began to kick in. In all my past experiences with hallucinogens (prior mescaline, mushrooms, and lsd) this normally marked the beginning of the trip, and often marked the - peaks alerting me to another coming of the trip. All they are, simply, are large yawns. None of my friends experience them, however, I get them without fail each time I trip.

Around 11:30PM (t - 1:30) We began to smoke marijuana cigarettes in an effort to control our nerves which begged for the drug, despite being comforted by another. Also, with past use of mushrooms, I had discovered that smoking helped bring on stronger trips. Between now and when things boiled down around t - 6:30 any number of probably a dozen or more joints were rolled and smoked. However, unlike mushrooms, I found that the marijuana did not bring forth stronger trips (or kill my buzz), but rather calmed my brain that still reminded me it wasn't high, when I would come down. 

Around 1:00AM (t - 3:00) The crowd of the party began to filter out and to the bar, mostly drunk and high. Now was the time to begin real experimentation. Another capsule was broken open, and split into ~15 lines (to be done by a group of us). Our friend who had been drumming with the band said that the 1/3 of a capsule he had snorted earlier had given him a big drive. As a group who (for the most part) were not framiliar with insufflation, we decided to take about a quarter of the capsule each, in a couple of smaller lines. For the next half an hour we each did our 3-4 lines (one of the original five had decided against insufflation), and became accustomed to the drip, the burn, and everything else that came along with insufflation. 

Around 2:30AM (t - 4:30) The insufflated had taken little effect on me, expect to 're-peak' my original buzz to where it had been around t - 1:30. I certainly wasn't tripping any more than I had been previously to the lines. I decided to go for a walk, and experience the outdoors. The subtle mescaline buzz never progressed into full hallucinations as I had hoped with the more direct insufflation of the drug. By around 4:30AM (t-6:30) we had all come down enough to sleep, and felt like it was needed. 

Overall, I'm not entirely sure if an increased insufflation dosage would've helped or not. However, I am sure that I felt little more than a lift to where I started after the insufflation, making me wonder if it was worth it at all.