Ecstasy and ketamine.  An odd combo.  After a long period of X, I found I could no longer enjoy it.  I began to hate the feelings (once I came down), hated the way I acted on it, even got sick at the thought of taking it.  LSD, well, I just got to a point where I couldnt trust myself on it and became to often paraniod.  Then came K.  Well, you know, it was great.  Typical K experiences.  

One night I was convinced to take E, and of course falling into old addictions, had to have a booster.  Hmm..now a few hours later I wanted another.  My wonderful girlfriend/soulmate, advised me not to...she knew my hangovers well.  She recommended some K.  Wierd I thought...but okay.  Zinng!  Something very different.  Almost like a strong DXM trip without the bad side effects or possible unpleasant psychological state.  The effects came on quickly.  I expected simply K, but all of a sudden, a vibrating and loud shredding noise.  Almost like a tablecloth tearing.  I grabbed for my girlfriend saying something, then began to fall through her and into her.  Slowly turning into a pile of ooze and maybe being sucked into her ear or mind.  

'WELCOME BACK!'  no words, but a strong sense that I was being welcomed home.  This place was familiar.  This was my world I had created on DXM.  Accept it was happy.  All the spirits were glad to see me back and showed me that all the old places were still okay.  What a fool I had been, away for so long. I had convinced myself that human life was real...what a fool.  After seeing my old places and friends I decided to go deeper.  Maybe the E, removed my fear and let me explore further.  I realized that I was not just in this world.  But I was this world.  I saw myself as a purple translucent hindu figure with 4 arms.  I must have been on my back at this point flailing my arms.  

My motion controlled all the energy of this world.  Dancing made things flow.  Arms and legs pumping life and circulating positive beauty throughout this world.  A cosmic dance.  As I came down I lost this imagery and had the typical astral projection, time travel, hear thoughts, throw energy balls, pull energy from the air, be hit by energy bolts, psychic dissociative experience, and when finally down I felt invigorated, shocked by the experience, but I felt alive. They say K causes an ego death that is very healthy.  I felt it, I knew the world and how it worked.  I was alive.  A wonderful right of passage.  This would have to be retested.