This was my first LSD experience (first with 5-MeO-DIPT as well).  I had tried mushrooms about 10 times or so before.  2 doses of LSD and one of 5-MeO-DIPT were supposedly mixed in the sugar cube I was given.  My plan was to take it alone and then meet up with friends later that night.  I hadn't eaten in 6 hours or so.  I took it at about 9:00 pm.  I began to feel stomach discomfort after about 45 min.  The discomfort intensified, and all I could do was curl up on the bed and wait for it to pass.  I believe that if I had eaten earlier, I may have vomitted.  After about 1.5 hours, I began to get the mental and visual clarity that I normally experience on mushrooms, and my stomach discomfort was almost gone.

I decided to take a walk through campus with some progressive house background music.  As I started walking, I noticed an increase in my energy level.  I got pretty excited for what might happen and started to walk faster.  There was no more stomach discomfort at all.  The cool night air felt amazing.  My vision felt like it had expanded.  Colors and streetlights were exeptionaly clear and vibrant.  There was no one walking around, and only a few cars passed by.  I felt like I was the only one on the planet.  I walked out into the vast soccer fields where the lights from campus couldn't reach and lay down in the grass to look at the stars.  I was awed by the night sky above me.  I turned up the volume on my cd player and just watched the sky.  I was able to see quite a few meteorites flying by.  My vision was very sensitive to movement.  I caught a few satalites moving past as well.  They look like stars that move in one direction, faster than a plane but much slower than a meteorite.  I guess that around 2.5 hours I started to get some visuals.  Once this started to happen, I kind of lost track of time for a while.

I could go on forever about everything I saw, but I will try and keep it short.  Out in the field I started to see the clouds kind of change shades of dark gray and out of the corner of my eye they would move quickly.  The buildings of the campus started to bend up in to strange shapes, but nothing too dramatic.  I kept trying to open my eyes wider and shake my head to see if I could make myself sober up, but it didn't work.  I saw the movement of a car driving around in a parking lot only 200 yards away, and realized it was a cop.  I kind of got a little worried and flattened myself on the field.  I knew he couldn't see me out in the un-lit soccer field, but I had a paranoid suspicion that he may shine the search light out towards me.  I told myself that it was dumb to think about it too much, and I calmed down as he finaly drove away.

My walk back to the house was interesting.  I got kind of freaked out for a little when I saw half a dozen or so kids on long boards skate by in the empty parking lot next to me.  It was like 1am or so on a Monday night.  What were they doing?  I turned and saw like 3 more in the parking lot on the other side of me.  Some waved when they saw me.  It was pretty sureal.  It was just a big group of longboarders out for a ride late at night.  But it was deffinately something I had not expected to see, and it scared me a little.  I had this feeling throughout the whole experience.  I was kind of warry and suspicious of things in general, it wasn't really fear.  I wondered if the few people I walked by that night knew that I was on something or not.  I had trouble looking strangers in the eye.

When I got back to the house, the front door was wide open!  This scared me a little.  I started walking to the door when some animal came running out of the house and froze when it saw me.  It kind of hissed and took off past me!  Now, if anyone was watching me, Im sure I looked pretty normal, but my head was reeling.  This little experience scared the shit out of me.  Did that really just happen?  

Well, the rest of the experience was very visual.  But visual with patterns and such.  I didn't really see things appear from nothing like I was kind of hoping.  A little crack in my ceiling turned into a bunch of black mouth things that moved around the ceiling and opened and closed their mouths like they were hungry.  That was kind of scary.  My clothes kind of melted on thier hangers for a while.  I got some really cool, colorfull, 3D, closed eye visuals.  When my roomate got home at like 3am, I tried to have a conversation with him.  It was kind of spacey on my part.  It  was hard to concentrate on talking while I was seeing things out of the corner of my eye.

Now at 7am, I was no longer seeing visuals, but my sight was still very defined and I couldn't go to sleep like I wanted to.  I was thinking a bunch too.  I didn't sleep at all until the next night.  The whole experience lasted like 12 hours (8 hours of actual tripping).  I will definately do it again, but maybe once a year or so.  It took a lot out of me.  I am starting to notice that I am getting much lazier lately and I am worried that it may be due to my drug use.  I usually use MDMA at least once a month and mushrooms every 2 or 3 months.  I am going to try and cut back to see if it affects my energy levels at all.