'The Ambien I took 20 minutes ago is retarding my vision. I have a guardian in my peripheral vision.(She has dark hair and just sits there in my peripheral vision. It seems like she is going to critique my writing and guide me. It is comforting because I know someone is here to watch me.) One dimentional things, like letters on the computer, have become three dimentional beings that dance for me. They like to walk backwards, jiggle, change their color slightly, hop, jump, shuffle, and they love changing dimentions. Tricky little evil letters. They laugh because they know the evil game being played was created by my lack of depth-perception and peripheral vision. They wiggle with excitement. Damn letters. They just think they're so damn special.'

What I wrote above is an example of writing I did while under the influence of Ambien(Zolpidem.) The first time I took Ambien, I stayed awake longer than I should have and started seeing wave-like patterns and then people arising from the carpet. Since then, taking Ambien has been a frequent thing for me. I find that my writing becomes strange and interesting. It is really hard to keep a certain train of thought, and I easily become confused. It is really hard to keep a certain train of thought, and I easily become confused. Talking to people while I'm under the influence of Ambien is interesting.<!--I wouldn't reccomend it, because --> I think I have freaked a few people out.<!--It is usually best to take it by yourself, before bed, because it makes you incredibly tired (it is a sleep medication.)-->

I frequently hear voices, or parts of conversations other people are having(even though there is no one else around.)They're usually random and meaningless, like dreams are. Some things i've heard are:
'You See Creddie coming, tell him I'll call him.'
'I appolagized for the pickup, right?'

Ambien isn't always crazy and fun. A lot of the time I just fall asleep, without seeing of hearing anything. It can be a struggle to stay awake, and if I'm not seeing anything interesing I usually get angry. I find that if I take Ambien on an empty stomach it works a whole lot better. Also, staying away from caffeine is a must. Whenever I take caffeine and Ambien on the same day, the Ambien just immediately puts me to sleep, and I don't see/hear anything unusual.
 
I have a great relationship with Ambien. Even while I am halucinating, I am still in touch with reality. I've taken Ambien many, many times and I have never 'bugged out.'<!--I wouldn't nescessarily reccomend taking it while out of the house, because it makes you really tired.--> It's not really a party drug, but it's still incredible.