This was one for the record books ...

I ordered 1g of x20 salvia extract and it came with a free 1/2 oz of Calea zacatechichi, which was cool.

Around 11ish my two buddies showed up, one with cannabis.  The smoker group was my two friends and one of my room mates.  My other room mate went to sleep around this time.

We started out with five bowls (two out of a bong) of Calea zacatechichi.  Strangely enough I felt effects after the second bowl.  I described the effects as being under a traquilizer, also, I believe lights just seemed brighter but colors were normal ... just brightness.

After that we smoked two bowls of some strange stuff that was practically all orange and smelt like pot ran through a juicer.  After the first hit I was stoned and I think I ended up taking 5 or so.  Most of the next hour was passed by talking about what stoned people talk about with a very funny ad lib on if Ronald McDonald played the clown in 'It'.

After awhile one of the friends left and I decided to try my salvia which I had got this mourning.  I put a screen in the bong, got a butane torch lighter, put on 'Eulogy' by Tool on, packed a VERY gracious bowl (about .3g by my estimate) and then I took the entire hit in one breath, exhaled, pulled the plug, and inhaled the entire bong in my last breath.  Things got interesting VERY quickly ...

I went to set the bong down (it was in my lap) and the pipe looked about 200 yards to the floor.  I actually did manage to get the pipe on the floor but then the music got loud very quickly and I immediately disassociated.  As I was traveling from 'reality' to 'mindvision' (IE- Believing what my mind is wanting me to see) I think I caught the background on this computer.  The wallpaper is a digitally designed representation of a madman's eye ... complete with sickles in the iris of his eye and fingernail-like skin pores.  Suffice to say ... this was the last image I actually (with my eyes) saw for a good ten minutes. 

The trip started by my 'looking' at this eye, which was now set on a black background that was like being stuck in space and it started to spin slowly at first and sped up.  It was spinning as fast as a quarter when gravity started to rip it apart and the eye started spewing out blood once the outside had been ripped off. Next, the blood morphed into a bunch of human arms (still alive) facing me in the shape of a Y.  The Y starting waving with the musical melody again and changed to end up spelling YESTERYEAR.  I haven't given much thought to this yet.

Things took a much darker turn when I (somehow) became convinced that reality was this collection of arms that was being used as a light for a game show.  Also, I convinced myself that all humanity was this morphing letter thing and what we call "reality" was just a projection of everything that we poor souls had wished for.

As if things couldn't get anymore weird, the whole scene of humanity's entire job (which was to light up a single digit on a scoreboard for some alien race I couldn't see) disappeared out of nowhere and the very side of my vision (left side) began to stretch.  At first this meant a slight distortion on the left side.  This eventually built until my vision seemed to wrap a 360 around my entire head (which I was totally unaware I had).  Somewhere along this 360 band of vision were the piled arms (facing me still) that very gently spelled out "Hope for it."  I ALMOST lost it around here and coming down.  I became very worried that this was "reality" and that we were all being fooled a la Matrix style.  I suddenly became aware that my body was indeed attached to my thoughts and I opened my eyes (or maybe they were open the whole time ... I dunno) and I saw that I was still sitting up cross legged.  I think this happened because I went to yell out in fear but caught myself as I moved my mouth.

I observed the surroundings which were very distorted.  I got the confidence to walk around after awhile and was actually pretty good.  I rejoined my smoking buddies and as soon as I laid down I was completely disassociated again but I could see with my eyes and wasn't flooded with thoughts. I walked around my house a little and I really liked the after-effects.  Very fun, everything seemed funny in an interesting I-never-saw-it-that-way kind of way. I came down and played chess with my room mate and pulled a come from behind victory and won a challenged series 2 to 1.  Afterwards it was smoking time again.

We smoked another bowl of cannabis but this time out of the bowl.  I think I felt the last lingers of the salvia high spark up really fast but they disappeared completely after that.

I retreated to my room alone and smoked two bowls of Calea zacatechichi as a night cap.  I'm writing this in between these two bowls and when I fall sleep.

Overall, I'd say that getting high before I do salvia is a good and a bad thing.  Good because I got relaxed easier, bad because I should have been more on my guard because the salvia effects hit HARD.  I did a lot of x20 salvia and I did it in one rip with a butane torch ... You can see where the next 10 minutes of my life went =-p

I should most likely save this to report on Calea zacatechichi effects on my dreams ... actually I think I will.

Well it is the next day … first let me start by saying that I was mentally overwhelmed by everything today.  It was hard to get out of bed, not from depression, but from relaxation.  I recalled two dreams very vividly.  In one my friend invited two men that I thought were enemies of mine (I dunno why) to her house to have dinner and the rest of the dream was spent arguing with her.  The other dream was again the "wall of arms" but I was lucid and had a chat with them.  The wall said they were just an illusion and that this is real.

I've had a good day or so to think about the experience.  Overall, I would say using that much salvia with no experience with the drug was a huge mistake.  Salvia comes on really really really hard.  I was expecting a minute or two to get used to "feeling odd" but the peak of the high in about ten seconds.  I barely had enough time to put my bong down.  I would advise anybody thinking about trying this to not do it.  Without a doubt, this shouldn't have been done by an amateur.  If someone were to do this I would say experience is definitely required with lower, not as strong doses.  I really enjoyed the after-effects which lasted a good hour or so.  I would really like the trip if I did about half of what I did I believe (about .1 grams).

Bottom-line, I went in expecting something like mushrooms, just more intense and much shorter.  What I got was a ten minute vision ride through a nightmare.  I would NOT call this a bad trip, it almost was though.  This was a neutral trip, I didn't enjoy it or hate it.  If the subject matter of my vision would have been a bit more pleasant (i.e.- not bleeding eyes and prisons made of human arms doing the bidding of a scoreboard) I would have been very pleased, but I was an amateur and did way too much and lost control of the trip before I even had control.

Also, USE A SITTER!  I'm almost positive that I had to have been giving signs of discomfort and distress and if I had one of my smoking buddies just nudge me, or ask if everything was ok I most likely could have snapped out of it and controlled my trip a little bit.  Instead I was on a ride through a nightmare and it happened so fast that I wasn't even aware of it until I went to scream.  Once I snapped out of it I actually enjoyed the after-effects a lot.  I'm certainly glad I kept it all together.