I had Codeine left over from me wisdom teeth being pulled, and decided to give it a try one night. To prepare the Codeine I placed 4 30mg tablets into a 50ml vile of hot tap water. While preparing a second dosage for a friend, I found that crushing the tablets sped up the dissolve quite well. So now I had 120mg in the vile. I shook the container until all of the material had been dissolved. I then placed it into a freezer for approx. 20min to seperate the unwanted materials. I removed the vile when I saw quite a bit of white precipitate on the bottom of the vile. The liquid was then poured through a thin cloth that worked well as a filter. The resulting liquid was still slightly whitish but I did not experience any negative reactions to it remaining in the mix. 

After knocking back the mix, which tastes horrible, I waited intently for the mellow effects to kick in. About 10 min had passed before I started to feel relaxed in my body and calm in my mind. The effects were quite subtle but definately there. My friend downed his glass and then we decided to smoke a roach we had lying around. The roach was about half a joint so it wasn't a micro roach or anything. After smoking the roach and waiting about 10 more minutes the full effects of the codeine started kicking in.

The codeine seemed to amplify the effects of the cannibis because I felt extremely heavy and relaxed. I found that my eyes were wide open and I could focus on things quite well, unlike the usual cannibis effects of drowsiness and scatter-brainedness. After about 1 hour since consumption, my body started feeling warm and very heavy, I think this was the pre-peak because it got better after that. A sense of euphoria followed and I felt extremely stoned. The effects eventually dropped slowly about 6 hours after ingestion. When I got home I fell asleep instantly and slept very very well. I even felt the effects the next morning and it was a very pleasant hangover which I can describe as dreamy.

That was my first experience with Codeine and even though I mixed it with a bit of Cannabis I'm pretty sure most of the effects were due to the Codeine. I also heard that these types of drugs can become addictive so I don't plan on taking Codeine before a weeks time is up, but I definately enjoyed it since I felt no ill side effects of any sort. This is definelty a cheap way to really stretch the effects of my weed stash ;P.