Being a an ex- 'dust head', I've had my share of experiences with the drug and all varieties of it. The first time was the most incredible, however. 

My boy had gotten a number from this guy who came into the car wash he worked at. For a tip, the guy gave my boy a dime of some good bud and his pager number. He said he had, weed, coke, and hymie (Pronounced HEE-MEE), which is what black dust is called in some places. We paged this guy later on that night, and he brought two pungent smelling bags of tical. The dealer had warned us that this was some 'N.Y. Dust' and possibly to take it easy. As I would later find out, NY Dust is good, but Hartford wet is the cream of the crop. So, me and like 4 of my boys sat down to roll up some black. 

We twisted up a Vanilla Dutchmaster, with a good amount of weed, and put one bag of dust in. So we smoke the blunt all the way to the roach, and I'm feeling great. Almost dizzy, body feeling numb, everything moves slow. I'm feeling great. Almost dizzy, body feeling numb, everything moves slow. Dust is also called 'the matrix', because you move, speak, and think, very slow. Like Neo dodging those bullets. We picked up another one of our friends and went to the mall. He didn't smoke with us, so we tried to keep our high under wraps, which is virtually impossible because we were all spaced-out, blank faced. 

In the mall, everything was crazy. All the times that I smoked wet after that, I NEVER went to the mall or anyplace where there is large amounts of SOBER people. We went into some Japanese Eastern Wind Chime Store and played with the swords. Everything was very calm Everything was very calm and not at all like the rage-induced PCP propaganda the government/media feed us. When we went to leave the mall, me and my boy had lost the other 4 people we came with. After searching high and low, near and far, we realized that THEY WERE RIGHT IN FRONT OF US, like ten feet away. We were dusted! To make a long story short, we returned home and smoked another dust blunt, this one kind of put me 'over the limit'. I was very dissasociated for 4 or 5 hours. However, I woke up the next day at 7am for work, and I was fine. No hangover, No fatigue. Nothing. 

This is perhaps what made the drug so desirable. Now, the moral of the story is, aside from my personal problems with wet, the drug is not that bad. When used on an extremely casual basis, in low dosages, dust is no worse than shrooms or coke. I have smoked Angel Dust batches that contained: a.) PCP and Embalming Fluid. b.) Just PCP (Phenyclydine) and c.) Just Embalming Fluid (Formaldehyde AND methanol), and have never experienced any rage, psychosis, or aggressive behavior. Slight depression? Yes, but none of the images of Rodney King of anything of the sort. I think how the drug affects me, is more based on me and less the drug. That's just my analysis. You shouldn't smoke angel dust, but if you do, keep it in moderate doses and everything should be alright. Just my opinions. Peace.