I learned about Salvia back in 1996 when I lived in Holland as an exchange student. Because of the various other natural drugs available to me there, I never even considered trying it. I had read the little pamphlet that the head shops, or smart shops as they call it, distributed, and took the information with a grain of salt. It described experiences like becoming an object, having flashbacks of one's childhood, and feeling strong forces that could push the body in different directions. Like I said, I paid little attention to the literature, assuming the smart shop distributed similar warnings about something like marijuana or mushrooms. I have had more than my fair share of highs and trips, so I felt prepared, though I never ended up trying it that year. In 1999, my boyfriend went to Amsterdam and smoked Salvia extract with two friends in a hotel room. All three were experienced 'drug' users, yet they all described it as the strongest substance they had ever had. I became interested again, so my boyfriend brought some home for me to try out.

Besides a little bong hit, I was completely sober when I tried Salvia. I read the literature my boyfriend had received, this time taking it more seriously than before. We packed a full bowl, and I took a medium to large hit as my boyfriend and his roommate babysat, literally. I was told that the bong had to be taken from me because my hands went limp. The experience that I had was truly amazing! I was no longer in the room, in the house, even in this world. I remember feeling as if I had figured out something that had always been in my mind, but I had forgotten it somewhere along the way. At that point, I didn't know my name, what my life consisted of, or anything else, really. I was in the fourth dimension, it seemed. My boyfriend's paisley bedspread was a never-ending jagged wall, but otherwise I saw nothing that was actually in the room. I remember feeling like a child, being very confused, yet comfortable. Even though I could not see anyone, I felt two presences. These two, my boyfriend and his roommate, were like my brothers in my 'trip,' and I was trying to find them, I think.

After I came back to Earth, they told me I had been speaking in what they thought was tongues or something, but realized I was speaking Dutch. I do speak Dutch, but the idea that I was competent enough to do so was pretty wild. As I was coming back, I felt a force pushing me into the couch, and I had no choice but to go with it. Once back, I had no idea what had occurred or that I had even smoked Salvia. After a moment, I remembered what I had done, but it took days to fully recall what I was feeling during my experience. I don't regret doing it, but I have never felt the desire to do it again. It was an amazing thing, and I learned a lot, but I don't feel like it is something to do in a recreational way. It should be reserved for the strong at heart only. Even the strong-hearted will agree that it is the strangest feeling one could have.