It was 9:30pm on a fairly boring Wednesday evening. I was so sick of working and really felt that I needed a break. The night before, I'd taken a couple of Nytols to help me sleep, but was frustrated to find that they had almost no effect whatsoever. I'm not sure whether it was due to this irritation or whether I was in the mood for experimenting, but I decided to take five Nytol pills at about 10pm. 

I'd tried this with three pills a few weeks beforehand but really didn't notice any significant effects. I remember that the drowsiness mostly wore off after about 50 minutes, but there weren't any noticeable effects. When I finally lay down to sleep, I had hypnogogic thoughts which became so numerous that I found them quite tedious.

Anyway, after taking the five pills, I lay in bed reading. The first thing I noticed was a burning on my lips after about 10 minutes. It wasn't particularly painful, but I didn't want it to stay, and after a while it subsided. I'm not really convinced this had anything to do with the diphenhydramine, though.

After about 30 minutes, I was feeling too drowsy to continue reading, so I turned the lights off and settled down. From that point on, I can't remember anything until about 2am (this middle-of-the-night-wake-up tends to happen with Nytol for me). I recall looking at my clock and seeing the time there. I wanted to get back to sleep but somehow there was a frustration and tension in my mind. There was an overwhelming desire to sleep which just wouldn't take hold. I rolled around in bed for quite some time (at least it felt like it), and at one point it upset me so much that I think I whimpered audibly. Eventually, I managed to calm myself down enough, and fell back to sleep.

The next morning, I woke up and fell asleep several times. I didn't get out of bed until about 2pm, and even after that, I walked around in a slight euphoric haze (euphoric mainly because I was too fuzzy to care about anything), although not particularly tired. The effects had completely worn off by about 8pm.