I think I was right around 14 years old, but definitely in the ninth grade. I had smoked lots of grass but had never tried anything else and I also knew very little of other drugs, and the mere concept of LSD intrigued me immensely. A friend of mine sold me a few hits of blotter paper and I held on to it for about a week before finally eating them one morning before school. I was pretty naive, and since my only experience with getting high up to that point was with grass I figured LSD would be the same, in that I would get high pretty much instantly or, at the most, after a minute or so. I waited 5 minutes, 10 minutes, and finally after about 20 minutes, I thought I had gotten ripped off by my friend and so I signed off on the notion that I was going to get high on LSD that day. 

I strongly believe that two factors came into play that day that made my experience so completely incredible. First, since I thought the drug wasn't going to work at all, it was that much more amazing, astounding, and indescribable when it did begin to kick in. Second, since I knew nothing of what would happen to me as far as effects, emotions, or physical and psychological sensations, the actual effects were that much more amazing, astounding and indescribable.

The first sensation I felt took me by surprise because, as I have said, I did not expect anything to happen. It was an overwhelming feeling of pure pleasure in my lower stomach, maybe comparable to when one gets butterflies in the stomach but instead of nervousness, it was highly enjoyable in a warm tingly way. And as I sat in class, I became completely enveloped with the urge to just stare off into space or at the wall in an almost blissful trance that was extremely difficult if not impossible to shake off. I remember thinking that the teacher would see me doing this and think I was high, so I began to draw on a blank piece of paper. I began to sketch patterns almost in an automatic way, as if something was controlling my hand and fingers and was drawing on the paper for me. I was making large swooping swirls of spirals, pictograph-type patterns, and other shapes and patterns that one would typically associate with 'psychedelic' art or images. 

All the while this was going on, the drug's effects are getting stronger and more pronounced, and I am getting more and more enveloped in a peculiar soft white cloud in which my mind and body are wrapped. As I leave that particular class to go to my second period class, I am fully aware that not only is the drug working, but working with greater potency than I could ever have imagined. I went through the rest of the school day, from class to class, in a total and utter trance that in retrospect, must have been completely obvious to anyone and everyone. I remember trying to act normal all day, but one thing I had a really hard time minimizing was a grin that would burst onto my face so huge, it felt like my smile was actually consuming my face. I don't remember laughing that much, if at all, but rather it was my smile that for the life of me I just could not shake off of my face no matter what I did or tried. I also remember being completely unable to speak when I was high. When people would talk to me, I would just grin from ear to ear and not be able to utter a single word. Another thing I remember also, was right around the time I must have been peaking, I kept having the notion run through my mind that nothing was real, and it was such a deep and profound idea that I wanted to convey it to everyone around me but I was pretty much completely unable to communicate. 

By the time I got home from school, I was not high anymore; I stopped smiling at anything and everything; I was able to talk out loud and converse normally. I was, however, completely ecstatic and exuberant about what I had experienced that day. I wanted everyone on the face of the planet to go through what I had gone through. I wanted more than anything to share my experience with anyone and everyone who would listen because I had been so completely blown away by it all. All of it was truly too much for words. 

That LSD trip was a watershed event in my life just because of how much it blew my mind and totally floored me in every conceivable way. I have eaten LSD many, many times since that first trip, but there has only been a small handful of those times that have blown my mind with such complete and utter profoundness. It is the kind of experience that words will always fail to express properly. The spoken and written word that we humans have falls way, way short of being able to even mildly convey how deep or profound an LSD experience can be. Unfortunately, far too many people just use it to get 'f---d up', which I think misses the point of LSD entirely. People also sometimes do not use it in the proper settings or with the right people, and countless accidents have occured that have forever tarnished the reputation of LSD. When one ensures all the proper elements in their LSD trip, it can be one of the safest, most profound and memorable experiences in one's entire life. 

LSD is also not for everyone. I am a very secure and stabile individual, so my first trip went smoothly, but had I been a person who was not so secure or stabile, the trip could have gone a lot differently for the worse. All in all, LSD is the kind of drug on which people would benefit from doing homework before blindly trying it.