I've lived here in 'Sin City' (Las Vegas) for 15 long and miserable years. I got addicted to dope about 5 years ago. When I was thirteen years old. I'm almost eighteen now. I started out just sniffing it in my nose, but after about a year I was introduced to smoking it out of a glass pipe that can be bought at almost any dollar store (just ask for an 'insence holder') or you can use a torch and blow your own pipe out of glass tubes sold at any corner convenience store on the block. Smoking tweak is an available option for those, who, like me, begin to get abrasions and scab-like sores in their nose from snorting to many chemicals up there. I've been friends with the same LARGE bunch of people for almost four years and they consist of practically only tweak cooks, tweak users, tweak dealers, and tweak fiends. Out here everybody is trying to be a baller and sell speed to whoever they can, but because of how much gambling there is in this city, most of their 'hussling' is wasted on nickel machines at the closest Green Valley Grocery. 

All of my friends, excluding me and the homies' girls, (I'm the only girl and the only single person that kicks it with who I kick it with) make it a daily routine stealing, hussling or just jonesing the people who either have the sac or the money. They are always the ones on top. Tweak is all too quickly consuming the bodies, hearts and minds of the people of Vegas. A good number of my friends are methlab cooks which is kind of upsetting considering I believe that those who batch have lost the very souls that make them. I still do dope to this day because that last time is always right at my fingertips. But doing dope for so long has caused me to be kicked out of four high school, my parents to divorce each other because my mom refused to throw me to the wolves, the loss of all of my family's respect, and the list of horrible situations I've found myself in, could write a chronicle of soap opera like drama only worse. I know I won't be doing speed for the rest of my life. But for right now seeing as how all I know are tweek addicts, I just can't seem to get the will power to change.

I guess I never really got to find out who I was because I decided to do drugs and numb the pain before exceeding on my journey to figure out who I am without being classified as a 'klucker'.So if I'm not the girl who lives on the east side of town who smokes and/or snorts tweek everyday, has been in 27 fist fights and only lost 2 of them and who has been the only girl in a huge group of much older tweek commanders, I really couldn't even guess who I am or who I ever even was to begin with. I am now on prozac for depression and hostility yet continuing to mix the two chemicals on a daily basis which cannot be good for my already weak liver. Pretty soon I'll move out of this gambling, drug doing hell hole and go somewhere where I couldn't get it if I thought I would die without it. Someday soon I hope.

Below are some of the drug terms here in Vegas. Just for future reference.

NAMES  FOR  SPEED

tweek
hook
grip
candy
dope
shards

NAMES FOR TWEEKING

spinning
gacking
twacking
spunt
twisting a bowl
geeking
ishing

NAMES FOR TWEEKERS

kluckers
tweekers
fiends
smokers
geeks
chickenheads