This being my second experiment with AMT, I have planned on doubling the dose.  While I did vomit about 2 hours into the last experiment, I believe I might know how to prevent that this time around.  Namely: drinking lots of water and smoking a little weed.  We shall see.

A little background: I have taken LSD well over a hundred times, as well as shrooms and  mescaline more than a few dozen, and E about a dozen or more.  I was a habitual MJ user (once a day or more) for approximately 9 years up until my current sojourn in this place I live now.  With psychedelic substances, I consider myself more of an explorer than a recreational user.  This means that something of practical use must emerge for me to regard the experience as a success.

I ingested a solution containing approximately 100-120mg of AMT dissolved in ethanol on an empty stomach at 12:33pm.  Hopefully this will deliver the compound into my system as fast as possible.  [unfortunately I did not have access to tools which could make exact measurements this tiny]  After ingesting the solution, I made an effort to slowly drink a good deal of water to prompt flushing of wastes through urine.  This is a record of events as they happened.

T+30min - Well, so much for not puking!!  Nausea came on quick this time - there was no option, although the vomit was not worse than a normal vomit, especially since it was mostly water.  I was on the second puff from a nice bowl and it struck like lightning.  Hopefully the AMT was absorbed - and from the effects I seem to already be feeling, it has.  I have a massive body buzz.

T+1hr30min - I puked a second time about 10 min after the last report.  Afterwards I felt strong somehow - positive that nausea would not return.  At this point I am 'tripping balls' as we used to say (and still do).  This is definately no lesser psychedelic - although so far the body buzz clearly predominates over the mental stuff (which is still pleasantly there).  I would liken this to halfway between LSD and MDMA on my personal subjective spectrum.   And I have apparently taken a strong dose.  Very pleasurable so far (aside from the hated puke sessions - always a con in my book), although there is a significant amount of desire for jaw clenching.  I am finding that totally relaxing (especially face muscles) almost completely gets rid of it.  Visuals are apparent yet subtle, but then again it is daylight all around me.

T+2hr - Damn I feel REALLY good.  Bodily, emotionally, mentally - and strangely enough I am objective enough to know it is all drug induced.  Yet that is cool - humor is in no lack at all.  I am probably going to smoke some weed and go for a walk outside now.

T+3hr - no walk happened, got distracted by music and funky insights then I started having the classic 100% elightenment experience - I am still in rapture at this moment.  The drug has a bodily presence but seems greatly minimized by the fact that I have no food in me and just water as beverage.  In essence, though - it is only a by-product of what is happening RIGHT NOW.  That takes immediate precedence, of course!  I feel suffused with pure love.

T+6hr(??) - Time has lost meaning.  Im still going strong and I feel like its been generations since I last reported.  Had a nice bowl just now - mellowed things out a bit.  I have no clue why this shit is legal but I bet someone does.  I dont think I understand the weird intricacies and hyprocrasies of the whole drug war.  What a stupid game!!

T+11hr - Coming down now.  I think the water helped immensely because my body doesn't feel 1/2 as bad as the first time I took AMT (which was at 1/2 the dosage I took today).  Of course I also took a Vitamin C pill earlier as well.  Even though I know I'm on the downward from here, I am still very much feeling the effects.  A wonderful experience all in all.  I guess a puke won't stand in my way of trying this stuff again.  Although its good to keep in mind you shouldn't be throwing up all the time - very bad for the teeth.  This trip was mostly spiritual and emotional - and I am still in such a damn good mood! There were deep, cosmic insights but they were all delivered from within love.  Now I am surrounded by it.  I know it sounds stupid, but I am fairly certain I can draw upon this experience for support in the future.  Clearly a 'teacher' drug - and a very benevolent one at that.  I am not in the least bit tired yet.

--------------------------------------------

2 days later - Well, the day after was not nearly as bad as the first time - in fact I felt fine if a bit lazy. I am still happy (in a normal sort of way), and it feels like a legacy effect of the good time I had on AMT.  It was a refreshing lift above the doldrums of day to day life, very much like a tropical vacation (of the mind).  Much more so than the first time I took it (at 1/2 this dosage), I found that the spiritual and 'cosmic' aspects were the main course - with all the body ecstacies and emotional euphorias featured more as highlights.  Visuals were subtle throughout, although they were clearly present.  I must reiterate that keeping a clean system throughout the experience by drinking only water or juice, (and supplemented by a Vitamin C tablet) completely negated any negative physical side effects (except the jaw clenching and a headache which was relieved by aspirin).