My first experience with Salvia Divinorum 10x extract came a few months ago when I learned of it's online availability through various suppliers.  I had tried a 'salvia leave blend legal high deal' a long time ago and noticed no noticeable effects.  I assumed this was how all 'legal highs' were and didn't pursue it any further. 

The salvia had arrived in the mail and I was anxious to try it out right when it got there, but something came up and I had to postpone till later.  

A note to first time trippers, don't do this by yourself.  Don't have anything laying around that could hurt you and make sure someone keeps an eye on you.  I sprinkled a small amount of the odorless, dark green salvia into my bowl and took a small hit.  I felt as if a heavy object was pushing me from wherever I looked and nothing more.  I got up and the effects went away almost instantly.  At this point I was disappointed with the results and figured it was all I was going to get off this.  About 5 minutes later, my curiosity got the best of me as I filled my bowl almost full with the salvia extract and took the biggest hit I could get (much like you would with reefer).  I held it in as long as I could and put down the pipe and sat back on the couch as the music played.  

The trip began instantly, as I do not even rememeber exhaling the smoke.  I felt a woman's presence, much like that of my Mom and she told me something to the effect of 'drugs are good'.  Quickly the trip changed within seconds as I saw pure and brilliant colors in slow swirling patterns.  My vision was a total painting and the colors were dark and solid reds and yellows.  I saw nothing but the swirling patterns for sometime as I thought the world was ending.

Huge 'machines of the universe' were cycling across the land much like giant tractors would till land.  Except the whole universe and world was visible from my point and I was next in these giant machines path.  I had to do something to escape their path of desctruction and the void they left behind.  I then broke out of this period of uncounscious, dream-like state as I almost fell out of the couch onto the floor.  I suddenly jumped to my feet, baffled and confused.  I did not know what was going on and I had little or no clue what I was doing or where I was even at.  The music was playing still, but I had not even heard it when I was 'cut-off from reality'.

The music instructed me to 'Get out and leave'.  I had to get out of the place, I had no idea why.  I quickly tried to put on my belt, fumbling around, all the while the music was instructing me I had to go.  I flung my belt off and I started to run out of the house into the snow outside with no shoes or socks on and a t-shirt.  When I got to the door, I saw my first glimpse of consciousness.  

I stopped dead in my tracks and looked over at the coffee table next to my couch, I saw my drug box sitting there open and I just then realized I had smoked salvia.  The entire time I didn't even know what I had just done.  I began to come to my senses soon and I sat down and brilliant rivers were flowing through my woodgrain walls and patterns of spirits and eyes appeared all over my vision.  I was trying to seperate objects from each other.  Morphinh of objects was controllable as I could make the TV morph into half of the wall, making entire walls disappear, etc.  

At this point, I had had enough of this trip and got up and tried to shake it off and the comedown felt itchy/hot and dirty.  I ripped off all my clothes and got into shorts and they felt all prickly and spiny when I put them on.

The entire experience lasted 30 minutes with comedown.  The peak was 0 seconds - 5 minutes with a 5-10 minute following period of a messed state of mind.