[Erowid Note: 
The dose described in this report is very high, potentially beyond Erowid's 'heavy' range, and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.] 

11:30 AM - Being the teenage thrill-seeking lunatic that I am, I thought I'd have a good time by going out into the woods with 130 pills of dimenhydrinate (50 mg each). I had my whole day planned, I had a lunch with me, a couple bottles of water, and my fishing gear. The total price of my pills was just under $10.00 and I was happier than a pig in shit that I had such a cheap way to get ripped. I popped 20 pills as soon as I was secluded in the trees and had a good place to sit. Since I only had 30 Gravols and the rest of my pills were generic brand, I decided to start with the brand-name. After about half an hour of sitting around doing fuck all I decided it would be cool to pop my last 10 Gravol and then 10 of the generic tabs. How wrong I was.

1:00 PM - Not feeling a good buzz yet at this point, though the colours of the trees are starting to blend into each other quite nicely, I decide to drop another -40- pills. My reasoning was that if I had taken 40 about an hour ago and this was all the buzz I was feeling, I take 40 now and my buzz will be doubled in an hour. I also have a fairly high tolerance of chemicals and I'm a pretty big boy, so in about another half hour I'm saying 'fuck it' and dropping another 20 before I know what's what.

2:00 PM - Oddly still not feeling a strong buzz by this point. Feeling very dehydrated however and drinking lots of water. Decide the pills aren't working for whatever reason and pop the last 30, then throw the empty packages away and eat some lunch.

3:00 PM - Buzz kicking up now, but not nearly as strong as anticipated. I begin walking around now, wondering why my legs are feeling so heavy and why I can't seem to focus on one thought too well, no hallucinations yet however. About this time a couple goes by on a bike and I hear them giggling to each other about the 'stoned boy on the bench'. Pretentious assholes.

4:00 - 5:00 PM - This time is mostly a blur. I was ripped and wandering around in the forest. I lost my fishing gear as my mind explored new vistas of stoned bliss. Losing all fucking motor-skills and coherency was something I expected to happen, but anybody who saw me could probably have easily mistaken me for a crazed wino or something. I was hollering at invisible people and... I can't remember much more.

5:30 PM - For some -STUPID- reason I decided it would be prudent to go home totally fucked. I stumble my way home. When I get there I try to eat a hamburger but end up yelling at the fridge. I go upstairs to my room and flop down on my bed, breathing heavily and seeing little lightning bolts crackling everywhere through the air. The white roof is swimming into itself in waves as I stare at it.

6:30 PM - I snap out of my delerium in my room and try to get up off my bed. I end up puking all over my room and losing my mind. I do not have the presence of mind at this point to even attempt to clean up the vomit. I go into the washroom which is right across the hall and puke several more times. My puke is watercoloured and I am distressed by this for some reason, so I decide to wash my hands in the tub. When I get to the tub however I'm scared shitless to see that where the bottom of the tub should be is nothing but a writhing mass of blue and gray tentacles. I go to the mirror at this point and instantly forget about the tub as I become absorbed by my own image for about 15 minutes or so I guess.
 
7:00 PM - My grandmother needs to use the washroom, but I'm still standing there covered in puke staring at myself in the mirror. I open the door and she can instantly see that I'm totally fucked. She sends me downstairs as she goes into the washroom, but I go into my room instead and pick up a juicy looking steak and lather it with marinade. The steak turned out to be a pair of shorts and the marinade a layer of hair gel. I chomp on my delicious meal as I troop downstairs. For some reason I don't understand, Hitler is in my dining room. I yell some gibberish at him then fall over. By this time my grandmother comes downstairs and sits me in a chair. She tells me not to move.

7:30 - 9:00 PM - I can't remember much of this time either, except my grandmother repeatedly telling me to sit in the chair and not to move, and all kinds of weird, WEIRD hallucinations. The next thing I know I'm at the hospital, but my friend is there with me for some reason, and all I can digest in my fucked mind is that they're taking me somewhere I don't want to go over night and letting my friend go. I babble incoherently at the nurses who hook me up to oxygen and IV lines and shit.

9:30 PM - I hallucinate lighting a cigarette in the hospital and seeing my dad sitting next to me. I yell at him a bit and the nurses come over and start fretting over me. My grandma gives me a wet cloth for my head. Apparently my body was severely dehydrated and my pulse rate was just under 160 beats per minute. I was also running a high fever.

Over the next few hours the hallucinations continued but not as strongly and eventually I passed out. I had blood drawn four times because they couldn't find a vein (dimenhydrinate dehydrates your system quickly). I was injected with various drugs to clean my system, and I felt like a fucking pin cushion. It was the most fucked up I've ever been in my life, and I've experimented with lots of drugs.