7/3/1999

I was taking bupropion for 2 weeks before this experience. I did not take bupropion on this day. Had some GHB the night before. I was taking 1.25 mg deprenyl each morning. I have had 2C-b before and since, but never like this.

I am writing this at 10:30 pm after the experience.
12:50 pm - I am by myself in a park. I take 20 mg 2C-B, and hike up a small hill to a secluded wooded area. It is a calm, warm summer day.

1:40 pm - not much happening yet.

2:00 pm now the 2C-B is kicking in. IN the following description, I was mostly having an emotional experience, these words are a later attempt to describe it in words. There was not much conceptualizing during the experience.

Energies of nature are so intense! I see a beautiful scene, birds singing, everything is ecstacy oozing out of each sound and image,
perfection of being what it is.....

The entire purpose of the universe up to now is to make this sound of a poison oak leaf rubbing against a stem of purple needle grass in the soft breeze now. Everything has a sound of pmm, or prrr, or pwww in it. There is an electric vibration in the air. Birds are in tune with it. A special bird comes and sings so beautifully, it is here every day in this bliss....

I touch an oak tree blasted by lightning. Sadness, I felt some presence had touched this tree before, in a loving way. Now it is going away, very sad. I tap on the tree trunk with my fingers, and tune into the sounds. Very drum-like, it resonates in the woods. I see a skunk. When it gets scared, its tail is very beautiful, like a feather. It hears me tapping on the tree. A squirrel in a tree above me. It is yellowish with orange by its neck. It looks at me and is eating something. It doesn't squawk or chatter. Flys in a swarm make a swirling motion. Sound of the wind in trees moves from place to place. Sometimes I hear it in the distance. There were spirits there, and death....

Each grass plant, insect, bird, wind, and sun knows its entire evolution from the beginning, and is rejoicing in that knowledge, and that it presently exists for the sole purpose of expressing this presentation, this ecstatic play of perfect absolute beauty. The intention of being at that moment was to embody the greatest beauty and peace and joy possible. It was like I arrived at the plaec we always look for, the most relaxing vacation, the most exciting movie, the most beautiful scenic spot, the most intimate friendship,
all desires for beauty, and peace, love, and joy were fufilled beyond any possibility of imagining, nothin disappointing, just could not be better in any way. Completely satisfying. I guess it was a +4.