<!--Smoking diphenhydramine daily. also insufflating-->


One day I was browsing through the vaults to see if I had anything in the house to fuck me up, (since my lazy ass didn't wanna leave the house). I already had a pretty good high going from the resin I had collected when I found that diphenhydramine hydrochloride could get you pretty blasted. So I whipped out my box of Benadryl that I used to take to fall asleep. I usualy took about 200mg and I would get pretty groggy. So I thought that instead of torturing my stomach I would break the capsules open and smoke them. I put the powder into my bowl and started smoking it. I got really paranoid because it started bubbling and turning black, but then I remembered smoking Yellow Jacket powder before and it did the same thing. Taking a huge toke about every five minutes, I had suddenly realized that I had been smoking the initial 25mg for 2 hours and it was still going strong. I didn't really notice till then but my body was totaly numb but everything felt VERY GOOD, espically yawning and stretching, which I did quite often because this stuff really makes you tired. 

I was listening to some techno and when I sat and listened to the music I felt my body and gravity shifting different directions: in, out, left, right, spinning, flipping, felt some really wierd things. Nothing at all visual, just typical weed dreamlike stuff. I kept seeing things out of the corner of my eye though, and also kept having this feeling that someone was injecting something into my back. So the next thing I know I scream out 'FUCK YOU PEOPLE,' and bust open another capsule. But this time I made a line and snorted it. This was totaly not like me, I NEVER snort anything but I just flipped and did it. It was a rush, not like other times I snorted stuff. It was like on those horror movies where they keep flashing violent scenes very quickly while showing a slow haunting one. Then I checked my pulse, it wasnt there. My heart wasn't beating either. But then I went to get a drink because I had this extreme urge to have something cold go into me. I pulled out a Pepsi and chugged it in like 20 seconds and then I close my eyes and I see all kinds of rubber ducks quacking at each other and I open my eyes and I'm on the couch watching People's Court. I didn't realize it as I was doing it but I was actualy in the courtroom arguing with the judge. It was very dreamlike but too real to not beleive. 

When my mom got home about an hour later I got this rush of reality and it was almost like I was sober. I got up and went back into my room and I was totaly fucked up again, it seemed very interesting to me and I HAD to investigate. I went back out and when I saw my mom I went sober again. I left the house and I felt like I was weightless but gravity still kept me on the ground, every time a car passed by I thought that it was going to hit me, but when it passed by I felt a calm feeling, like I just escaped death (if you know what thats like). I passed by a few people and every time I felt sober, I thought of it as an advantage because nobody could tell, I don't think, that I was fucked up. Later I called someone on the phone to see what that was like and my eyes kept closing because I was VERY tired. I would feel like I was being sucked through the phone, going through the wires, and popping out into my friend's ear, every time I talked. 

The next day I went back to school and my face and hands were totaly numb. Every time I breathed through my nose I would get a buzz, so I decided to take a quick breath. I did it and I had trips that were strangely real, but they only lasted a few seconds. I did this for about an hour until it started to wear off. Definitely tires the hell out of you.

I now smoke about 50mg a day and it gives me a surreal feeling thats worth it if there isn't anything else.