I have a million of these stories, none of which I'm too particularly proud of, but this one above all others stand out. I will never forget that night....

Friday night myself and three college buddies decide to go check out this new rave club called 'Velvet' that just opened in downtown Austin, TX. Now, my friend of importance here is named Joe. As the norm, we indulged in some ecstacy that night.

11:00 Myself, Joe and my other two friends each took our first tab as we were driving down to 'Velvet'

11:15 We arrive at the club and start to roll during our long wait in line.

12:00 We finally get in. Joe finds a women that catches his eye and wanders off to go talk to her. Me and my other friends start trying to devise ways to obtain alcohol from the bar (being we were underage). At this time we were just starting to feel the effects of the ecstacy and decide the best course of action is to walk up to people 21+, hand them our money, and ask them if they would mind buying us drinks

1:00 Being that everyone else was rolling as well people were more then happy to oblige to our request. Joe is nowhere to be found.

2:00 After about an hour of drinking and socializing with various other party goers,I pop another tab and hit the dance floor with a girl I've been talking to for a while and proceed to get my boogie on, while my two other friends hang out at the bar. Joe is still no where to be found.

4:00 After what seemed like an eternity of dance mania I decide to call it quits, just before taking my last hit for the night. While I might have thought I was a good dancer at the time, in all reality I was just playing hop-scotch without moving forward. Again, Joe is nowhere to be found.

4:30 Joe is found! He comes running up to me excitedly explaining to me how he meet a girl and had taken a total of 5 tabs over the course of the night. By this time our other two friends were ready to leave and go back home. Joe asks us to give him 30 more minutes while he takes this girl back to his truck to hook up with. We agree, since this guy never gets any ass, and we see him run off towards the bar grab a girl by the hand and out the door. Mind you it was very dark and smokey in the club.

5:00 We stroll up to joe's truck and are spotted. We give him a few minutes to get his clothes back on and hop in the truck. I'm riding shotgun and my two friends are in the back. I decide to turn around and introduce myself to this girl after Joe says we are going to drop her off at her place on the way home. Now the first thing I usually notice about a girl are her eyes. In this case, it was her ADAM'S APPLE!!. Completly shocked and appalled I somehow manage to utter out the words 'How you doing?' In a deep shy voice he/she reply's 'Good'

5:10 The ride home is silent. I look back to see my two friends edgeing away from the shemale towards the passenger side door.

5:20 We drop 'It' off at her place and Joe gets it's number and gives it a kiss goodbye!

5:21 We can't hold it any longer and burst out in laughter explaining to Joe that abomination was a dude. He quickly protests saying 'That was a girl, I checked' To which I replied 'Then you just hooked up with your first post-op tranny!'

5:30 Joe drops us off at my place and before driving off says 'Ok, even if that was a dude, which she was not, don't tell anyone about it!'

And so ends 'The Legend of Joe' The moral of the story? 'If your bi-curious and want to keep it a secret, don't take ecstacy while out with your friends'