There is a lot about myself that I don't know. For a while now, I've had this feeling of there being an untapped resource in my mind. Not much, but maybe something that can help me process my thoughts differently, and make some changes in my life. In an attempt to reach this resource, I used Psiloscybin mushrooms. It was a wonderfully spiritual an emotional experience. Once wasn't enough, I felt. I wanted to continue my journey. Unfortunately, I haven't been able to procure any more shrooms, so I started looking at other psychoactive substances. My search led me to HBW. Natural, cheap, and legal. Beautiful. I read about varying dosages and preparations. The one about taking the seeds sub-lingually seemed worth a try.

Attempt 1:

I pulverized 10 seeds with pliers, and added them to a mouthful of fruit juice. I held the mixture in my mouth for 20 minutes. There were no effects, so I impulsively swallowed the whole mixture. Within minutes, I was dizzy and nauseous. I crawled into bed, hoping to sleep off the nauseousness. I might have tried to throw up, but I held it in, simply not wanting to leave my bed. For the next 8 hours, I drifted in and out of a fitful sleep. When I opened my eyes, my vision was hazy. When I closed my eyes, my visuals undulated. I felt horribly sick the whole time. The next day, I was dizzy.

Attempt 2:

I ground 20 seeds in a coffee grinder, and put them in a bottle of spring water. I let it steep for 2 days, frequently shaking it. This time, I took 2 Dramamine 30 minutes before consuming the water. I then strained out all the seed mush with a coffee filter, and drank half the water. Over the next hour, I slowly drank the other half of the bottle. This time was better. At first, I felt very floaty. The nausea came slowly, but was quite bearable. I took 2 caffeine pills to combat the sedation. After a few hours, which passed by like minutes, I went to sleep in my bed, anyway.

I slept somewhat well, and awoke without much dizziness. However, alone in my room, I got this awful feeling of impending doom. I was horribly scared. I felt as if I wasn't in the right world. As if I had been dropped into an alternate dimension. Everything seemed the same, but there was an eerie, unidentifiable difference. I felt very lonely. A friend invited me over his house, and I went, not wanting to be alone any longer. The 15-minute drive to his house was horrible. [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]   It was dark and raining heavily. My fear grew, and I had to fight the urge to cry. For the rest of the night, I couldn't shake that scared feeling.

Attempt 3:

I took 2 Dramamine, pulverized 15 seeds with pliers, and swallowed them with water. Again, I took to my bed and slept fitfully. After a few hours, I went to the bathroom and threw up. As soon as I threw up, my vision got noticeably clearer, and the nausea mostly subsided. I went back to bed for a few hours, waking up to go to work. As I write these words, I'm at work, feeling like I'm on a rollercoaster. I'm dizzy, nauseous, and sleepy. I'm praying for the end of my shift to come quickly so I can drag myself to my bed again.

I now have 14 seeds left, and I'm going to just flush them. I've given it 3 shots, and each has unpleasant, to say the least.