I thought that the reports of tolerance to dosage was overstated until I proved to myself that those with more experience with this compound were not kidding when they stated in their reports to be careful! After working a full day, and having used 2C-T-7 three days earlier, I decided shortly after dinner one saturday night to double the usual (for me) dose. I already had the 10mg doses ready for consumption in capsule form. (These I measure carefully and install in gel caps.) Down the hatch with 20mg of 2C-T-7 and sit and wait for a reaction.

Half hour later it seemed to me that something was going on, but I couldn't put my finger on what I was feeling. Pretty soon, I knew, or more like guessed that this was going to be on heck of a ride. Sure enough, it was. All at once it occured to me that I had better get to the bathroom NOW. This feeling wasn't preceeded by any physical distress, just an intuitive feeling. Vomited a couple of times. Sure felt better once the nausea abated.

Cleaned my face, brushed my teeth, and felt like a new man for about five minutes. After the new man, came the NEW man. All of a sudden, the world for me changed. Mostly, the things that I find perplexing became clear. I'm not a person who suffers with a lot of confusing thoughts, but during this fantastic trip the idea of anything being confusing to me was completely out of the question. I knew everything worth knowing, and saw every aspect of my life with a clarity previously unknown to me.

Along with this mental clarity came the most fascinating visual disruptions. Pretty hard to describe them all but I saw the screen on my window melt, and then return to its usual self. Looking outside I watched as the shadows that were made by security lighting grow beyond all reason, then slowly return to their rightful size. Colors were almost intense, and I'm sure that anything visual that appeals to me normally, holds more fascination and joy for me than it does at any other time. I would not be telling all if I did not mention tactile sensations. They are over the top, to say the least. Not much more to say about that without getting too personal. The whole 2C-T-7 experience is one that I will continue to enjoy (sparingly) for as long as I am able.