I had an excellent experience with some Tahitian grown HBWR seeds that I'd like to share.  Taking a lot of the advice from folks on the net, I first prepared it as follows:

I scraped the little husk and fuzzy layer of the outside of the seed as best I could, then put a match to the seed to try to get more of the fuzzy layer.  I placed 5 seeds in a plastic baggie & smashed them a little with a hammer.  (The little bastards are really tough.)  I then ate the broken seeds, chewing them in my mouth for a while as well.  I ate them on an empty stomach (except for a vitamin-c tablet I had earlier, dunno if it helped at all or anything) at around 2:30pm, and had some orange juice as a chaser for the taste.  (The seeds don't taste too bad, but OJ tastes much better.)

For about 1 hr I felt mildly nauseous.  Not too bad, like a really mild stomachache.  I kept drinking OJ & also cola, it seemed to help to drink something carbonated.

At about 1 ½ hrs, I started to feel a little something.  I felt generally happier.  Nothing too intense, but definitely an attitude that I wish I could have all the time.  I was playing a computer game, waiting for effects (and for my wife to get home).  While playing, I turned to look out the window at our garden and was amazed at how cool all of the flowers looked.  They didn't look any different than normal, it was simply that I appreciated them more.  I also started to get slightly antsy... I'd get up fairly often, which was good since there was still some slight nausea, so it was good to keep refilling my drink.

By around 2 hrs, my wife came home with some friends and I was starting to fully feel all of the effects.  I was slowly becoming very controllably happy.  It was not a mad rush of 'Oh my God, life is so great' like MDMA, but rather a slow approach of happiness.  I liked this way a lot better than the mad rush.  Along with this, I also had some slight mind-racing, but also amazing lucidity.  My mind could not stay focused on one topic too long, but I seemed to have incredible insight while on whichever topic.  Even now, looking in retrospect, my thinking seemed much clearer.  One example: we were listening to Edie Brickell's 'Circle', and my wife asked me about what I thought the song meant.  Well, it's a fairly direct song, but still I would normally have said, 'I think it means such-and-such, but maybe she's also trying to say blah, blah blah...'  Instead, I just summarized the whole thing in one really succinct sentence that made perfect sense & seemed really accurate.  Lastly, I also noticed time dilation.  Sometimes I would just be stuck in a moment, with plenty of time to contemplate about it.  We were watching a movie that was excellent to heckle and still enjoy, and it seemed like the moments of laughter just didn't end.

As time went on, all of the effects above just intensified, but never became too much.  I think it was the perfect dose for me, although with seeds it's hard to know an actual dose.  At the peak, I also saw some slight visuals, but never really much, and no improved sound appreciation.  Sound seemed louder and light brighter, though.  Even though I was not at all hungry (even though I hadn't eaten in a while), taste was more intense.  I had this spicy rice dish and I could still taste the starchy rice taste, even with all the hot spices everywhere.

The happiness and mind-racing seemed to come in off-set waves.  That is, I would start to feel happy, then as the happiness 'peaked' I'd start to feel my mind racing a bit (but not too much).  Then as the racing peaked, the happiness faded.  Then for a while, I felt sort of normal.  But, then the whole cycle would start again.

I mostly came down around 8 or 9 at night, but the lucidity stayed with me for the rest of the night.  In fact, I met up with a friend who is sort of a drinking buddy.  We went out to drink at around 10pm.  I felt totally 'sober' by then, but still my thinking was extra clear.  We had a few drinks, and I didn't get drunk at all.  I got more happy & chatty (the good parts of being drunk), but I never got intoxicated.  I have to believe it was because of some lingering effect of the seeds.

Overall, it was an AWESOME time, and none of it was ever too intense.  From reading other folks, I think that it was because I found the right dose.  The only downside, which I didn't mention above, is that I was burping a lot in the first hour or so, and that I had bad gas for about the next two or three days.