I have been using Adderall along with various other amphetamine type drugs for several years now.  I am in a profession where I have access to lots of Schedule II narcotics.  

I am an IV drug user and have used cocaine and meth in the past.  I stumbled across Adderall last year. I have never experienced a more complex and beautiful high.  I felt as though I could get anything done with little to no adverse effects.  Unlike meth the dose is predictable.  I can tell how long I will be up and when I will be able to come down and go to sleep. I do not experience the overamped feelings like I do with meth.  The icing on the cake is that I know without a doubt when I get the little orange pill or the orange capsule with the tiny little balls in it, I'm getting the real thing, uncut!  

I would hope to find someone with the same addiction and love for this drug. The only downfall to this drug is that it would not break down.  I tried and tried to get it into the typical insulin syringe with no luck.  I crushed, stomped, lemon juiced, cooked, baked, watered down until I was blue in the face.  Finally I got brave, I got a bigger syringe and a smaller gauged needle.  I used 4 of the 30mg Adderall XR capsules.  I opened the capsules into an envelope and hammered away at those little balls until they were all powder(this took quite a long time).  Then I placed them in a shot glass and used 3 cc of hot H2O.  They broke down beautifully!!!  I was so excited my hands were shaking.  The 22 gauge needle drew all the liquid up except some sediment in the bottom of the glass.  I then injected this exceptional drug into my arm.  Within seconds my throat felt tight, my ears began to ring, my vision was blurry, I could feel my mind and heart rate begin to soar. I had arrived at a new level within myself and within my addiction. 

I would never suggest someone just starting out with Adderall use this much at once.  I have been using it for a steady year and my tolerance is even higher now then when I successfully blasted it.