I had done DXM twice--both about ten years ago, and recently decided to give it another go.  My mind had been feeling unusually cramped as of late, but being in Taiwan, I have no access to other, more 'conventional' mind opening substances.  I absolutely cannot drink cough syrrup--even the smell can summon my lunch--so after hunting around I found a medicine in capsule form called 'Noncough capsules S.T.'  Each capsule contains 20mg DXM, 90mg potassium cresolsulfonate, and 20mg lysozyme HCL.  

I researched the latter two ingredients, and was satisfied enough that they wouldn't kill me.  Still, to be on the safe side, I opted for a cautious dosage of 180mg (and after all, it had been a decade).

It's my thinking that it was the capsules that messed everything up.  Well--let me say that it wasn't an unpleasant experience, just too drawn out.  It was like taking a very positive day-long experience and stretching it like a rubberband over the course of three days.  Or is there something about those other two ingredients I'm unaware of?  

I took the pills at 1 p.m. Sunday, and figured I would clean up my apartment and take a shower, and be all set in about an hour to welcome the effects.  As it turned out, the effects finally began to creep in at about 4 p.m., and slowly heightened throughout the evening.  It was a nice evening, a lot of free and loose thought, although with occasional bouts of restlessness where I would get up pace the floor for a minute.

I can't remember when exactly I finally nodded off, but it took a while, and I was fortunate to have a light workload the following day.  I teach English to Taiwanese children, a job with which catatonia doesn't mix.  Several times I had students wave their hand in front of my glazed eyes.  Monday especially was a daze.  I was definitely still tripping, which at times was really cool because children can be very fascinating to study.

Tuesday I was a little less out there--at the window looking in, perhaps--although I still couldn't eat much.  I have a very fragile appetite, so I've learned to just be patient and await that wonderful meal I'd have when the appetite returns.  I was, however, incredibly sleepy.  Sometime on Wednesday I suppose I finally felt normal.

I doubt it's normal to go through a DXM haze for three days.  I'm considering opening the capsules and creating some sort of down-the-hatch concoction, but I'm nervous about having to trudge through another handful of work days if it ends up the same.  And, I'd like to do a higher dosage the next time.  Any comments?  In addition to input on capsules, I'd appreciate any knowledge about those two other ingredients.