After about 2 weeks of hearing about this magestical powder supposively better than mescaline, me and a couple of my best friends found 50 mg. gell capsels of lucky seven, along with dxm in pill form. We were  told not to snort a whole 2C-T-7 pill under any circumstances, because we wouldn't be able to tolerate it. We were also advised not to mix the dxm pill w/ the 2C-T-7. This was the only advise we got about the shit. Me and my two friends are very expierienced psychodelic users, so we realy didn't take the advise, we were just ready to finally get fucked up.

At around 10:15 p.m. we all snorted half of our 50 mg.'s, and was planning on doing the other half, but this was the worste burn we've ever felt. It was very irateable, the drip was unbearable, and I kept sneezing, making my vision more blury. I just tried to relax, but I felt the chemical surging through my entire body, making my legs convulse. I started to get realy fucked up, and the liquidy visuals kicked in instantly. It was at this time, my friend who took the dxm went outside, and looked like he was in bad shape, I just relaxed in the room, noticing how the trip was progressing rapidly. My nose still burned like a bitch, and I felt like I was on like 50 hits of liquid A. 

I went outside to kinda 'get away' from my trip, and when I walked out, both of my friends were throwing up, then I threw up-foamy, acidic shit from the bottom of my stomach. Our body's were rejecting this foriegn chemical we had previously never heard of.

After puking, the trip got more relaxed, but the visuals were off the hook. We could finaly chill to roll up all the weed we had, and after a joint, the twister board hanging up on my friends wall began flashing, and after staring at it, the dotted colors swirled together-melting like, liquidy, but flashing real fast. The white spaces beetween the circles of colors began to form patterns and colors, all while melting downward, and to the right, and the whole time I kept thinking, 'What the fuck is this shit, where does it come from, and why the fuck is it LEGAL?!!?'

After the most amazing visuals I've ever had off the kaliedascope twister board, we all went to my friends hot tub, were we all watched the water change colors like bright orange, to teal blue, then purple, Like electrical surges of colors rippling through the hot tub. We did this for at least an hour and a half while smokin hella chronic-the sky above was the third best visuals I got. It, too, was liquidy/melting, and rapidly changing colors.

I've snorted the same amount of lucky seven two times since, and got different reactions both times. But I'm not taking the shit anymore. It hurts realy bad, and the naseua is shady as fuck. It's not realy as intense as acid as far as the jaw-clenching goes, but if you're a big fan of liquidy-melty visuals that won't stop, and you can handle the kaliedascoope-flashes, this is your type of hallucinagin.