Ever since grade 9 I've been into mind altering substances. Of course it started with weed, then drinking, then mixing the two and after that the inevitable happens, you move up the drug food chain. I've tried a variety of different drugs, I thought the best one was e's, but....I was wrong.

About a month and a half ago a buddy of mine said he had a sheet of acid, I was immediatly intrigued by the news because I've always wanted to try it, reason being is that everyone I've talked too that's done it says it's the best high they've ever had. They were right. 

It was two days before Halloween and I wanted to get some before that day just in case he was busy or inaccessable. So I went to his house, did it up and went home pleased knowing that I had something to trip on. About an hour after that he called me saying he got some booze and that he didn't want to drink alone and that he'd give another half hit if i went over. Of course I went. After I got to his house I said 'fuck it' and dropped them both. About 45 minutes went by without feeling the effects and I was starting to get discouraged but he kept saying don't worry, it'll kick in soon enough. Out of nowhere he just gave me another hit and kept saying dont worry man, it'll kick in, dont worry....he was right!

It was roughly 11:00pm when I started getting trails. I've experienced trails before on a couple other things like e's, shrooms and a few other drugs. My buddy, lets call him 'Nick', had finished his beers and k.o.ed because he had school the next day. So there I was, alone and on 2 1/2 hits for my first time in his basement just when the good things were starting to happen. I had so many expectations of what was going to happen. Like I thought that I was gonna see wierd things walking past me or other weird things like that, but what I learned is that acid isn't like that. It fucks with your head. Out of the corner of my eye I thought I saw his dog so I called her name and looked over and she wasn't even there.

Alot of shit like that happened, however, the thing that got to me the most was the wallpaper he had. It was a simple white paper with lines running down, and man, it mesmerized me for along time. It was going 3D then shifting back and forth and too much other weird shit that ya can't explain. After that, I think I trippin on the wall for maybe 45 minutes then needed a smoke. The rising smoke was doin alotta weird stuff, it would rise fast then slow down and so on. TV looked so fake, not the program itself but the back ground, again I can't explain it. Late night TV blows. I was watchin the old Spiderman, dont ask me why, and some other shows when I just got this idea to watch a trippy movie to go along with the trip. It sounded feesable but after a while it went to shit.

I had a little weed on me so I grabbed Nick's pipe and bunned some. Weed isn't a big thing for me, it's practically second nature, but it did me good. As I toked I looked up to the stars, it was a clear night, I marveled and the absolute clarity of everything up there and, in that instant, everything made sense, I don't know why or how, but it did.

I was feeling really good after I came back inside but I couldn't just stay inside and trip, I had to walk around in the dark and trip. I think it was about 4 or 5am when I left and I just walked, mainly staring up to the sky, thinkin about crazy shit, and I noticed the Moon had a greenish colour to it the whole thime I was outside. I kept getting really cold chills every 2 or so minutes and my clothes were bugging me alot, I still don't know why. I kept going through smoke after smoke, too. I was close to my house when just as I looked up I saw a shooting star so I took it as a good omen.