This is just a quick observation of potentiating DPT (IM) with harmine.  I mainly did this experiment because I couldn't find any reports of anyone using an MAOI in combination with DPT administered intra-muscularly.  The experiment was pretty simple, consisting of one experience with 50mg DPT alone and another experience a week later with 50mg of harmine taken orally 30 minutes before injecting 50mg DPT.

    I'd have to say that the main difference between the two experiences (for me at least) was the 'body vibration'.  The harmine seemed to increase the vibration more than any other aspect.  It never got to the point that it was overly distracting, but there was definitely a rise in activity.  The timeline up unil the peak was roughly the same both times, but the post-peak trail-off changed slightly.  Where the first experience slowly subsided into a warm afterglow, the harmine combination actually felt somewhat 'stretched out' even though the actual length of the trip wasn't considerably longer (+20 minutes max).  With the harmine the body vibration didn't totally fade out until I was nearly baseline at around the +3:30 point.  The visions also had a more frustrated feel to them... not so much in me, but more so in the characters I saw.  This could have been a result of the increase body load, but I couldn't tell for certain.  As far as open-eye visuals go, I couldn't really tell a difference between the two... same for the auditory effects (whirling sounds and objects flying by).

    There was actually something I noticed that diminished: the importance of good vs. evil.  I had read several trip reports of people seeing demons and such so I decided to see if I 'could' see them.  With DPT alone it was pretty easy to slip into a psudo-demonic space.  I remember everything turning completely red and having the feeling that something bad was sneaking up behind me.  I really wouldn't have been surprised if my sitter suddenly grew horns and started spitting blood... a little meditation and I was back into friendly territory.  I tried the same thing on the harmine combination, but the concept of evil just didn't seem to be important... I actually felt that my experience was above 'such trivial ideas'.  I found that somewhat amusing at the time.

    Between the two experiences I'd have to say that the first was the more enjoyable one.  The visions were more flowing and meaningfull (as opposed to the somewhat 'tedious' nature of the second).  I also enjoyed the easy access to the 'demonic' space (as odd as that sounds).  My sitter also tried 50mg alone a few days later and reported a simmilar space at one time.  He termed it 'your friendly neighborhood Satan' and said it never really felt confrontational.

    I'm glad I had the chance to try these substances together, but I'll probably stick with just DPT in any future endevors... taking a higher dose instead of using harmine generally gets better results (though some other harmine combinations are nice in their own right).  I hope this information is helpful... if anyone else has tried this combination then I'd love to hear about it.


 -Mac