To start off, this was going to be my first time using any psychedelics.  I had no access to acid, mushrooms, or any other chemicals.  I had ordered some 5x extract from a vendor online and half expected not to receive my shipment.  When it arrived I was in total shock and excitement.  I sat in my room looking at my 1g bag of the black colored almost powdery substance.  I could make out little pieces of leaves in the mix.  Upon opening the bag to get a whiff, I was pleasantly surprised by an almost tea-like smell.  I grabbed my metal pipe and my lighter from my lockbox in my corner.

By this point, all the experiences I've read were racing through my mind.  Nothing could have prepared me for what was about to happen in a few moments.  I turned off all the lights except for a red sign on my wall which made the entire room appear red.  I've only had the sign for a few weeks.  I turned on a SOMA FM channel from shout cast and turned it relatively low.  I took a small pinch of the substance and put it into my bowl, maybe filling it 1/5th of the way.  I packed it down and prepared to take my first hit.

I took the deepest hit that I could while holding the flame as close to the bowl as I could so as to get the most out of it.  I quickly set my bowl down and ran toward my window readying to blow the smoke out (Big mistake).  After about 20 seconds, my chest started POUNDING and I felt extremely heavy.  I held it out the entire 30 and exhaled; I lay on my bed and waited for something to happen.  Nothing happened except I kept getting creepy feelings from the things around me.  Walls felt like they were closing in, I kept seeing things in the corner of my eye.  I was bummed so I took a little bigger pinch this time and packed it up.  Mind you, I was very disoriented at this time and was having a hard time standing up straight.  By this time, I was getting this tribal almost ancient Indian vibe.  I kept seeing Indians and open flames and dancing in my precog vision.  It felt very eerie.

The second bowl would prove to be more interesting than the last.  I wrote down the time on a piece of paper and set it down.  It was 7:05pm right before I took my second hit.  This time I had my blankets all moved on my bed and I made a 'crash pad' with pillows in case it hit hard.  I took the second hit and put my bowl on the counter again.  This time while counting I could see more things in the corners of my eyes.  As I approached 30 seconds, everything took a cartooney feel.  Everything that I saw had borders (like cartoon borders) except the borders were made up of elephants and bright flowers and they were all moving in a straight line.  I exhaled and nearly fell over so I made it to my bed and crashed.  As I fell it felt as though I was falling into a lake, I flew through the bed and felt as though I was completely inside of my bed except for my head.

I closed my eyes briefly and there was a school bus that was spinning very fast clockwise creating a black spinning vortex that swayed from right to left.  I felt it pulling me down harder and harder and there was this almost tribal feeling to it.  I kept trying to open my eyes as I was frightened but after the second or third time I tried to open my eyes, most of the pulling had stopped.  I felt like I was stuck in muck and trying to free myself.  I was entangled in my blankets and was pushing them off me as though it was something evil.  I clearly remember mumbling something about NO or something to that effect.  By this time I had gained enough consciousness to sit back up.  I didn't know whether I was still tripping or if that was it.  I look at the clock and its now 7:32pm.  The entire experience felt like all of 30 seconds so I was convinced that I was tripping and would wake up on my bed shortly.  I went downstairs to grab a piece of pizza and came back up.  I was still very very disoriented not knowing whether that was it or if there was more.  I waited about a half hour (8pm) and contemplated taking another hit.

At 8:05 I packed a half bowl of the substance and lay on my bed.  I took a deep hit and set my pipe and lighter on my headboard.  By this time, the familiar 'feeling' had returned and I was starting to feel strange.  As I exhaled the smoke was filled with images of skulls and flame-looking trails.  I lay back and stare at my sign for a second and all the walls start spinning.  It was almost as though the floor was detached from the walls and was spinning.  The walls took on a yellow appearance and I kept hearing 'SELL IT ALL SELL IT ALL' and I remember saying NO.  My vertical blinds turned into crayons and started melting downwards.  I tried to turn my head to look straight at them but was unable.  By this time I had noticed the music and it started giving me a weird feeling.  I was at the brink of fear, but not quite scared.  I was intrigued.  After what seemed like 30 or 40 seconds, I started to regain control and clarity again.  As with last time, I almost felt like I was thrown out of the experience by some unknown power.  I can remember saying why me a few times as I came to.  I sat up and looked at my closet (which was spinning a little still) and it gradually returned to normal. 

The entire second experience took another 25 minutes (It was now 8:30) but still only felt like a few seconds.  For the next hour I felt very edgy and just plain 'off'.  I grabbed a can of green tea and decided to sit down and reflect.  I was again uncertain if this was all part of the drug and that I would awaken on my bed, or if it was done.  Looking back, it was a semi frightening experience, but I do not regret it.  I plan on taking another trip soon, this time I will increase the dosage in hopes to have a deeper more meaningful trip.  Overall, that was one of the most bizarre experiences I have ever had, and I am still having a hard time understanding it.