I have been smoking pot on and off for about a year.  I have been anywhere from slightly buzzed to pretty stoned.  However, about a week ago, I got more stoned than ever in my life.

The evening began with drinking with friends.  I had about five beers or so and was somewhat intoxicated and decided to smoke pot.  I never before smoked much pot while being drunk, so I thought I'd try it out.

After three full bong hits (which usually just gets me mellow), I immediately felt the marijuana come on.  It seemed like my typical feeling except that it began almost immediately.  However, after about ten or fifteen minutes I 'forgot' where I was and quickly remembered.  My short term memory was so shot that it seemed as though I were constantly waking up from being asleep--reorienting myself, reminding myself where I was.  I started feeling anxious and restless and so decided to leave my friends and listen to music in my room.  When I closed my eyes, I could literally see the patterns in the music and I felt them very intensely.  I became so excited and had an intense desire to be with others, so I returned to the room where my friends were.  As I stood up, it seemed as though my feet were miles below me.  When I stretched out my arms, they seemed much longer than usual.  When I moved my hands in my peripheral vision they looked very different than usual, which seemed very amusing to me.

I came back to be with my friends.  When I got there I began to see everything differently.  I was not hallucinating per se, seeing things that weren't there--everything looked the same, but just seemed very different.  I felt as if reality were a movie I was watching from far away.  Everything real seemed like a joke and not real.  It felt like where I was was real and that reality was something I was watching, because everything was disjointed and unconnected.  Causes and effects were divorced: everything was just actions in an ever changing present.  Though it was disorienting, it was rather pleasant and everything seemed humorous.  I felt no inhibitions and said anything that came to mind.  I would spontaneously start laughing at anything.  Everything seemed more interesting and heightened.  Foods tasted better, music sounded better, because everything was an immediate rush of sensations.

My friends left and I sat alone.  My arms began hurting and I thought that the veins in my arms were exploding.  I knew that this was just paranoia from the cannabis and it stopped bothering me.

In retrospect, I think it must have been the alcohol that intensified the pot experience.  The experience was one of my most profound and dramatic, lasting several hours.  I went to bed at +4:00.  In the morning I was back on Earth but only 99%.  I still had residual effects throughout the day.