I will keep this report as subjective as possible in regards to mindset, setting and prep. but dosage in regards to the calea is a bit interesting...

1pm. I took two advil mainly for a sore neck but other wise no OTCs or presciptions. 
4:20pm I had gotten off work and after reading and planning for tonight's activities I began to decide what to do.
5p.m. I had an empty stomach, mindset was anticipatory but positive, physically I am 6'4' tall, athletic and healthy. I also had a good night's sleep. I started the night with the amanita's. I had gotten 7g and after trying to smoke a bowl two night's before (I found it did nothing for me or my friend) I deciding on making a 'soup' out of the rest of it. One medium cap and all the bits and pieces. I boiled two cups water with the amanitas in the water on high heat and then turned it down to simmer. I was very hungry since I did not eat all day so I added corn from half a cob, five or six baby carrots, cut up one hot dog and seasoned with onion and garlic salt about five minutes into cooking. I cooked it for about 20 minutes. Suprisingly, it was very yummy, espcially the mushroom.
5.35pm. I finished the soup.
5.50pm. I felt slight nausea for five minutes.
6.pm I felt euphoric at first and giggly, no visuals but could feel this rush of power and energy. I slight flushing of the skin as well. I also felt a little slowed in thinking and speech.

6.30pm I had left to my friend 'D''s house since I had told him we were to try the calea together. By this time I could still feel the amanitas building up in a feeling of slight euphoria and giddyness and definitly energy and power, like I could hang from the ceiling by my toes!
7.30pm, I noticed CEVs and when I stared at my friend's novajo blanket I could watch the pattern 'breath and swell'. I felt like dancing and at times laughing out loud. I had trouble controlling the volume of my voice as well. I also began getting trails and 'aura glows' around objects and people's heads.
7.40pm 'D' and I prepared half of an ounce or about 15g of Calea. Z by placing it in between several coffee filters in a little more than two coffee mugs of water. We let it steep and boil in the water until it very nearly boiled over but turned down the heat to a simmer. We continued to let it simmer when we left.

7.50pm We had to drop off 'M' who came to visit at 'D's' house. I had been waiting to smoke a bowl of leonotis (lion's tail) which was all flower tops. 'D' and 'M' both agreed it was awesome stuff. I had begun smoking dagga for the first time over the weekend. I noticed the appreciable feelings it gives for 30 minutes to an hour. They liked how it hit them right away with a clear-minded high like nugs but no stoney or tired feelings. We continued to smoke two more bowls and 'M' after just trying a bit had to buy some off me!! At this point, I began to feel pretty out there, the sun was going down and I'm beginning to peak off of the amanitas with an energetic and euphoric high with slight visual distortions and the Dagga had me high and heady. 
8.10pm We got back to the house to notice the calea had boiled down more water than we thought! It was very dark green and the smell was remincent of sage. I added some bottled water to it and this produced two and a half coffee mugs.
8.15pm I took my first big sip of the Calea Z. and I will say this with all truth, its the most nasty bitter-tasting stuff EVER. I have drank 10g of long-boiled KRATOM tea in the past and thought 'man this is nasty' but the horrible after-taste that Calea Z. produced made me not want to breath! 

8.35pm Before I had even finished the rest of the brew, I began feeling effects of sensory intensity. I felt as if the music playing in my 'D''s basement had become more profound and intense. Touch became more intense and a feeling of 'crazy calm' flowed into me. I felt lingering effects of the lions' tail but the Amanitas produced visuals that my friend did not have since he only had Calea Z. We slammed the rest of the tea and nearly threw up but I felt that the Amanita and Calea said 'hello' in my stomach and decided to do a joint attack on my senses. The Calea affected my auditory by making music feel intense and dreamy. The Amanita gave interesting visuals such as the breathing objects, trails and glows. I felt sedated by the Calea Z but the Amanita kept me engerized. 
9.00pm We went to pick up 'S' from her house and smoked another bowl of Lion's Tail between the three of us. She also reported feeling happy and good. 'D' and I both smoked a bowl of the Calea Z as well. We went back to my girlfriends place and waited for her to get ready, the visuals began to pick up steadily. The Calea definitely gave a synergistic effect and began to to make me feel like the night was a dream. I felt definite time-lagging and so did my friend who only did the Calea Z.

9.20pm 'D' and I played Halo 2 while we waited. I was able to play on a rudimetary level but not nearly as good as I am sober. It felt more engaging and intense though and I felt quicker but less controlled in action.
 [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!] 
9.50pm I normally can handle psychedelics and operate fairly normally. I know that driving under the influence is probably the DUMBEST thing around. I tried to drive for about 15 minutes to the club but had to pull over and let my sober girlfriend take the wheel. The music cresendos and pulses began to effect my ability to concentrate on the road not to mention the visuals! I took a back seat and let the night continue on with me and 'D' smoking Lions Tail in the back.
10.40pm We finally got to the club, the ladies had to get some food and I bought a burger. I noticed that the food tasted more intense in flavor! My friend 'D' verified it. I couldn't believe these feelings of intensity as if every sense was amplified! When we got there I began to drink a Crown and Coke and I felt more and more sedate.

11.00p.m.-2.00a.m I ordered a strawberry shisha hookah to puff on at the club and relaxed. The pulsing techno called me to move but the feelings of sedation gripped me to the seat as I puffed long on the hookah. I felt the good ole' buzz of the shisha tobacco but the flavoring was even more intense as I floated on the heady feelings. Time instead began to ebb and flow with an hour whisking away then five minutes lasting an eternity.
2.15am We smoked two more bowls of calea, It messed up 'S' more than anything and she even told me that she had powerful nightmares last night!! 'D' reported being unable to recall dreaming but felt definite aftereffects the next day. 
3.00am I finally got home after dropping every one off and stopping at walgreens, I had to get some gatorade and also took a multivitamin to help flush out the intoxicants. I went to sleep and had very powerful in-control dreams that were more intense than normal.

All in all, definitely something to experience again maybe with more amanitas I did a small amount. (but loved it when they were cooked). Drawbacks include fasting for a day (I find that it helps IMMENSELY with any psychedelic), And drinking the Calea Z. tea. But chasing it immediately with Pepsi really helps.