It was a Tuesday night and the UPS man had just brought me a commercial product claiming to contain LSA that I ordered. It is a 'legal high' compilation of herbs that claims to contain LSA as the active ingredient (LSA is the active ingredient in Morning Glory seeds). 

At approximately 10:30 PM I took six capsules and retired to the bedroom. About a half hour later I started to feel the infamous Morning Glory nausea. An hour went by and I started to feel a bit trippy with various perception changes, light trails, and a little macroscopia. If I laid on the bed and looked at the ceiling it would seem to bow up like the room was curved. It was now about 12:30 AM and I had also started to feel kind of drunk and sexually arroused (I think this was caused by the other herbs in the product and not by the LSA). I then started to listen to some Velvet Underground and put The Psychedelic Screensaver on my computer(I have a triple monitor setup and the screensaver was spanned across all three in a completely dark room; it did wonders for my trip).

It was now approximately 1:30 AM and for some reason I decided to smoke some Salvia Divinorum. I took four deep hits of Salvia and didn't really feel any effect so I started to pack up my smoking apparatus. It was then I looked up and saw many long lines of psychadelic light (with open eyes). I closed my eyes and I suddenly became a brick in a large multicolored wall. Painted on the wall was a blocky little man and I was a brick going in his foot area. The entire time I was the brick it was as if I was disconnected from my body and was circling around the room with the wall. Also, there was a small boy in the room which seem to be commanding me where to go. I have no idea how long I sat watching the wall but it was probably less then five minutes. 

At this time I got up and managed to put my smoking apparatus away before I collapsed on the bed and closed my eyes again. As soon as I closed my eyes I was in another multicolored room and this time there was a tunnel which seemed to go into space. I sat with my eyes closed looking thru the room for some time and finally got up and managed to write a brief description of what had happened(though I was still tripping pretty hard). Somehow it had gotten to be about 3:15 AM so I went to bed (though I didn't get to sleep for a while and managed to have a few more experiences that I can't remember while in bed).

This was probably the strangest trip of my life. I had done Salvia Divinorum alone and with marijuana before but it was nowhere near as intense as it was while on LSA. I really can't remember much about what happened or how I felt after I smoked the Salvia, I just remember the visions I saw. It is now 2:15 PM the next day and I am still feeling pretty trippy and can't really type that well but I want to submit this before I forget :)