I've tripped alot, but I wanted to write something about my last trip, which landed me in the hospital....

My brother and I had bought a vial of LSD which probably contained around 300 hits.  We were tripping every weekend, and we decided we should just buy alot at once so we could skip going to dealers every weekend.  Plus, LSD ain't easy to find in some places, and it's not always there.  We shouldn't have gone through with buying this vial though because of this experience I'm about to relate...

January 2001 - The vial of LSD comes into our apartment.

I couldn't wait for the weekend to start tripping, so I decided to start dropping acid that night.   My tolerance was up, so I took 5 hits to start off with.  30 minutes later I was tripping a bit but I wasn't achieving an awesome trip that I wanted.  So I grabbed the vial and squeezed a few drops onto a sugar cube and the whole cube seemed like it turned the color of the vial.  I dropped the sugar cube any way because I was damned determined that I was going to have a hardcore trip that night.   Well, it was hardcore alright, but it turned into a bad trip beyond anything I have ever experienced.

First, I felt my spine light up as the acid took hold of my body and a sensation crawled up my back and shot into my brain.  I immediately knew that this trip was different from the others.  Then my spine started to hurt.  It felt just like my spine had been plugged into an electrical outlet.  Then my chest and back started to tighten and I felt numb.  Also this happened in my legs and arms -they also went numb.  My head felt like it was tearing apart and being crushed in a vise at the same time.  My friends didn't know what to do so they took me to the hospital because I felt like I was about to explode....

Laying in the emergency room, I screamed my guts out.  There was a guy next to me who was passing a gall stone and he was screaming his guts out too.  The nurses were asking me stupid questions about how old I was,  my age, and other bullshit like 'it's not real'.  I told them that it was real because I was in pain.  Anyways, they forced a bunch of charcoal down my throat because they said it would help neutralize whatever was left in my stomach.  (truth is, those nurses and doctors didn't know what to do).  Then, they gave me a blood test.  I was screaming for awhile until two nurses held me down while another gave me a shot of some chemical in my ass (lord knows what it was)...

Things were in chaos.  The state of Kentucky (the silloette) formed in the ceiling.  I knew I was doomed.  The heart monitor next to my bed was sky rocketing. I decided to try and make it flatline, but I was unsuccessful.  I also remember telling the nurses that I was really a Horse, and that my leg was broken, so could they take out behind the hospital and just shoot me.  

I was definitely out of mind during the time, but they asked me to piss in a bottle so they could administer a urine test.  There was a sink right next to my hospital bed so I struggled to drop my pants and 'whip it out' so I could piss into the bottle.  Well,I missed and pissed all over myself, the sink, the floor, and on the supply drawer.  (I did get some in the bottle though ...ha! )

I was still in pain.  I looked around and it was like everything was an infinite copy of itself.  Like I was surrounded by mirrors and I was seeing an infinite reflection of everything.  I kept screaming to the nurses for thorazine, but they told me they didn't know what that was (more bullshit!)  I was pretty sure I was going to die, so I started muttering prayers to God asking him to kill me please.  That didn't work either.  To make things worse, my friends stopped by and visited me.  They were all tripping (off of my vial without permission or payment) I screamed for them to bust me out of here before the nurses came back.  They left though, so I nursed a deep grudge.  

Finally I started to realize that being here in this hospital wasn't going to help, plus I didn't have any medical insurance, so I hatched a plan for escape.  I sat up, even though I was still really numb from all this LSD coursing through my brain,  and pulled off all the little white electrode-doo hickies off of me and tried to bolt for the exit.  A nurse caught me as I was scurrying off and led me back to my bed. After an eternity (6 hours, in fact) I was released from the hospital.  I had to sign some form that said I had been on LSD so that I could be released.  All the doctor ever told me was that I was on LSD, of course I told him,  'NO shit!'.

My friend picked me up and took me back to his place where a couple of my other friends were.  (They were all on LSD too)  I stumble through the door and out of the darkness, my 'friend' jumped me with his hunting knife.  Trying to kill me because he was on a bad trip.  (His fiance' had broken up w/ him that night and he dropped 4 hits immediately afterwards,  which is stupid)  So he chased me around the house until he tripped and fell on the floor.  I grabbed the knife from him and hid it.  He started screaming for someone to kill him, and he was also screaming the name of his fiance' over and over again.  My friends tied him to a chair while I collapsed on the couch, while watching the ceiling crawl, trees grow up around me, and a panzer tank come rolling through the living room.  I couldn't fall asleep, and I still hurt.  So I started drinking Bacardi 151 to try and get myself drunk.  For awhile it didn't take any affect, and then all of a sudden, the acid wore down alot and I was immediately trashed.  The last thing I remember was my friend screaming his guts out while he was tied up in that chair......

we got 7 noise complaints that night from our land lady.

So, that was one of my nights while using LSD.  I laugh about it now, but I still have flaskbacks from it every once and awhile.