The day before, after realizing I have no pot I remembered the Yerba Mate tea my mother imports so I decided to experiment with the tea.  I put water for one tea cup [~250 ml] and let it boil slowly.  Usually a single packet of the tea works for normal tea.  At first I put in three packets, after 10 minutes put another three, and at last another three.  Nine packets in all.  [Erowid Note: Most yerba mate tea bags seem to be 2-3 grams each.]  After boiling for about 35 minutes, I took the packets out and put in a lot of honey because the taste was horrible (just like the one from weed, although it doestn't work cause THC doesn't dissolve well in water).  Fully prepared, the tea looked quite dark and there was a little sediment at the bottom of the cup, as I learned later.

I drank it slowly and after drinking half of the tea I was feeling normal but when I looked at something for some time I started feeling dizzy. After drinking the whole tea I felt quite strange.  I just layed down and let those 10 minutes of dizzyness pass.  Afterwards I was feeling mentally relaxed and physically with a lot of energy.  I enjoyed it.

I took the tea at 5 PM and was feeling the power of it until I went to bed.  Here are the amazing things: I stayed until 4 AM chatting with other herbalists and listening to hip-hop reggae :P  And just when my last friend left irc, I thought to myself 'I'm so full of energy that I could go out jogging'! that was 4 AM.  I've stayed up a lot of nights like that smoking pot but I've always felt sleepy.  The energy the 9 packets of Yerba Mate tea gave me was so fucking nice.  I really enjoyed it.  I expected I would not be able to sleep but sleep came really easily.

WOW!I woke up at 1 PM in a fucking trance. I couldnt remember why I felt like that but after some time I remembered that the whole time I was sleeping I was dreaming LOTS of dreams, most of them funny nightmares! I'm a really happy person and it was quite strange having dreams of this type.  In my dream I went to a doctor with my mum and he told me I'm really strange because I smoke too much weed. Another one I was in a foreign country with some friends from school and I start fighting in a funny way with two of them :)  I think i didn't stop dreaming all night ,and all those dreams were SO REAL that i would like doing it again.  But the stupid part is that I dont really know if it's healthy or not :]

I cannot be sure if all of those effects were from the tea, but I sure think Yerba Mate, as all things Mother Nature gave us, is quite worth trying.  Maybe with not such a big dose.  A friend of mine told me in the morning that that could have fucked my heart up, so be careful.