This experience happened to me about 2 months ago.

Let me give you the details of what happened before my experience...

I had just cleaned up my room (a hippie-ish room...door beads, blacklight posters, candles, beanbag chair, mushrooms posters, etc.) and was waiting for my friend M to come over that day, since he was bringing some of our favorite smoke... This REALLY potent shit called AZ (since it's from Arizona) and it's dripping with THC-goodness, this was some serious one-hit shit. 3 hits and I'm glued to my seat for a good 4 hours. And that's not all, I get this pulsating body feel to mne that's completely orgasmic and then I can barely walk and I get this awesome strobe-light-like effect too....it's great, very potent.

So, I plopped down on my bed and listened to some Hendrix until he got to my place at about 3.

We sat around and watched Cheech and Chong until about 6, when it started getting dark outside. So, I grabbed my bong, filled that baby and packed the bowl full of it. 

I popped Half-Baked into the DVD player, turned my blacklight on and started tokin it up. 

He went first, since it was his weed. He took 2 hits and passed it to me. While he coughed his brains out I took 3 hits for myself, after that I started hacking my brains out too. This pattern went on a couple more times until the bowl went empty, at which point I staggered across the room to fill it back up.

At this point M was baked to no end (he didn't have as much of a tolerance as I did) and he said I could smoke the rest, and so I did. All together I took about 20 hits total.

Now was the difficult part, cleaning up. 

I staggered about the room spraying lysol everywhere, on clothes, blankets...everything. I light a stick of inscence, took the blanket away from the door that I had put there earlier. Took some mints, opened my window, and rinsed the bong out and hid it back in its hiding place.

So, I sat down to half backed which my friend M had started over again since he missed it. We were watching it on surround sound which is very important to remember.

We got through about 10 minutes fine, nice feelings, could barely move, all that good stuff. That's when I noticed that my heart was racing, or so I thought. So, I went over to M and checked his pulse, he didn't have one that I could feel, and that freaked me out a bit, but not much.

So, I settled back down and got up to the part where Kenny gets arrested and there's a bunch of police sirens. Since it was on surround I could hear the sirens everywhere. I FLIPPED!!!!

I ran to my window to see if the cops were outside about to bust me for the pot! M started laughing at me and calling me a dick over and over and over.

I sat down, very scared, and even after the sirens were over in the film I still heard the sirens. And every now and then I'd hear the fuzz gettin on their speakers and saying something like 'come out...we have you surrounded.' So, I closed my window.

Now, M starts acting up. He gets up and prances about my room like he was possessed. Then he pulls out his pocket knife (which I didn't even knew he had on him) and started to act like he was on meth. Or something, swinging it about and coming inches from my face. So I grabbed it and put it in his shoes in the corner of the room.

Then he takes off his wallet chain and tries to strangle himself. At this point I realize that he's trying to act extra stoned so he can get attention, because he's like that.

So,I decide to go on the computer so I can have my friends mellow me out online. When, low and behold I find out this friend of mine that I had a thing for just got laid by some guy. I nearly hurled.

Then, my dealer came on the computer and I told him I was freaking out and asked him if he laced the weed, and he hadn't, he just said I took too much and was freakin out. Then he kept calling me names and I eventually started crying, right there in front of M. 

I felt sooo bad, I wanted to die. It was too much to handle while I was high.

Then M came out of it and started acting all like 'I can't remember a thing, I must have taken a lot'  to which I screamed at him that he only took 6, and I took 20 (I have NO clue how I remembered that at the time) and I asked him how I felt because he acted like a complete jerk cause you're not supposed to fuck up people's minds when they're spaced out and he did, at which point he sat down and mellowed out while I cried my brains out for a couple minutes.

He left shortly after that and I sat in my room FINALLY having a good time, since he was gone, I had just meditated and I didn't have to worry about anything any more. Plus, I was slowly coming out of it and I was feeling great.

The next day when M called to see if he could smoke the rest of what was left with me, I hung up on him. Our friendship is completely lost because he chose to mess with me while I was spaced out to infinity.

After that experience I've gotten high loads of times, all with positive results. Now, I take a max of 10 hits and don't overdo things too much.

Happy Trails!<!--I wouldn't tell people to stick clear of weed because you can wigg out pretty badly, but just watch out for your dose, setting, and people your with.-->