12:50AM
-------
        OK, so its actually the 18th now. So what. I haven't gone to sleep
yet, so its the 17th as far as I'm concerned. Anyway...
        I have 2.5 tablets of Propacet, each containing 50mg of 
dextropropoxyphene. They're the last of a batch of 8 of them that I was
given. I ingest all of them. I had smoked a little cannabis earlier, still
feel a lingering effect, but am close to baseline.

1:09AM
------
        I begin to feel a hint of opiate feel kicking in. I also seem to
be feeling random itches all over my body, but they are easy to ignore.
This is a typical opiate alert for me. I feel slightly warm, a little
'floaty,' and real calm. Not much else yet. Narcotics seem to take a long
time to take effect orally.

1:21AM
------
        The itching passed several minutes ago. But other than that, there
has been no change. I almost even feel closer to baseline than at my last
check-in. I'm yawning a little now though.

1:45AM
------
        Well, I definitely feel 'something' - basically the same as I have
been feeling, but its moved up a level of intensity. Its tempting at this
point to smoke some cannabis to bring on the effects. I'm holding off
though, so I can get a good description of an unclouded dextropropoxyphene
experience. But damn... this slow come on time is a negative in my
opinion. I would hate to have to wait this long if I were using it for
pain relief!

2:10AM
------
        T+1:20 and it still hasn't really kicked in yet. This is taking an
unusually long time. I haven't eatin in 11 hours or so, so my stomach
wasn't full. I feel slightly more than I did at last check-in. Same
effects again, just a little stronger. A kind of warm tingly sensation
diffused throughout my upper body and somewhat in my legs. A feeling of
calmness. Somewhat quieted thought processes. But I'm not yet feeling the
euphoria or the 'buzz' yet.

2:15AM
------
        As I typed that last paragraph, things did jump up a level. The
body tingles increased alot, and spread all over my body. There is some
tinnitus in my ears now. Every now and then I get random itches, which has
been going on since I felt the first hint of effects. I'm developing a
decent 'buzz' and some euphoric sensations now as well. 

2:30AM
------
        Things still seem to be building, but I'm at a pretty decent level
now. I feel typical opiate effects, though sort of mild. As I said,
narcotics are very different from other CNS depressants. Its hard to
compare this high to something like GHB or alcohol.
        I feel a little warm, its a pleasant warmth. My body feels a sort
of tingly, floaty sensation. I feel much lighter than usual. I don't feel
like moving around at all. I tried to lay down, though, and that wasn't
noticably more comfortable than sitting in my computer chair or standing.
It doesn't seem to matter what position I'm in, I'm equally comfortable.
Its a comfortableness that seems to come primarily from not caring about
things that might normally make me uncomfortable. My thought processes are
slow... I'm a verbal thinker, and the voice in my mind is much quieter
than normal. Its not that thought is impaired, I *can* think if I want
to... it just seems nicer to not think though. Opiates are a very
detatched high. You just want to float around feeling calm, not doing or
thinking. Its not that you feel unusually happy - you just feel mentally
relaxed and physically good. Personally I find it sort of boring, but I
can see how this state would appeal to alot of people, especially those
with escapist tendencies. Music is slightly enhanced. Orbital's 'Halcyon
On & On' sounds prettier than usual, and goes well with the floaty
sensations. Other minor effects... I have dry mouth, but its different
than cannabis 'cottonmouth.' I was pretty hungry before I took the pills.
The hunger vanished within a half hour or 45 minutes or so and hasn't
returned. The itching is still somewhat there, but its so easy to ignore
as to be a non-issue. Its concentrated on my scalp, face and arms now,
though, whereas earlier it was all over. My juice tastes bland.

2:50AM
------
        Its been 2 hours... peak plasma concentrations of
dextropropoxyphene are supposedly reached at 2-2.5 hours, and I do feel as
though I've gotten as far as I'm going to. There doesn't seem to be
anymore sensation of increase in the effects. I'm kind of bored of the
high already. Narcotics just don't do all that much for me on their own.
I've been wanting to smoke some cannabis, but haven't yet because I wanted
to write an accurate report of an unclouded narcotic high. I think I've
accomplished that.

3:00AM
------
        I smoke some cannabis. One hit from my glass pipe and I'm already
feeling much nicer. Yes, I think this is what was needed.

3:15AM
------
        The cannabis made a huge difference. I can feel the effects of
both blended into a fuller high than the dextropropoxyphene alone. The
cannabis also made me think more vocally again, and the combination makes
mellow music AMAZING! It is making me a little sleepy though. Neither drug
seems to dominate the high, its an even synergy, at least at these
dosages.

3:45AM
------
        I feel much the same as before, but the narcotic aspect of the
high is starting to taper off ever so slightly. I'm pretty tired and plan
to go to bed soon. This was interesting to actually document a narcotic
experience, but I've never really been a big fan of this class of drug.
I'd definitely do it again if I was given some more, although I'd combine
it right off with cannabis. Ah well...