I was at my parents' house for Thanksgiving. At breakfast, my parents have coffee. I asked my mother if she had any tea. She directed me to the jar in which she keeps 'tea' bags.

I sought tea with caffeine. Most of the tea bags contained herbal preparations without caffeine, decaffeinated tea, or tea with lemon flavoring (which I don't like). The most promising seemed to be the orange and green paper surrounding the only tea bag to which I didn't have objection. It was labelled in Spanish, 'Mate De Coca,' and English 'Coca Tea'.

I thought, 'This can't be coca leaf tea, here in my parents' house...but, maybe it is.' It was just so clearly labelled, but I was in disbelief. The description of the benefits, the 'selling points' of the tea, were delineated on the bag to include it being an aid to digestion, a restorative & energy-providing substance, and an aid to digestion. The brand was 'Delisse.'

While I knew that cocaine hydrochloride would be but weakly soluble in water, I remembered that people native to Peru (the country of origin of the company whose name was on the bag) chewed coca leaves, albeit with a base to which the cocaine could bind.

I let the 1-gram bag of apparent coca leaf steep for 4 minutes, then took a sip. It had a delicious, slightly nutty flavor. I really like it. It had a delicious, slightly nutty flavor. I really like it. I was instantly glad I'd not found regular tea, instead.

Within some few minutes of first starting to sip the piping hot tea, I felt a slight CNS stimulation akin to that which I would feel upon drinking caffeinated tea.

Upon steeping and drinking a second cup from the same (and only!) tea bag, I felt an increased stimulation that tilted towards the mental/physical energy of cocaine (though it's been years since my few experiences with coke) rather than the sometimes-jitters-inducing stimulation of a strong dose of caffeine.

As far as hot drinks, it immediately became my drink of choice.

I found that one is able to order this, albeit illegally, in this country, from online sources headquartered in Peru. I haven't ordered any, yet, because my wife and I are planning to have children - during which time substances like cocaine can be detrimental, if not teratogenic (even from the male's side) - I will, eventually, get some coca tea to enjoy.