I understand that it is far more precautionary to experience these things with a sitter of some sort. Unfortunately most of my friends dont accept the effects as I do. I dont want to dance all night or hug everyone in the neighborhood, nor do I anticipate sticking my head in a subwoofer and blast my head loose. Also I find glow sticks extremely annoying. But please dont get me wrong, I completely understand the desire for all these things, but they like all things are an acquired taste.My taste is to travel alone, or with small intimate company. I consider myself an artist among anything else, Also I have an undying love for the human mind, And of course anything that is metaphysical,and of High Spiritual Regard.                    

For the most part, I spend my time under the effects rifling through my mind, heart, and spirit. Analyzing my being, (both physical and spiritual) and its surroundings. Usually hours of Zen meditation, sometimes acupuncture. Its almost inevitable that astral travel occurs before the end of the trip.

I sat in my meditation room, meditating of course. After about an hour of dwelling my sub conscience, I released.I had purchased a 1/2 oz of mushrooms. The large cap was removed from the stem and cut into halves.At 6 pm I boiled some chamomile tea and rolled myself a nice joint. I ate the first half and washed it down with the warm tea. I sat and finished my smoke before  I ate the other half and sipped the rest of the serene drink. It wasnt long before the effects of the poison took stand. I believe it was the hot tea that induced a quick digestion. My skin felt as if it were rippling with my movement, and the visuals became very intense, A sudden aesthetic urge came over me and I bolted to my studio downstairs. Standing at the top of the stairs I closed my eyes, and envisioned vine work crawling down the staircase, I could smell the plant life and feel the moisture they gave off. When I opened my eyes, ironic as it seems it was all there , alive and flourishing. 

I followed them down to my studio. It was like walking into my head, my artwork strewn about, sketches and writings everywhere. I felt an extreme amount of accomplishment and fulfillment and it drove me to spend the rest of the evening there. It was around 9 pm when I was surprised by an amazing discovery. I was looking through my stash box for a pipe head when I stumbled upon 2 blue omega tablets from a party I had the previous month. I wish I was there to take a picture of my face when I made this find. As they lay in my palm they pulsated with life. I sat down in the middle of my world, and unhesitant devoured both tablets. The colors were spilling from the walls which seemed to breathe in sync with my own breath. The structure of my flesh became very apparent to me, staring into the deep palms of my hands, I found myself completely lost within my own existence. 

Not realizing it, another hour and a half went by. Out of nowhere the sudden wave of clarity came to me, splashing over the confusion of colors and textures. I could feel my bronchial passages opening, my skin crawling with energy. The rolls have now begun their ascension into my mind. I stood up and spun around quickly, allowing my body to feel the air in the room, it was if I were standing at the basin of a waterfall. I floated over to my stereo and popped in my TOOL cd. The music filled the room and my body with vibrations. I lit a few candles and a few sticks of Nag Chambpa, put some vicks war paint on under my eyes. I sat down on a pile of floor pillows and meditated.

Every breath I took was like rebirth, each with a heightened sense of experienced understanding. I began asking myself random questions of my existence and my environment. Through the thick stimulating smoke, the answers came as easy as the breeze to me. I noted it all down so I could share it with someone who had the same inquisitions. Once the pen had hit the paper, it never left. There were moments where I was unsure of myself about what the next line would contain. But as soon as doubt entered my thought, it was just as soon vanquished.

Between lines, bong hits, and side notes, I stopped to look at myself in the mirror in front of me. Examining my flesh, how it fit to my body. Staring deep into my own eyes, my skin became more transparent and my nervous systems and tissue structures began to show through. I could feel the warmth of my blood, and the strong, undying beat of my heart. I felt as if my intellect was imploding. There wasnt a question that I asked myself that I couldnt prepare a rational and dignified answer for. I studied myself from deep in my bones, and out to the spiritual out linings of my body surface. For 12 beautiful, endless hours I sat and explained myself to myself.