I am not someone who has much experience with K outside of using it recreationally at a few parties, taking small bumps occasionally, however, I recently had an experience that made me realise the potential for this substance.

I had a small vial that was left over from the precious weekend and it was about 1/2 full. I decided to ingest it nasally and see what it would be like in my home, alone, with no sound, and with my body lying flat on my bed.

I first noticed the usual slight dizzy feeling, followed by the awful taste and slight burn of the K hitting or dripping to the back of my throat (yuk). I had a chewable vitamin C handy to take this away as soon as it hit.

After about 15 minutes, I felt that electricity feeling wash over my entire body, and the weird hum fill my ears. Right at this moment, any bodily discomforts simply vanish and I suddenly felt very comfortable (well actually, I felt nothing of my body). I closed my eyes, and went with it. The weirdest thing happened next. I realised I had visited this place I was now in and that I was not alone. I had actual memories of being here before! I am lying on some sort of table and everything I have ever experienced in my life has been a test by a higher intelligence of some sort, one that me, and every other conscious being in the Universe is a part of. Exactly like the "shadows on a cave wall" that Plato wrote about many years ago! I have been in this human form but there is more to reality than I could ever understand in that state. I tried desperalty to get off "the table" and to join the others around me that had made the leap in this consciousness evolution phase we are all destined for, but it was not my time. Why not I demanded. I wanted to "wake up" to this newer enlightened state right then, but could not.

I was then aware of my body (sort of) but more specifically my brain. This is hard to describe, but I felt like my Brain had unfolded from its many loops and squiggles and was standing up straight and full of electricity. Almost like I was actually stretching the ability of this organ to understand the next phase of our evolution. It was incredible! I could "see" every molecule in the universe and could sense how I should be able to re-arrange everything as I wanted – shaping my reality, in an endless way for all eternity. It was almost like someone or something was explaining this to me – but at the same time it was myself as well.

I think I may have actually said "There is God" out loud, because I thing I heard the words, right as my consciousness came back to my room and into my body in a rapid but steady and quite unscary way. I felt this sense of importance that I needed to say that to remind myself of what I had discovered. Not a God like the Christian sense, but that we are all a part of a God like state.

It was so weird. Amazing and very hard to explain. Maybe death is the way we pass into this state, and the K allowed me to glimpse it briefly. I have never had such a psychedelic experience (I hate acid or shrooms) and probably will never again.