It was an awkward night to begin with.  I started by taking the MDMA with my boyfriend and some friends of his from high school, including his most recent ex-girlfriend, whom I had just met.  The night went on pretty uneventfully, and the only hitches were a few mix-ups of mine and said ex-girlfriends names.  Five hours later, as usual for me being a non-pot-smoker in a crowd of pot-smokers, I was the last one awake.

I had my 5MeO-DMT with me, and thought that would be a nice way to amuse myself and lay down and hopefully fall asleep afterwards.  I've done a fair amount of 5meo nasally (including using it with MDMA), and thought nothing of cutting out two small lines measured by eye, even though I was still a little high and overtired.

I climbed up the ladder into the loft bed after snorting the lines and put on my headphones.  I had the usual throbbing roof of my mouth feeling that I get with insuffulated 5meo, but almost immediately, could feel the powder still going down my throat every time I breathed in through my nose.  My head started pounding and my body started to feel unusually tense, instead of pleasantly buzzed, and I thought it would probably be a good idea to blow my nose.

Oh that's right.  I climbed up a ladder.

At this point my perception is completely blown, so I very very slowly climbed down the ladder, and made my way to the bathroom.  After blowing my nose, I could still feel the powder going down my throat, so I ran the faucet and rinsed out my nose.  My stomach started to cramp violently, and my heart rate picked up significantly.  After a few seconds of the cramping, it took all my strength to keep myself sitting upright, and I held on to the sink.  After a few minutes, I started to worry that I was in danger of dehydrating, and started drinking water from the sink.  For a moment when my heart was really pounding and I couldn't see straight, I thought it would be kind of grotesquely funny if I died on the toilet like Elvis, but then I thought, no, that's really not very funny at all.  So I kept drinking water.

When I started having more cohesive thoughts again, I worried that I may have done permanent damage to my stomach.  I was still very weak, and could barely sit up.  I waited for my vision to clear a bit more before getting into the shower to clean myself up.  The shower helped significantly, and I continued to drink from the shower while I was in there, particularly whenever I felt dizzy.

When I finally came out of the bathroom a few hours later, the ex-girlfriend was awake, and went out for coffee with me and listened to my life story.

A few days later I weighed the remainder of what had been about 200mg of 5meoDMT to find roughly 150.  

I didn't touch 5meo for another 6 months after that.  I still find it very enjoyable, particularly with sex, but treat it with the respect it deserves in terms of dosage.