It was late April, 2001.  My friends (we will call them S, P, and C) had planned on getting some LSD and having a day of plain out fun.  I had stayed the night at P's the night before and in the morning S and C were going to come over and then we would get our 'candy' and wander around town all day.  We waited for a while before the suppliers actually got there, but they finally did and we got out or hits and each took them.  I hadn't done LSD in about 2 years so I had pretty much forgotten what it was like.  About 45 minutes after we had dropped I started to get a feeling in my chest as if I could actually feel all the blood actually circulating through me.  It was such a beautiful spring day. At one point about an hour and 1/2 after the drop C came up to me and told me to watch his finger, he waved his finger in front of my face and I suddenly saw a thousand more fingers pass by me.  I was amazed at what this drug could do to me. 

After about 3 hours I hadn't even reached my peak yet, and I had to head home so that my dad could take me to baseball practice, my friends and I had planned on us all riding up to the park together.  But when my dad pulled up he was in quite a bad mood, and he was yelling at me for being in the sun too long, for I get heat exhaustion very easily.  I had walked inside from my front porch for just a second, and when I walked back out my friends were gone, I looked down the street and my friends were walking away. I yelled to them and they said they would meet me at the the park.  Practice was a scary thing to deal with, I am the best player on the team and I was playing center field, and when a ball was hit to me it looked like the sun was falling from the sky and my job was to catch it and throw it back up there.  I don't recall much of this practice but C had told me that I was playing fantastic, that I was making diving catches and hitting home runs.  By the time my dad had gotten there to pick my brother and I up I was at the peak of my trip.  I had told him that I wanted to stay and hangout with my friends, and he agreed.  So my friends and I left, and I still had my baseball cleats on.  We went to a local beverage store and bought some orange juice. 

While I was at practice my friends had seen a fight involving someone I know and he was getting punched in the head while he was driving the car.  Apparently the fight happened because my best friends S and her friends got in a fight with the guys granddaughter.  After stopping at P's house for a minute, we started off walking again.  We ended up calling some drug dealer knows an J and buying a dime.  We walked down some street, now about 9:00 p.m. which it was dark out.  We were walking down the street that lead towards a street that led to a graveyard.  We finally got the bowl to light and we walked right up on a fence, we had to hop the fence in order to get into the graveyard, S, C and I had no trouble hopping the fence, but P's chain got caught on top of the fence, and it took a while to get him undone.  By the time we had worked our way to a pretty nice spot in the graveyard, and we smoked the rest of out pot.

The pot revised the LSD a bit and we just lay there staring at the stars.  After about an hour of smoking and staring at the stars it was about 10:30 and we all had to be heading home.  When P and C departed S and I walked towards his house, I thanked S for this was the 'Best day of my Life' he was glad and I was glad he had a good time too.  I walked home and stared at a doll of my mom's, it seemed to be looking at me in an odd way, and it looked as if it were mouthing something while colors danced around it.  I waved my hand in front of my face a lot watching the trails as they passed by.  I lit a stog and was amazed by the way the smoke came out of my mouth.  As I closed my eyes still very much awake I could see every color just dancing in fromt of me.  As the night slowly faded and the trip started to some down, I realized as I said before that this truly was the best day of my life.