Mindset & Setting: Very excited about trying Salvia for the first time seeing as how I have waited over 4 years to try and mentally prepare myself (which I was not).

Preparations: Trip Sitter (my aunt), low lights, Cypress Hill, My girlfriend, my aunts dog (very relaxing), pillows (and lots of them, falling on my face hurts a lot less if there are pillows)

Dosage: 1 Bowl of Salvia extract 20x

Other Medication: Protonix (But I don't think that matters)

1:30 p.m.: Visit my favorite head shop and go to purchase my supply.

2:00 p.m.: Arrive at my point of earthly departure (my aunt's house). I took out my bag and showed her what I had purchased, she reacted with pure intrigue and excitement (she had never heard of salvia yet back in the 70's she was an acid binger) I load a bowl and pull out my torch lighter (seeing as how salvia needs high temperatures to thrive) I take one small hit and hold to try and get an initial feeling of what it may be like.

All of a sudden I feel a tingly numbness, a feeling almost identical to pot (which surprised me). All of a sudden colors became vivid and dimensions vaguely shifted from one form to another. This was honestly nothing intense yet, but it was exciting. My aunt who was at first nervous about trying it, suddenly lit up with excitement describing to me that my feelings sounded just like LSD (which at low doses seem to be similar to low doses of acid). We both eagerly sat down to take some more.

She took a small hit to test the feelings, I sat back in the couch ready to take my journey. I cleared my head of all worries and problems. I take one deep draw and hold for as long as I can, The feelings begin to creep up on me again, however, this time the feelings begin to compound themselves, I tell my aunt that I am feeling VERY messed up, and then I tell her again, and again, and again, I am caught in a repetitive loop and I can't stop, all of a sudden, I am in a hole and I can't move, I want to move but I can't.

Now, I know that my title may seem like an error in grammar but let me explain in the best way that I can, I didn't know what or who I was, I could not grasp the concept of reality. I can not stress this point enough, I didn't know what I was or that I even existed, all that remained was my mind and my thoughts. 

I began to more intensely think that I was in a deep dark hole, at this point I still could not move. Now this feeling (seeing as how I have never felt this before) was to an extent scary and it began to worry me and I began to feel afraid. 

Then, like a heavenly light, I saw my aunt, but only her, standing atop this hole that I had seemingly fallen into. And she said something that brought me back to reality: 'This is an incredible drug.' That is when I realized that this was just a drug, and that humans use drugs, which led me to the realization that I was a human, until this point I had forgotten that I was human, I felt more like a spirit. I slowly started to remember all of the things that I had forgotten. I saw my aunts dog sitting next to me and it felt as though she was communicating to me through her eyes telling me that it would be okay and that the experience was something to be enjoyed (ever since this I have felt spiritually connected to her.) 

I started to come down from the experience going in and out of my dream state and feeling surprisingly numb, I decided that the journey that I had just taken was more than just a high or even a trip, it was an enlightenment.

Even though I was not prepared for the experiance, I enjoyed it supremely. Even after 4 years of waiting and research I was not prepared.