this was my first experience with any psychedelic, although I have been reading about them for a couple of years.  I was about to obtain my first mushrooms when a certain plant crossed my path.  I was staying the week with my friends at their apartment in southern california and we had been smoking pot for a few days straight when one of their friends offered us a chance to try salvia.  I jumped at the chance.
  
He filled the bowl of the bong about 3/4 of the way and instructed me to take it all in one hit and hold it until for at least 30 seconds.  I did as I was told and felt nothing until the moment I exhaled.  I was sitting in a cushoined bowl-shaped chair as  I took the hit, I then melted through the back of the chair and my ego and senses were shattered.  there were no visuals at this point, in fact I could see nothing.  my senses were not reaching me whatsoever, I had completely left my body and could not remember ever having one.  

I was existing as an entirely non-physical conciousness and this was too powerful for my mind to cope with.  I became very afraid in a sort of detached way.  I suddenly became aware of stars and churning balls of light floating amidst the empty vaccuum I was in.  slowly I could feel myself being pulled downward by some force.  I could then feel myself existing as the entire planet.  I was aware of my entire 'body' (the earth) the way that we are aware of our bodies during waking life.  I could sense everything on my surface and was aware of every action being performed all at once.  once again my mind could not stand to process that kind of information, I became alarmed and still had no idea that I was a human that had consumed a drug.  
     
Slowly my ego shrank again and I became the house that I was in.  at this point I had been helped into the living room by someone.  I was aware of my body being the house, and I could feel everyone in it walking on me.  after this I saw myself sitting on the couch, but could not recognize the figure as myself.  It appeared to be a giant stone building in an odd shape covered in tyedye (my shirt).  eventually I went back into my body but still had one foot in the salvia world, so I was unable to speak to the people around me.  once I fully realized what had been happening and where I was, I was overjoyed that I and everything else was once again existing.  over the next half hour I slowly reintegrated into my body and tried to explain what had happened to me.  
     
This was the most tremendous and transcendent thing that has ever happened to me,  I still cannot fully remember or understand what happened so I hope to explore the salvia space more in the future to gain an understanding of the drug.