[Erowid Note: 
Most Coricidin contains CPM (Chlorpheniramine Maleate) which can be dangerous in high doses. See <a href='/chemicals/dxm/dxm_info2.shtml'>DXM Brand Warnings for more info.]  

I heard quite a bit about Coricidin and became interested.  So last weekend one of my roommates and I headed to the local drug store and picked up a box each.  I knew it could make me sick so I took 12 initially, 2 more a half hour later, and the final 2 when I first started to feel the effects, hoping that this would put off unpleasant side effects. It is hard to recall everything from the experience but some visuals are still clear as day to me.  It's cool because when I was tripping I silently told myself 'OK, remember this for later review.'

One of the more interesting tangents that I went off on was that I needed to find out the answers to the universe somehow.  When this thought came to me, I closed my eyes and saw something that can be described as a cerebrum with a nervous chord attached, suspended in space.  It's hard to say why, but it felt as if it was my soul.  I was fixated on this image as my perception rotated continually around it in a horizontal pattern.  Beyond the 'soul' was what appeared to be space complete with stars.  Stars also surrounded the 'soul' at different distances between it and my viewing position in space.  I was constantly rotating around the whatever-you-call-it, so it looked really cool.

This vision provoked extreme religious feelings and questions such as; 'What is consciousness?  Is there truly a third eye? If so, am I viewing what it physically looks like now?' and so on.  I was in total awe because I was exploring something that seemed cosmically religious, something totally above and beyond me.  It also was fun because it felt like flying through space at an extremely fast velocity in order to achieve the rotation.  It was something like what you get sitting in an aircraft when it takes off.  Only the feeling I had was constant, my body didn't get used to the speed as it would on an aircraft.  A lot of other different experiences went down as well that I just can't remember.  There is one other that is worth mentioning that I did remember.

Occasionally I would remember that I was still sitting in front of my computer listening to music.  It was weird because I could watch myself sitting there from different positions in my room.  This gave intense feelings of joy, simply because I was able to view myself in the third person.  I tried moving some and watched myself move in that damned third person, I didn't 'feel' myself move.  This blew my mind. Totally intensified those thoughts of what is true and what is not, what kind of new dimensions are waiting to be explored, etc.  I also remember wanting to know what God's thoughts were and I spent a good amount of time trying to find out.

After a few hours of solving enigmas and then promptly forgetting them, I went into the living room and spent the rest of the night with my roommate who had taken the Coricidin with me.  We talked about topics and ideas that would only come up in our state of mind.  Coricidin was a very good experience for me.  I think about things much differently now.