It all started on a Friday afternoon after school got out. I had sold drugs for a while but never really tried any of them except for bud. So I thought I would try LSD because the guy that I get them from says that they are really good. So I am talking to my friend, JM. I asked him if he wanted to trip with me. He wasn't sure at first but about 10 minutes later he came around to it. So I decided I would spend the night at his house since his is more secluded. 

I am at JM's house at about 10.30; we are pretty much just waiting for JM's parents to go to bed. When they did, we took two doses each. We kept the two doses in our mouths and just sucked on them until they were gone. Nothing really happened until about 35 minutes later. I got somewhat dizzy and JM said he was seeing tracers when he would wave his hand back and forth. We were thinking 'damn this is pretty bad!' 

Later we decided to go for a walk, because it was one of those nights when it was fairly foggy outside and you couldn't see that well. Before we left though, JM looked out the window and he yelled 'shit there are wolves out there!'  So he decided to take these scissors to protect us. So he grabs the scissors and we take off outside. We are just walking down the street outside and I am a little behind JM because I am kinda scared. I was fairly white too. Once we got down the street I was thinking this wasn't the best idea- I was hearing shit and seeing things so I thought we should go back home. So I tap JM on the side and he flys around and almost stabs me with the scissors. Luckly I was to the side of him or I would have been stabbed in the stomach. He did it because he thought I was a wolf. 

So we made it back to JM's house and we are pretty much just sitting there talking to each other and listening to paul okenfield. By then I was at the peak of my trip. As I am sitting there it seems like I have left my body and am watching my self talk to JM. I guess I couldn't control the volume of my voice because it seemed as I was watching this 'movie,' I seemed to be getting louder and louder! By this time I was somewhat coming down from my trip. Before we took the doses we had pizza for dinner. So after we went and got the leftover slices. Everyone says LSD enhances your senses but as I was eating the pizza I couldn't taste anything on it. I could only feel it being chewed up in my mouth. 

By this time I was tired, so I laid on the bed. I tried to close my eyes, but they would just open back up. It was like I would control them. Finally about 5.30 in the morning I finally was asleep out of total fatigue. Altogether I would not recommend it. It is dangerous because it seems not real and you feel like you can not be hurt.