It was about 11:00 p.m.  I'd been watching a Bowie Marathon, and I though it would be fun to have a little trip.  Being incredible broke, I found some prescription sleeping pills and some No doz...yay.
This was the first time doing it in my own house...but what the hell right?  I washed all 15 pills (3 different breands, it seems to work better when I mix it up) down with some red wine.

I have a habit of writing down my trips...but I usually can't read them...so I'll do the best I can here to translate my stoner-glyphics. I was watcing 'The Man Who Fell to Earth' when they kicked in...it's a little like I was drunk at first.  I hadn't had but a few sips of the alcohol yet, and I know from other times...it wasn't the wine.  I was writing on a hot pink piece of paper...but it seemed to keep changing colors.  I dedided in the end it was both pink and orange. After awhile I went to my room and finished off 1/3 bottle of wine. I put on some music...I don't remember what and I can't read...I'm guessing Union Undrground though..'Trip with Jeseus.'

After a while, probably a half hour or so I went to get up..and I shit you not, I swear my chair attacked me.  It was moving on its own.  I know because I couldn't walk at the time, and I couldn't even remember 5 minutes ago, but everything felt like dejavou. I thought I had more pills lying around, but I couldn't find them...oh, I guess I took them.  I'm alone...but someone's talking to me...I know who...extreme paranoia sometimes hits me with these trips.  I think the clothes in my closet are watching me.  Damn feather boa.

Later, I'm kind of dizzy, I think I'm on a boat.  I think...I'm still not shitting you...Bert and Ernie of Sesame Street were attacking me, so I sank the boat and killed them. It's around 2 or 2:30 now, but I have no sense of time and all the energy in the world.

Here's the best part...I wish I could remember it better.  I'm sitting in my chair...listening to Jimi Hendrix now, and...there he is.  Yes, Jimi Hendrix is going to smoke a bowl with me in my room.  He leaves at 3:03 or so. I'm paranoid again, and I have so much energy.  It's about 3:45 and I can't sit still for the life of me...I actually stumble about trying to clean my room.  But...alas I fall on the floor and give up.  I'm seeing shit, I don't know what...but there's things going on that aren't normal.
Finally at around 4:45 a.m. I fink my bed and try to sleep some of this off.  I have school tomorrow ha ha.  But, there's animals all around me and I think my ceiling fan has turned into a giant drill.

The next morning I wake up...these trips leave one extremely tired.  I sleep on the way to school and all day in school.  I even fell out of my desk in first period...got a good laugh, especially for those who know what it's like.  All in all I slept about 36 hours after the trip.