Saturday, February 8, 2003

21:35

Substance: 5-MeO-DMT

Dose: unknown

Set: Life is generally good. We are starting the commune in a few months! I have been weight-lifting and getting into better shape recently. At this time I am taking daily multi-vitamins, b-12 supplements (I'm almost vegan), yohimbe extract, ginkgo biloba and Depakote (valproic acid).

Setting: I am home, in my messy bedroom, with my girlfriend S and best friend R. I have cleared the bed of everything as my trip space. I have elected to not have any music playing and have candles going to barely light the room after R turns the over head light off. I have heated the room up nicely as I am naked and tryptamines tend to make me feel cold even clothed.

Report: [T -3:00] I smoke some chunk hash. I am very stoned at this point, but by T +0:00 I just feel like I smoked a bowl of regular cannabis.

[T +0:00] I tried something different. Since I've had difficulty fully penetrating into the 5-MeO-DMT space with just vaporizing it I decided to try an intramuscular (IM) injection. So, we prepared the sterile needle using distilled water and the substance, prepared the injection site and needle with alcohol and shot it into me. 

[T +0:05] I laid there for about 5-6 minutes and just barely felt it. Some light vibration in my body, very slight euphoria and that peculiar feeling I get in my teeth. I'm not sure exactly what the time frame for IM 5-MeO-DMT is, as I couldn't really find any information on it and so maybe I should have waited a little longer but I just had an intuition that if I smoked some then I would definitely leave this reality for the other reality. 

I was right. 

I can't really describe the trip too much, it was such a blur. I remember just like a 'white out' for about 5 seconds (which goodygrrl later said was about 3-5 minutes). 

[T +0:10?]Then at one instant I opened my eyes and this reality existed again, although I was still tripping unbelievably hard. It was like coming out of warp speed to impulse power. And of course as soon as this happened my analytical mind turned on and started trying to bring it back, which I should know better than by now. I remember standing up, with much difficulty, and propping myself up in the corner. I was trying to pay attention to what was happening, but I couldn't concentrate and it was going by so incredibly fast. I didn't know my brain could GO that fast. As I started coming down I tried to verbalize, but it was hard. It was quite nice to come back to two of my favorite people in the world though =). 

[T +0:13?] After a couple minutes of gesticulation and confusion I came down enough to make sensible faces to my companions and soon after start talking to them. I continued coming down for probably another 20-30 minutes, with another 30 minutes or so of after effects. While I was coming down my mind was still racing, in a bit of a generic "trippy" space with tracers and impaired motor coordination. R and I tossed S's juggling balls for a bit. This was hard when I was "watching" the ball come in because I would space out and forget to move my hand. When I tried to get into "Zen" mode and not think about catching it I did much better, it just happened naturally.

[T +1:00] Afterwards they told me that I talked some while I was tripping, as well as making noises and kicking some. I don't remember this part. Xanthan had put some more 5-MeO-DMT in the vaporizer before he brought it over to me to smoke and he managed to vaporize everything in the bowl! I think part of my not remembering stems from too high of a dose, but we are getting better at finding what works for me. I know soon we'll much better able to get me the right dosage for the exploration I want to do. However, this trip was incredible and ineffable. I am simply in awe. This experience was unlike anything else I've ever experienced, including other drug induced states.

I think next time I will probably try IM + vaporizing again, but with a smaller vaporized dose. I hope this will allow me to reach that space again, but at a dose where I can remember more of it. Like I said, I only remember the peak as 5 seconds long, which is odd because with tryptamines I usually get time dilation, not time compression. I remember most of the come down however. 'What a long, strange trip it's been.' 

Peace.