It's a saturday night, around 10 PM and me and 2 of my friends, E and A were out looking for something to do. We decided to go to our friend T's house to buy some mushrooms from his brother as we have done on several occasions. When we got there we bought 2 1/8s of mushrooms that had been chopped up and put into a chocolate bar. I had split the 1/8th for myself and E. After about 15-20 minutes I had started feeling the effects of the mushrooms come over me and I thought that it was kind of strange that I was already feeling the effects because it usually takes about 45 minutes. I think it came over me so quickly because I had eaten little to nothing over the course of the day and the day before. 

Soon after A returned we went up stairs of T's house so that we could smoke some cannabis and we proceeded to smoke 2 bowls. After the bowls and a little bit of talking we decided to leave because E had to go home and by this time I was starting to trip my nuts off. As soon as we stepped outside of T's house I began to feel sort of sick and a sense of fear washed over me, I think this may have been the burden of E possibly getting in trouble because he was going home to his parents and I knew they were going to interrogate him as to where he was and what he had done tonight. But anyway, after I started feeling scared I began to run to A's car because I was feeling very very cold and I was shivering a little bit. I reached A's car, got in, and I began to feel a little bit better being in the shelter of his car.

As we were driving away there were cops on the prowl everywhere and paranoia was taking me over. E had to stop at a gas station to get something for his breath because of the cannabis scent on his breath so we pulled into one and there was a cop there so I got very scared and wanted to leave but A and E were not scared in the least. E ran up to the door and unfortunetly they were closed so we left. I still felt pretty crappy and I remember thinking 'Am I gonna die', 'Did I recieve some poisonous mushrooms?' but soon after I expelled those thoughts out of my brain and relaxed. We went to another gas station and then dropped E off at home and after that all seemed to feel well. The car ride back to A's house seemed to take forever but it also seemed as if we were going super fast in the car but we were really only going 5 over the speed limit.

I had absolutly no comedown effects, I went from tripping balls to absolutely nothing at all. I was kind of mythed after this so I checked out the time and it was only 12:30 AM and I had ingested the mushrooms around 10 PM. I have no idea why my trip was cut short but while I was tripping it was the strongest and hardest trip i've ever had and the only time i've seen any visuals in my 5-6 times on mushrooms.