[Erowid Note: 
The doses described in this report are potentially life threatening. The amount taken is beyond a heavy dose and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Doses such as this have been known to cause hospitalizations and/or deaths. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.]

First I've ingested over 2 thousand 20 mg adderall this year, and done alot of crack  but  my story starts a few months ago, here it is--

It might be hard to imagine; but I cooked and smoked at least 26 grams of crack (11- 8 balls?) In  3 days. Of course,  a  friend and her husband helped. The first day, it was Scar Face heaven. Than for me, The fun ended after about 200 hits- ( my hits were 20s and 30s a few 40s managed to squeeze into the glass pipe)  Yes the pipes were geeked -  Can anyone say, 'Cancer inducing  brown oil ' saton himself would be scared of? (Of course we changed the copper) But at the rate we were smoking we were burnin chor left and right)

On the 2nd day-  I couldnt get high anymore-- wait; hold up! Ill recall.
I'm  smoking crack, supposedly the dangerous,  strongest drug on earth, and the high I'm  chasing -- is gone?? 
I've gone Mad! Have I become Immune to crack?!  How  is this Possible? Since the only next best thing is shooting crack,
I went ahead and fixed the rig- Praying to god  id get a decent buzz AT least. So, I stuck a 30rock in the spoon; crushed the rock in some vinager and shot that mother. To my complete suprise I felt NOTHING!!!! Adding to the torture , all that happened was numbness in the back of my head,while every one around me is saying- wow thats good crack , I'm so high, can I get another??

I gave up, I quit. I learned that on my level of addiction I dont need to smoke anymore.<!--If you get to this point, GO HOME. WASH YOUR ASS
 EAT FOOD -ITS GOOD FOR YOU.   
DONT WORRY ABOUT REHAB THEY CANT HELP YOU AT THIS POINT. 
GOING  TO CHURCH  IS A GOOD IDEA BECAUSE 
EVEN GOD WONDERS WHATS WRONG WITH YOU--->