I had been experimenting with salvia for quite some time, but was frustrated with the fact that a 5 x extract costs so much, so I decided to give the dry leaves a try, which are sold at my local smoke shop for really cheap.  The guy behind the counter told me that the 'regular' leaf wouldn't yield a complete experience, but I wanted to try them out anyway so I bought them.  I tried smoking the leaves using a regular lighter and a tiny little water pipe and attained moderately powerful effects, which by salvia standards is absolutely mind-blowing.  Each time I smoked I entered a completely strange and fantastic dimension (with eyes closed) that involved intense, flowing visuals and powerful emotions, but I never felt like I had 'broken through.'  I was thinking about what was preventing me from doing so and realized that the problem lay in my smoking technique.  Sure, I held the lighter over the bowl the whole time, took huge hits and held them in for 15-20 seconds, but often I could feel the trip rapidly escalating and taking over my body while I was holding in the first hit or in the middle of taking the second one.  I would feel the urge to just put the bowl down and enjoy what was about to happen.  So, I decided that I would fight this urge and attempt a third hit to put me over the top.  Let me tell you, this worked wonders and helped me attain an absolutely amazing breakthrough experience.
     
I smoked the first hit and started feeling it-a vibration accompanied with a feeling of being sucked into a different dimension.  I took the second and realized that I was in for a wild ride if I managed to take a third...but the bowl was empty!! I had burned through the whole thing.  I frantically tried to pack the bowl with some fresh leaves that were laying nearby while I held in my second hit, and this is when things went totally trippy.  This is very hard to describe, but the table that I had placed the extra leaves on 'became' a being in itself-it was alive, and had a mind of its own.  I watched in disbelief as it literally 'fought' with my bowl (which had also become a thinking entity) over whether or not I would be allowed to take a third hit.  It should be noted here that the table was morphing into different shapes and patterns at the time, and resembled a creature of mythical proportions, however this was trivial in comparison to the mere fact that it now was a living being, with a personality.  I felt as though I had known this table (creature) my whole life.  I expected him to react in such a way, he never wanted me to have fun .I suddenly snapped back into a more realistic state of mind and realized that I had to take the third hit and step it up a notch.  I shakily burned the new leaves in the pipe and then set it down, victorious.  My pipe and I had triumphed over the old legendary table, so I closed my eyes, sat back in my chair, and entered that familiar realm of transdimensional travel that I had come to love so much.  
     
Immediately I was overwhelmed with visuals; red, white, greenish lightning bolts swirled into absolutely intricate patterns, and somehow these patterns were or alluded to individual family members.  Not real family members-these were fantastical beings.  I had a brother, a sister, a mother, all of which I felt that I had known my entire life.  My mother was a black hole that sucked all of the energy around her into her direct center.  She was scolding me, 'why didn't you listen to your father?!'  This is when I realized that the table was my father, the voice of reason in my life.  I tried to escape, all I had to do was open my eyes.  But I couldn't.  She was there, blocking me.  'Don't you dare open your eyes!  See what happens if you do!'  The black hole sent out horizontal stitches to lock my eyes shut, but I was determined...I thrust my eyes open and was free.
     
After opening my eyes I saw the closed eye patterns evident in every being in the real world-trees, chairs, doors, they were all reminiscent of salvia land.  I shakily walked outside and felt as if I were vibrating in unison with the outside world.  This feeling slowly faded over the next 5 or 10 minutes, when I decided that I had to share my experience with others.  Salvia is not something to be taken lightly.  It has a lot of intense insight to offer, and can easily take you into a completely different world.  My only disappointment with the drug is that it seems incredibly intense and life-changing during the experience, but in retrospect is difficult if not impossible to recall exactly how it felt, thus making it seem less significant than it is.  Happy journeys.