A friend of mine had recently come upon a curious substance called 5-MeO-AMT that I thought would be pretty fun to try. This may have been  the worst decision I have ever made. 

When I arrived at his place he had the 5-MeO-AMT ready to be dropped, so I relaxed, cleared my head and prepared to enter another realm.

I took 5mg at about 7 pm. I began to feel tense at about the  45 minute mark, along with giddiness and that 'something is about to happen' feeling. I sat and watched TV for about 2 hours and actually thought of taking more, but decided against it and tried to be patient. This may have been the BEST decision I've ever made, for reasons that will become aparent. My stomach was turning over and over, so I ate some regular-strength rolaids and that seemed to take care of it for about 5 minutes.  I ate another 2 then and figured I would stop taking them after that as they only made the nausia subside for about 5 minutes and my stomach hurt enough that even eating rolaids was difficult for a moment. about 9 my friends and I went outside to smoke 2 joints.  This is when my 5-MeO-AMT truly kicked in.  I began to feel exactly as LSD makes me feel, and was quite happy.  I sat and laughed for about 3 hours before my girlfriend finally got back in town from a business trip and picked me up around midnight.I was still feeling very euphoric, very happy I had found a new chemical to trip with. 

When we got home, we watched a movie, and at about 2:30 when it was over my mind starting racing with terrible images of overdoses and deaths and comas that would not go away. This is where the fun ended.  To say the next few hours were hell does not come close. at about 3 I had to call my best friend to come over and talk me down. He did not have a ride but being able to tell my fragile state of mind annoyed his way into one, for which I will be eternally grateful.  I truly felt like total crap at this point.  I was truly freaking out on the idea of having harmed myself seriously.  It took my friend awhile to come over, during which time I called my sister and proceeded to make a total ass of myself and I broke down into tears and lost total mental control.  My mind was racing with terrible images of death and pain and I was sobbing uncontrollably.  I thought for sure I had done myself in and swore off all drugs at that point.I got off the phone with my very patient sister at about 3:45 when my friend arrived.  He knew I was VERY experienced with pyschedelics and understood for me to get to the point of uncontrollable crying would take something very severe.  

He immediately embraced me and talked me down from there.  What he said I don't exactly remember, but he was very soothing and his voice and occasional hugging let me know I would be ok.  From there I experienced extreme nausea and throbbing temples continuing through 7:45 am, the point I am writing this. In the past 2 hours I have examined my life and decided that the current lifestlye of substance abuse must end.  I have truly been scared sober.  I still feel like shit and am probably going to for another 6 hours at least.  My head is still pound horribly, and my stomach has felt like it's tied in knots for the past 2 hours.  

I am writing this urging people to stay away from this chemical.  It is very similar to LSD at the beginning but towards the end all hell broke loose.  I know from experience that some people will read this and still dose themselves.  That is their business. All I am asking of those who read is to think long and hard before trying this stuff.  It is not a drug to be taken lightly.

NOTE: I continue to smoke cannabis but am done with psychedelics for good..  This is not coming from a casual user but from a former self-professed 'pyschonaut/druggie'.    Truly the worst night of my life.