TURNED ON TO CANNABIS BY HIS MOTHER. 


There I am, in the Fun/Imaginary World we all remember.  And I'm climbing ontop of the world and reaching my inner-strenght, having sex, infinitie money, owning the world, and basically having the funnest time of my life.  Then Finally, I wake up.  Noticing it was nothing but a dream.

My name is Curtis.  I am 15 years old.  I live in a pretty good sized town in Nebraska.  And I LOVE to raise hell anyway possible.

All my life, the only way I could have an extreme fun time was in my dreams.  And the older I got, the less fun I could have.  I couldn't stand drinking(the taste YUCK!), smoking was fun for a while but then it started to suck.  I used to enjoy smoking cigs because I'm sure you all can remember the old smoking days when you could get a 1 minute buzz off of cigs.  Well it wasn't enough for me.

Yes I'm wasn't stupid and I heard about drugs from random people.  Alls I ever thought was 'Weed is for Pothead's and I'm NOT a Pothead.'  Back then I thought Weed and Drugs were the dumbest and most fucked up things alive.  Damn was I wrong...

My parents are divorced.  I live with my dad.  My mom lives 45 mins away.  My mom is single living in a 2 story apartment.  She raises her daughter, Marcy, and she is about a year old.  My mom works at Perkins and earns some GOOD money.  This is where the cool part comes in - SHE SMOKES POT!!  That's right, she lives with her own Mary Jane.  I always knew my mom smoked weed, but I was NEVER intrested into trying it.

I hardly ever visit my mom, and I just started smoking cigs a month ago.  My mom didn't know I smoked cigs or was even intrested.  It was the weekend before Christmas and Me, My brother(Casey), his GirlFriend(Rebecca), and my best friend(Jake) were gonna go up and stay at my moms place for the weekend.  Casey is a smoker and has tried weed, acid, shrooms, and something just like speed.  Him and my mom smoked together in the past.  So I thought it'd be so weird to smoke cigs with my mom for the first time in my life this weekend.  What I didn't know was that I was going to smoke some WEEEEEEED!!

So, we headed up there.  Me, Jake, Casey and Rebecca.  Me and Jake were sittin in the back seat as Jake handed me over 2 packs of cigarettes.  I was excited, because I was a dumbass Tobacco smoker and not a Weed smoker.  Then, we were off.  Me and Jake were drinking shit loads of beer and had a shit load of Cigs.  Finally, we got to my moms place and we layed back on her couch me and Jake.  Casey and Rebecca were gonna leave to goto a movie or something.  So they left and Jake ending up passing out on my mom's recliner.  It was just me and my mom up and I pulled out my Cigs and me and her sat there in the Kitchen smoking.  Alls of a sudden my mom goes 'Do you wanna try some weed?' and I said 'Sure.' as I was very very nervous.

She comes back into the Kitchen with her little black pipe and a bag of WEEEEEEEED.  I was asking to her about how I should smoke it and bla bla bla.  As I was asking her questions, she was packing the weed into the bowl.  Then she lit it up and took a hit and then shows me how to do it.  I then take a PHAT hit.  And I fucking mean PHAT.  I held the smoke in my lungs for as long as I could feeling the burn deep inside.  Then I kept taking hits...BIG hits.  I finally took my 5th hit then handed the pipe to her.  I felt FINE.  My legs were just barely shakey only because I was nervous.  I said to myself 'Well, Looks like they were right...you can't get high your first time.'  I leaned against the counter and looked at my mom's picture on the fridge.  She started tellin me about how Casey didn't get high his first time either.  She started blabbing on back and forth and then all of a sudden, everything got quiet, and my mom's picture started to get to me.  I barely remember looking over at my mom and saying 'I feel weird.'  Then I found myself laying on her kitchen floor laughing my ass off like I never have before.  I was ONCE AGAIN in my dreams that I used to be in.  And fuck I was DEFINATELY lit up!!  My mom walked back into the Kitchen and then I started talking about how fucking cool this was.  As we were talking I noticed little things like the smell in the room, how dry my mouth was, the relaxation of my muscles, the happiness I was feeling, and EVERYTHING.  Then she said she was going to goto bed so I went and layed on her couch.  I all of a sudden felt like breathing was IMPOSSIBLE.  I quickly got up, trouble walking, I got to her fridge and got something to drink.  I layed back down and closed my eyes.  I never saw any illusions but I noticed something unexplainable.

Have you ever layed down on your bed, closed your eyes and tried to picture being somewhere.  Except as your thinking about it, it isn't all that clear?  Well when your high and you make yourself think about something, BOOM it's right there.  I pictured myself on a football field back to pass and having a big buff linebacker laying my ass out.  And as I got hit, my body would shake a little bit.  And I would TWITCH alot too.  It felt good to twitch...it freaks other people out to watch it but when your high it feels soooo good to twitch.  I layed in bed listening to some type of music that wasn't really there as I crashed out.

My fellow Americans, I must say that weed does some fun shit to ya, and I was only hitting the beginning of it for the first time.  I didn't even do that much bowls...it was the next day when I started having fun.

I woke up the next day and felt like a different man.  I told Jake how I got high and he wanted to try it.  So I told him that we would get high later that night.  So then we fucked around the whole day wasting time because we had to leave later that night.  And before we left, Casey and Rebecca were laying on the couch when me, Jake, and my mom were in the kitchen.  

She pulled out Mary Jane and we got to Business.  Jake took about 4 hits before he started laughing like a mo fo.  Me and mom laughed at him then I took a couple hits and noticed I was laughing at Jake and he was laughing at me.  My mom says 'Alright that's enough for you, your pretty high now.'  But I refused to hand over the Magic Dragon.  I took 2 more PHAT hits.  I walked into the living room and we all stood up getting ready to walk out.

My mom's 1 year old daughter, Marcy, was jumping all over the place.  And at the exact second I was fucking as HIGH as a KITE.  Everything around me was laughing at me and it was soooo fuzzy, I sat there laughing at everything.  Then Marcy looked at me and started jumping around laughing.  I looked at her all silent then broke out laughing in tears!!  I was so fucking high!!  Then we got in Casey's car and headed on home as me and Jake were in the backseat lit up like candles.  

I noticed on the way home that when we were listening to music, I loved each song that I heard even if it was gay or it sucked ass.  I still loved it more than anything.  My appreciation to music was on a high.  My acordination when I was high was 0%.  I had NO acordination what so ever.  I would sit there and tell a story to Casey and Rebecca(story that I was making up on the may) and if ANYTHING barely disturbed me...getting back the train of thought was IMPOSSIBLE.  Concentration is tough to control when your high.  

My brother told me to smoke a cig when I was high because I guess that's supposed to really fuck you up.  So then after it seemed like 2 years of trying to get a Cig outta my pocket, I got the cig.  I lit that sucker up, took a deep drag and BOOM, I was gone.  The only thing I really can remember after that was Jake waking me up in my front yard...still as high as a kite.

The greatest thing about weed is that it frees your mind and takes you back to that dream you've always wanted to stay in.  I'll never forget that weekend.  It was one of the bestest weekends I've ever had my entire life.