We are a married couple of 46 and 48 and discovered XTC for the first time in July 2000.

Got pills, we've had tested last week, which contain 101 mg pure MDMA and no other substances. Good pills, though!

The first time, we had only 2 pills, one for each.  We took half of a pill and 45 minutes later the other halve. And this first experience on MDMA was incredible!  There's no way to describe the effect!  Absolutely NO WAY!  Fantastic! Unbelievable! Great!  All these terms do not match to how it really struk us.

When the effect fully kicked in, we were shot right into heaven! 

And we had great sex for more than 3 hours! Believe me, this is no fairy tail!  Great sex for three hours, with many special things, we did! The whole trip lasted for about 7 hours and we loved it.  We loved each other so much, you cannot put it in words.

The next time was about the same!  Except the special 'Waaaooouuh'-feeling we had the first time, was missing now!  And this is absolutely logical, because, you don't know what to expect the first time and so you are hit by this 'Waaaooouuh'-feeling, when the MDMA hits you!  Next time, you've got an idea what to expect and so you will not be that much surprised.

This, I think, is the main reason, that you'll never experience something like the first time.

Now, 28 times later of taking XTC, things have changed!

Sexual desire is gone back to almost zero by the E. Even if we really want to have sex, I cannot perform. Maybe in the beginning of a trip, I could, but not anymore after an hour or so. No way!

We also experienced, that, if we've been not really in a mood to take a pill, but we did anyhow, it wouldn't work as good as it normally did.

Our suspicion:  It has a lot to do, what's in your mind when taking E!!  A sort of 'pre-programming' of you mind!  You'll get a lot of what you expect. 

In the beginning, we expected something sensational and something sexual... and we got it!  

Later, we got to know, sex was not the most important thing in an E-trip, but the 'loved-up' feeling and the hugging and talking, so this is, what we got in later trips:  a lot of understanding of each other's problems, a lot of kuddling and hugging and telling each other a thousand times in a few hours, how much we love each other without ever getting boared.  
Sex was not important (anymore)!!  When we recalled at a later state of an E-trip, that loving each other had also sometimes to do with sex, it was too late (for me) to perform.  No problem!  Because under E, there was this 'big understanding'! Nothing matters more than love and understanding.

We've taken the E as well as in weekly intervals and as in longer intervals with two or three weeks breaks. Even if you don't like to read this, but one MUST have longer breaks in between, or the (nice) effect of the E will decrease more and more, even when taking greater amounts. At least 2 weeks breaks are absolutely necessary!

We've also experienced massive depression effects on E due to abuses!  Exspecially, when taking it two days after each other and in higher doses (100+50+50mg), the next day(s), depressions could come forward even in a very tough form. (My wife started shouting at me loudly and became hysterical, with no specific reason. She started crying and arguing, etc..  I got feelings of 'Leave me alone' for a few days.) It seemed to us, as if we had spent ALL our 'love-feelings' in just one evening and there was nothing left for the next day(s) up to a week or so. 

So, think about, what you are up to!!!  Think, what you do and how you do it!  It's great taking E (sometimes), but if you want it to remain 'great', you've to be careful!  It's not just that simple!

------

We also tried several, different pills, which had a very different (strong or weak) effect. Getting curious, we had three different types of pills labtested last week and know why the effect was different: Because the amount of MDMA varies a lot!!!  From 36mg (white, soft Warner-Brothers), 52mg (Mitsubishis, white speckeled) to 101mg (pink Startrek) pure MDMA.  (None of them contained any other chemicals or unpurities!)

By telling people, 'I've just taken 1 or 2 pill(s)' doesn't mean anything!  As long as you don't know exactly, what's the content of a pill...  Even the same sort of pil varies in production over the time.

We are now in a longer break and very much looking forward to our next pill-experience over a few weeks, which will be a nice one again, due to the fact, that after a longer break the effect will be back and due to our 'looking out' to this experience.

Taking a pil every weekend would turn it into a 'common-every-day' experience, not being worth the effort and the next-day-hangover.

The oldman