My first experience with Ecstasy was rather quick and unplanned. I had gone over it in my head a billion times, I had read up on it, and I had asked my more experiences peers dozens of questions. But the night I actually did it I felt like everything happened in one big rush.

It was only last Friday night (November 19, 1999) when I made my first debut at Area 51....my very first visit to a club and my very first E. I went with a couple of my guy friends. One was 18, the other 17 like me. (We had to get other people's ID's in order to get into the club.) The 18 year old drove me there and along the way he asked me if I'd like to try it...after I had agreed he began gong overwhat would happenand how I might feel. He frequently refered to the experience as 'rolling'. I'm still not quite sure if that meant being on E or what. But we arrived at the club at 1:00 a.m. I took the pill at 2:00 a.m. It was quite dark and I was trying to be discrete so I didn't get a good look at the pill. I just knew it was white. My supplier told me to put it in my mouth and bite it in two pieces, then swallow the pieces. (He was chewing his all at once...) The small bit that I tasted was awful. I don't know how he managed to chew up the whole thing. Then he told me to walk around and when I started feeling funny to come tell him. 

Well I walked out of the back room we were in and I ran smack into my cousin. I was so happy to see him and he was overly surprised to see me inside this club! I had a split second thought that he'd find out I had taken E and get mad but I quickly dismissed this because I didn't want to get myself into a worried frame of mind. About 20-25 minutes after I had taken it I started to feel kind of dizzy and floaty...I found my supplier and let him know. He handed me a lollipop and told me to suck on it. This was an amazing feeling! I still cannot describe it...it was totally different from anything I have experienced. I felt very good at this point so I wandered about the room, letting the music pound in my ears and creep into my mind. I spotted a guy who I absolutely adore standing near the dance floor and I had this urge to just upand hug him...so I did and he was just lovely and he hugged me back. This felt FANTASTIC! I wanted to hug everybody in the place and I wanted to know if they were feeling as good as I did. I was just having the best time. I spotted my cousin again and he took one look at me and asked me if I had taken anything. I just laughed a said yes...not meaning too but I couldn't help but say yes! Luckily for me he said he did it too and he gave me a super big hug! I felt even better by the minute. :) Iwent back to my supplier...he rubbed Vicks under my eyes and on my chin and cheeks. This wasn't as grand as some people say it is but it did feel kind of good. Now the back rub I received....it was BLISS! I felt all tingly afterwards...very very nice. 

By now I had decided to pay my cousin a visit again...I walked in and I saw him rush out of the club in a huff. My heart did a weird little drop kick. I sensed something was wrong. I found his roommate and asked what was up. He pulled me to the side and explained the situation. This made me worry about my cousin even more...I felt my happy E-ness starting to not be too fun anymore. I actually was feeling normal again. 

Then in the midst of our talk, I see a bunch of people in black pouring into the club. They have black ski masks on and 'POLICE' written in big white letters on their shirts. It's a raid. My first club night, my first E experience, and.....joy...my first raid. So added to my upset cousin I have the police poking around while I stand there with an ID that isn't mine and a still dazed mind. Anyway, to make a long experience short(er) I was pretty much calm with the police. I was mainly paranoid for my cousin. The cops made us line up and show ID's...fortunately they thought the girl on the one I had looked enough like me...and when I got outside I saw my cousin and he had been crying and I couldn't control myself so I did too and we hugged and criedand then sat in the car a talked forever. Everything was patched up and my first E experience was dead. Conclusion? I woke up with a killer headache. So basically from my opinion, E is a lovely drug and I enjoyed it...until it got interupted. Just use carefully (and it's better to not use ALL the time). 

Happy (and safe) raving!