KK then the day had been going pretty nice. I was just generally feeling good which isn't a norm for me. I'm on a presription on 20mg Lexapro (antipressant) and 80mg Strattera (ADHD) so that gives you an idea of how nasty and mopey I usually feel. Anyway first bad thing of the day happened which was my mother was very late picking me up at school. Well after walking for an hour I flagged her down and was ready to give her a cussing for ruining my first great day in a long time, but when I got in the car she dropped three little pills in my hand.

What the hell are these I asked. Valium, you ever taken them before? Nope you know me I usually go for uppers to help with depression. Well then you are in for a treat. So I pop them and let the dissolve in my mouth like she told me and when we got home I got out of the car and promptly almost fell over. Well this is more than I expected I slurred to her. She laughed I little and I hobbled inside. Once in I made my way to my room, and started looking up stuff about valium.

I'm mostly clean now except for my prescribed meds, unisom to help sleep, and the occasional few pills, alcohol or joint. Back in my hayday earlier this year though I was pretty damn hardcore if I do say so myself. My girlfriend doesn't like me doing anything period though, so I more or less stay clean now except for like I said an occasional slip.

Anyway back to today. Well I started looking around online and find what do you know strattera. I read some of the experiences and go hell maybe at a higher dose I'll notice some stuff. So I prompty took 160mg double my dose for today along with my 20mg of Lexapro. After about an hour of laying in bed mellowing all to hell cause of the valium. Which seemed to have effects on me liken to a decent amount of the good old cannibus. Laying on bed mouth half open, laughing at nothing playing with my own hair I noticed a clear change. I felt a sudden rush of energy. Not a meth rush or caffiene like I've done before more along the lines of an aderal rush. Non-stimulant....I'm sure.

Anyway the effects of the Valium and Strattera are meshing quite nicely now. I feel a nice amount of energy and yet relaxed and cool with all the world and at peace. Peaceful energy is what I'd explain this as. One thing has brought me down a little though. My girlfriend called and I told her cause I just can never lie to the girl. Well apparently even a non lethal non trip inducing body high like a few valium is a no no for a recovery major druggy like me. Oh well you can call me whipped if you want, but I was beginning to tire of always looking for a fix everyday and she has given me a real reason to stay clean that I am really trying on. Anyway like I said I feel damn good right now. Its not to intense or anything, but I definitely like it. I pop in a perfect circle cd and just chill with some meditation and let the fast thought of strattera and relaxed feel of valium soothe me into drug induced bliss.