One night with nothing to do, I found myself browsing through the medicine section at the local grocery store, I was looking for some Dramamine because I heard that in High Doses it is like acid.

So I found it and bought 2 tubes-12 pills in each.  When I got home took all of the first tube- about half an hour later I took 8 more.  Well it wasnt doing anything except for somevery mild hallucinations, not very fun, and I was tired so I decided to go to bed....

I woke up at about 1:00 in the morning (at this time I had forgotten about the Dramamine) and I saw my teacher and some of my friends looking at me.  They were all for the most part friendly and they were just like real people, except that they weren't.  Not only could I see these hallucinations, but I could also hear them!!!

Most of the people I saw, I knew, and I thought it was real.  If I could compare it to anything, I would have to say it was like a dream that was real.  The thing that really made me mad was I would try to pick up something that wasn't there, and my hand would go through it and it would dissapear.  Then I saw my parents (not the real ones) and they said they were mad at me because I was doing bad in school.

Moments later my real Dad (who goes to work very early) came down and everything dissapeared.  He asked me why I was up so early and I told him that all my friends were here.  He looked at me weird and asked if I was on drugs.  This is when I remembered about the Dramamine.  So I tryed to play it off, my dad thought it sounded really corny, but I went to bed and tried to sleep it off.  The last thing I remember was that I had a water bottle by my bed, at it was talking to me and it was smiling.  Then some of my friends came up (not the real ones) and started talking to me.  I closed my eyes and finally got to sleep.

This is one of the worst experiences I have ever had.  On all other drugs I know that I am under their influence, but not this one- I lost all control.<!--I recommend not doing this, but if you are going to, have a sitter, youll need them.-->