I just finished having this trip about 5 minutes ago and some of the effects are still running so if there are typos, I apalogize.

I had been waiting for almost one year now to try salvia.  I recieved my order in the mail a day after placing the order (used overnight, hehe).  I waited until about 11:45pm to try it out.  I went in my closet, since my entire family is home, and much to the warnings I have heard, I did not use a sitter.  I've experienced a variety of different psychadelics and handled them quite well so I wasn't afraid of this one.  I sat down with a new bong loaded one salvia leaf in the cone and sprinkled an immenseley TINY ammount of 10x extract on top.

I took the first hit. I began to wander off into my own little world like I normally do when I'm alone so I didn't think any effects had started yet.  With that thought on mind I took a huge hit off the bong.  Suddenly I realized that my mind had wandered itself into a trip.  I felt sweat on my brow and my arms, I realized that I was 'in touch' with every single pore on my body.  I could literally feel little sweat beads pushing themselves out of millions of pores on my arms, I could feel every last pore on my body breathing.  Then the feeling of the pores turned into millions of blunt needles pushing gently on my skin all at once in a repetative pattern, probably the breathing of my pores sparked the repetition.

I began giggling uncontrolably.  I realized I was getting too loud and knew the time to relocate was at hand.  I recognized a new self talking to me.  I believe it was another me that represented responsibility.  R, as I'll refer to him, was also noticeably stoned, or tripping as well, but he was urging me on telling me to get out of my closet and to a safer area.  All this while R was fighting back giggles as well.  Before I even stood up everything became deathly silent and I was no longer a human but I was just my spirit.  I was deep in what I believed to be a jungle with an Aztec village in the center.  I was instantly surrounded by hundreds of aztec villagers who seemed to know me because most of them didn't think it was strange that I was there.  And what I guess must have been 6 or 7 of them were all talking to me at once.

I noticed there was someone standing behind me who was too a foreigner like myself.  I saw that he was an older British explorer, who I somehow already knew his name, The Indellible Mr. Hunns, from the late 1800s in full gear: Pith helmet, tan shorts with knee socks, a tan jacket and a pipe in his mouth, which was covered by a large graying barhandle moustache.  He seemed to be a guide, but he was literally guiding me through my trip.  He was mumbling but I still somehow understood him.  I don't know what he said it was some kind of higher form of communication.  One of the villagers, an older middle eastern woman, was shouting at me like she was scolding me, but only half heartedly.  She treated and talked to me the same way a person treats their alcoholic friend as they help them to bed after a drunken stuper.  She used that voice as if she was dissapointed in me outwardly but on the inside felt sorry for me. She, my guide, and possibly some others helped me out of my closet and then when I got out, they disappeared.

The trip drastically started to subside and I realized I had no clue if the trip lasted 1 minute or hours. I realize now that in my trip I was existing in everyone I saw in my trip because I could see from all of their points of view and even felt their thoughts.   I was everyone and myself all at once.  I was omni-present.  Thats really all that happened but the overall experience was euphoric and blissful.  I would like to visit these people again.  I had comfort with them somehow.  The whole thing seemed fast paced and blurry.  It was definately like a dream because it felt like everything in the trip happened at the same time and then it was over.  By the way I'm pretty sure my eyes were open the entire time.