This was typed as it happened:

ingested: 2-3 tblspns of ginger, 1-2 tbspns of nutmeg, 11:45pm

12:34am: a nice, fuzzy, mellow buzz takes hold of me. watching Black Dog on tv; smile comes to my face, kinda like beginning of alky buzz

12:40am: euphoric feeling im experiencing is obviously from the ginger... very nice, a head rush/warm fuzzy feeling; slight tracers from nutmeg starting - very upbeat, wonderful feeling.

12:47am: i go out and smoke a cig; while looking up at the mysterious night sky, i start to hum that old song from the Lipitor/Life cereal commercials: 'are the stars out tonite/is it cloudy or bright/i've only got eyes for yooooouuuu'...walk around, feel uppity; stimulant feeling taking effect; when i get inside i remark to myself 'i'm feeling good as fuck' and decide to pack up more capsules of ginger

12:55am: i pack another tblspn of ginger but decide not to ingest it yet. Event Horizon on next.

12:57am: experiencing music euphoria, feeling emotional sorta like how music grabs ahold of your emotionjs when you're tripping.

1:05am: nose feels tingly, i scratch it and oooh, feels so good; considering changing station - no tolerance for subplots, slow-moving movies.... decide to watch a comedy - okay fuck that nothing is on tv as usual, i go into my room to listen to music

1:12am: on the radio: 'don't go out tonite/there's a bad moon on the rise'

1:14am: the way music ahold of me it feels like i'm tripping; still slight tracers from nutmeg.

1:16am: i eat another half tblspn of ginger

1:33am: time moving quickly; i eat the other half tblspn; music becoming more intense; starting to sweat slightly around the temples... everything growing more intense. if i had alcohol it would definitely intoxicate me beyond all recognition, i know this for a fact because i had a shot or two of vodka a few hours ago and the feeling as a whole feels slightly intoxicating in its own rite:

'A hot infusion, called ginger tea, was once highly popular for its diaphoretic (having the power to increase sweating) effect (very good for colds i presume). Alcoholic extracts of ginger, termed essence of ginger, have been used as intoxicants'  Plus I read online that ginger is a good cardiovascular agent and good for the heart and migraines, along with nausea/motion sickness. I believe it, too.'

1:53am: well, coordination is definitely affected.

2:18am: okay, i feel the second wave kicking in... a warm feeling in my chest... i keep zoning out, listening to music on the headphones... visualization is hard, my thoughts keep staying in the present, hard to think about the past, but everything has a certain dramatic flare to it. it's definitely a stimulant but at the same time i feel mellow and relaxed... no sign of headache or stomach ache.

Epilogue: I went to bed around 3am and slept well, though I frequently woke towards daybreak with a stomach ache which may or may not be from the ginger.