I had 50mg of 2C-I given to me by an act of divine fate. After breakfast, I met up with two friends, one male, one female. The 2c-i was dissolved in 400ml distilled H2O, with 100ml consumed by each of us (containing 12.5mg 2c-i), and 100ml left over for a rainy day.

The coming up process was smooth and gradual... at the 1 hour mark, noticing only slight effects, I had the urge to drink the remaining 100ml. At the 2 hour mark, I was glad I didn't. The visuals were quite LSD like, with a strong body stimulation and a mental state similar to that experienced on MDA. The peak of the hallucinatory effects was at 3 hours, with accompanying mild nausea and somewhat uncomfortable stimulation which was relieved by taking a brisk walk outside.

At 3.5 hours, my female friend and I left my buddy's place to go hang out with someone else. This resulted in a profound change in the nature of the trip. The hallucinogenic and stimulant effects faded away, to be replaced with a wonderful euphoric glow and mental clarity that allowed for my friend and I to have a deep psychotherapeutic conversation about the relationship issues we are both experiencing. The 2c-i acted as a 'buffer' of sorts, allowing us to step outside of what would normally be painful emotions and to examinine them in a rational manner.

At 6 hours, my friend and I began to gradually float down from the trip, and this is when a woman (whom we will call 'C') who has been interested in me for a while comes over to join us (she is completely sober.) It's funny... I never really noticed her in that way before because she is not your conventional hourglass-figure 'hot chick', but I realized that she was truly beautiful, kind, and sweet, and that I had fallen victim to the biases of a society which is obsessed with weight loss and where the 'ideal' body type for a female is the anorexic one.

C and I fall into each others arms and cuddle for the next few hours (nothing sexual, just affection,) and all is good as I lie there, the glow of the drug fading to be replaced with the even better glow that comes from meeting someone truly special and totally 'clicking' with her...

At 9 hours, my friend, myself, and C decide to go our separate ways and get some much needed sleep. Before we separate, C and I make a date for Saturday night. I go home, boot up my computer, and start writing... I have a story to tell :-)