I used Amt on three occassions recently and had widely varying results. The first time it was given to me by a stranger and all he told me was that it was like acid and speed.  I have no idea what the dosage was, but it must have been 75mg or greater because the effects were radical.

At first the lights just became bleary and then the lines on the road began to pulse towards me. Then a highway sign passed me in staggered stages rather than fluid motion. After that all the lights on the horizon smeared from left to right in a flash and then right to left. When I got home I stopped and puked halfway to my apartment for a sec. But then I went inside and I was Ok. I talked to my roommate about the kind of hallucinations I was having and I seemed to maintain normal cognitive function. I lit candles to try to take away the intensity from the lights, but the candles seemed to Pulse at 1000 frames per minute. The light seemed to have this effect even after I woke up the next morning!

The second occassion I tried Amt was at a field party in august. The sunsets had been phenomenal for the past two weeks, so i ate 25mg at 7pm, so that my onset would be the sunset.  I watched the sun go down with some guy who was tripping and dragonflies were flying all aound my head.  This party was relativly small and there were police walking around.  Someone told me they had listening devices and I became very paranoid all night.  I actually fell asleep on two occassions on account that I had been there since 4pm. As far as the effects I felt, I had some physical sensations, ie: chills, good feelings, as well as insightful thoughts and sort of a trippy mindset. I also puked twice on this night. When the sun came up the next day there was fog everywhere and the sun was white. it was freaky.      

  A few of my friends tried 25mg and said that nothing happened to them. A few others vommitted for 15 hrs with no other effects.  WHATEVER YOU DO DO NOT ATTEMPT TO DRIVE ON AMT.

The third time I ate AMT I was at the internet bar downtown having drinks and reading erowid vaults by myself when I stupidly decided to take 50 mg around 7pm.  I walked around downtown and started trippin the I decided i would not be able to drive.  I called my roommates and asked them to come drive my car but that I was OK. Then I went outside and VOMMITTED BLOOD. At that point i decided I would NOT be ok and called my roommates to save me.

They showed up a lil later and A drove my car to the psychedelic drum jam! All the way there I was saying 'lookout!', 'don't crash!' because it looked like everything was coming at us, exept when an ambulance passed, I was mesmerized. Anyway all my friend were at the drum jam unexpectedly and I really got into the groove while I was hallucinating. For a moment I thought I could drive and then I saw neon lights smearing everywhere. So Iwanted to go to this new club that was opening that night, but My friend who could drive was not old enough. So I told  this strange tattooed girl she should drive my car and she did.

The lazers at this club were fucking incredible. Some club kid asked us for a ride home in exchange for weed so S drove him home where we smoked this ridiculous sized joint. My jaw was clattering the whole time so S gave me this intense massage on my face. The giant spliff didn't help so I told the poor sap he should give me another one.  I went home with a footlong joint for free. When we left at 6 am i was still seeing shit. 

So be very cautious if you decide to try amt. There is almost nothing posted about the very real dangers assocaited with this substance. Have someone with you, have your stomach prepared, and DO NOT ATTEMPT TO DRIVE! Be safe and peace be the journey...