Underwhelmed

10mg 5-MEO-DALT - 
         
Taken sublingually - interestingly enough this is the only phenethylamine or tryptamine whose taste is tolerable. Its like MDMA but less bitter and way less strong.
         
Went for a walk to a cafe then came home, watched a Yo Yo Ma DVD then went to bed with my  girlfriend who was already sleeping.
         
I felt a slight buzz in the chest, slightly like MDMA but not necessarily pleasant, totally missing the silkiness of MDMA. Watching the movie was a bit harder, and I had no enhanced appreciation of music which is one of the most amazing effects of  phenethylamines and tryptamines for me.
        
I felt a slight increase in sexual energy but not really libido. My girlfriend was already asleep so I didn't investigate further.,
     
Total time 3 hours

30mg 5-MEO-DALT
          
Taken with 2 teaspoons of G ( less than 2 grams ).  Felt a very faint trippiness. Found it harder to follow conversations in sort of a tweaked way, not in a surreal way.  I had energy to dance but it was a bit rigid, not the wonderful melting into the music of MDMA.  For a few seconds, 10 maybe, I thought peoples faces were changing in a trippy way but then everything was normal.
           
Went home and definitely felt like appreciating my girlfriend but though it seemed to increase my interest in closeness, it didn't increase my libido, but didn't impeded it either.

       
Total time 4 hours

The effects seem so subtle, I'm almost wondering if  5-MEO-DALT is a joke from Shulgin that maybe it doesn't do anything. On the other hand my girlfriend said I was acting different. I'd say it does a bit of everything (except music appreciation) but doesn't do any of them in an interesting way - I felt a bit amped, a bit trippy thoughts, a bit of CEVs, more appreciation of color, a desire to be closer to others, but none of it jelled or was pleasant. It does seem to be like a good beginners substance because it gives a hint but is totally underwhelming. On the other hand it might make substances seem too safe and easy.