In retrospect I wasn't ready. I grabbed it out of my mailbox ran inside grabbed my pipe and my lighter and loaded my bowl. I guess I was just too excited. With my girlfriend at my side I made my way to my porch and sat down in a plastic lawn chair. 
    
After I breathed in the smoke the effects were immediate. People say they try to pull fast and hard and hold it in as long as possible. I didn't give any thought to any of this. I just lit it and inhaled. My eyes were focused on the side of my house, where there are two windows, one located on the second floor, one on the first. In between these there is a fairly large white empty space. 
    
Almost immediately after inhaling the side of my house was all there was. The windows and the empty space just multiplied a million times until it was all I could see. Millions of windows and white boxes. Then they weren't windows or white boxes. They were beings. I only have a faint memory of what they looked like, not very clear at all. Just boxes with faces. If it hadn't been for the very strong distinct feeling of being surrounded by very benign and even loving beings I probably wouldn't remember them at all. I don't ever remember thinking a single thing to myself. I just remember floating through/past these beings, and them trying to help me get back to where I belonged. It was very comforting and I really felt like I was in good company.

It didn't matter that they were helping me however, because my mind just wasn't ready for this kind of trip. In the middle of all of what was happening to me I was coming in and out of it and every time I was phased out of whatever world I had entered I panicked. I only remember half of what happened in reality, as I was only there half of the time. Basically my girlfriend said after I took the hit I leaned my head back in my chair for a few seconds. After that I stood up and ran into the house then straight into the kitchen, this part I remember very well. I was walking in circles very fast around and around in my kitchen and thinking what the hell am I doing? Then I ran out into my living room, in which on the TV Dr. Phil was on. I had the craziest feeling he was talking to my girlfriend and to me about me, but I can't really remember it that well. 

The following I don't remember at all. After entering the living room I ran up to my girlfriend and gave her a hug and then ran for the door to my porch. My had went for the doornob but I didn't open it I just ran straight into the door. Then I opened it ran out onto the porch and laid down for a second, then I stood up and walked over the the chair all of this had started in.

This is probably my favorite part of the whole trip. Other then the box beings I only remember very hazy glimpses into various other worlds which I couldn't even begin to describe. This is the only other thing I can remember clear as day. As I sat back down in my chair, I had to choose a reality to come to rest in. It's kind of hard to describe exactly what happened. Basically my being was divided up into millions of different dimensions or versions of my reality. I saw this as basically my field of vision broken up into a million different boxes, kind of like a bunch of tvs all with the same image on them, this image was all that I could see out of my eyes, my reality. They began to rebuild my body from the ground up. After all of this was said and done I finally came to rest in one of the many various realities that build my arm. Upon entering I said to my girlfriend 'Where is everyone else', followed by 'Are you my arm?'

After I was back and coming down and the feeling was fleeting I remember saying I'll never do it again It's too much it's too strong. I guess my mind just wasn't ready to part with my body. It was very scary. I had a gram of the stuff and that was really the only time I smoked any to go under. Now I look back and say to myself, damn what a ride. I will be doing it again, just needed some time to take in all that had happened, and prepare myself for the next voyage.