In 1996, I decided to start cultivating P. cubensis. I had no idea what I was in for. My first trip was several months earlier. These first experiences were just a feeling of well-being and happiness. Just as I heard, we laughed a lot. 

My experiences with my home-grown mushrooms were radically different. It was amazing to watch these fungi grow. At harvest time, I was over-joyed, and eager to sample my 'tree of knowledge'. Most of my experiences occured by myself, in the natural setting of a Hemlock ravine. 

I started off with low dosages, and gradually worked up to about 4 grams, dry weight. The onset of the trip was unpleasant. I felt totally drained of energy, and my balance suffered. After this came the peak. During this time, I became aware of a presence all around me. I heard a gutteral-type sound, somewhat simular to a deedridoo, which I had never heard before this trip. It was a resonant type sound in the background. I was being watched. Watched by these entities all around me which I could not see.

After these experiences, I talked to some campus-heads that I met. I told them about the presence I felt, and they said they experienced the same thing. The only thing I could equate this 'presence' with was aliens. My friends agreed with this perception. It was just such a weird feeling. After this part of the trip passed, I started to see things that were wrong with my life, and the world. After the peak (which was really scarey sometimes), the afterglow of the trip was awesome! During this time, I tried to find ways to change my life through what I had learned.

During the next several experiences, I came to the realization that the 'presence' I felt was not alien. More and more I was convinced that the presence of the entities was demonic/angelic. During one trip (not exclusive, I know now), I heard the most beautiful music I ever heard before in my life. There were no 'words'. At least not in a human language. I felt the blessing of God sweep through my mind and soul. I felt like I had touched the hand of God. 

To say this was a life-changing experience would be an understatment. My whole way of looking at the world changed. I was learning how to love people. I start to cry just thinking about it. I was shown some things that most people never see. It's hard to convey to people who have never used entheogens. What I experienced was not a hallucination. A small fraction of it was. I was opened up to another realm.

I started on a religious pilgrimage. That journey still continues. I haven't grown or used mushrooms since '97. Perhaps it is time again. The human soul is so forgetful. Maybe I need to relearn some of those revelations I received. So....here I go again.