Ah, Summer.  What a beautiful time to trip.  And what a beautiful day it was too.  My friend C arrived early in the morning around 9.  I had got no sleep the night before thanks to the heat, but this day was already much cooler.  I had already got up at 4:30 to watch the sun rise.  Beautiful.  He had just got a brand new shipment in from out of state, and we were nervous as to whether or not it was going to be a good batch.  I have tried 2C-I once before with great results, and we were phsyched to be tripping o this great drug again.  I called up two friends of ours, B and E, to see if they were coming over.  The said they'd be there around 10:30, so toasted, and dosed with Vitamin C for good measure.

The come up was exciting, as I wasnt nervous about anything, we were alone in my house all day (my dad was away in CapeCod), We had good music, good company, and it was a sunny day.  We watched a little bit of the movie Elephant as the drug began to hit us.  We then moved onto the porch where we could listen to Dark Side of the Moon.  This coming up effects were familiar to me, as I have done this drug before.  There is a slight diconnected feeling, and nausea; things just don't feel quite normal.  We smoked a few Cigs, and laughed, as we were both starting to feel it.  Giddiness is the word.  My central vision sizzles a little.

E and B arrive.  they laugh at C and I, who have been wandering aimlessly about my yard, and they dose.  I can feel it creeping onto me, as we four sit on my porch, smoking, talking, getting ready to trip.  I am very glad E and B have showed up, as they are some of my good friends, and I have never tripped with them before.  Feeling pretty great now, this drug has a very ecstatic feeling.  

Soon, I'm really feeling it, the CEV's are getting intense, and the nausea isn't subsiding; this aggrivates me, but I try to ignore it.  We head outside, and sit on the lawn.  I put on some Modest Mouse, and drink more water.  The clouds are swirling and moving at high speeds, E and B are starting to feel it.  Life is good.  Suddenly, I look up at the sky, and jesus Christ, there appears to be a milticolored rip in the clouds, its so hard to describe.  I point it out, and everyone jumps to their feet to examen it.  It's no hallucination.  It looks like an aurora for some reason, so points out B.  Everything's getting too intense.  The Nausea, the colors, I puke on the grass, at the exact moment the CD begins skipping.  

Soon after, I'm back to normal.  Well, I'm still peaking, but I feel a lot better, and everyone is still looking at the clouds.  I sit under a beautiful oak tree, and watch my friends, realizing how much I love hanging out with them.  I get my friend's disposable camera, and take a few photos of them, and the sky.  Life is good.  But life gets worse very quickly.  C starts acting jumpy, says he feels light-headed.  He runs inside and checks the telephone.  He says something about the atomic bomb being dropped.  We try to calm him down by saying that's rediculous, but he's tripping out.  We go inside to try to calm C down.  He thinks he'll never stop tripping and keeps asking what time it is.  We're all sweating like pigs, so I bring C in to the TV room, to put him in front of the fan, and watch a movie.  I'm very worried about him, and it's very hard to enjoy a trip when I need to talk a friend down.  The key is to be completely calm, and always assure him that everything is going to be OK, no matter what.  That he will come down, and life will be back to normal soon.  And water, lots of water is good.

So we watch a bit of the movie, and C seems a lot better, so we go outside and smoke a cig.  My peak has passed, but I'm still tripping.  We're all glad C is ok.  And we laugh and make jokes, and come up with some awesome quotes, such as:

'My existence feels funny.'
'If you don't like it, shave it off!'
'If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.  If life gives you ass-lemons, then fuck life!'

My friends are awesome.  But then the fact that I havent slept rears its ugly head.  It's imparative that I get a good night sleep if I am to be tripping the next day, cause I felt like shit.  I was coming down, and I felt way too tired to understand anything, so B and E left, and me and C took it easy, and watched the rest of Elephant.  Good movie.

Overall, this was a fun, and crazy experience.  No awakenings of the spiritual or the existential kind, but I don't expect that kind of thing from 2C-I. I go with mushrooms on that.

Happy tripping, fellow phsyconauts