To tell this trip report I have to start a few months back. 

This fall I met a girl and fell deeply in love. She was a 'drug nerd' and 'psychonaut' like myself and the best damn girl i've ever met. Let alone been with. 

About 5 weeks ago we where peaking on 5meodipt when out of nowhere she tells me she is breaking up with me. This experience was so traumatic that I didn't eat or sleep for 3 days after that. The last 5 weeks have been a depressed hell. I contemplate horrible things like suicide as I delve through the depths of lonely despair. I have suffered horrible dreams about her which leave me in a pool of sweat and unable to sleep. I usually am rather happy but nothing could help me. My heart was smashed into pieces. 

Last night I was with some friends in my room and decided that maybe I would try a hit of some fresh dried salvia leaf to sort of settle my anxiety and racing heart. I find lower doses very calming. I was a bit stoned from some cannabis we had smoked earlier.

I took one small leaf and crumbled it up. Placed it in the bowl. It was a small amount. I got a fairly small hit. Seems since the weather has warmed my plant's potency has increased. 

I said 'Maria de pastora show me the true path through the chaos,' and took a moment to say thanks to the salvia spirit. I laid back on the bed holding in the small hit. One friend we'll call K was on the couch. Two other friends we'll call A and B where outside having a smoke. I had easily finished the hit and didn't expect much to happen. 

I laid back and closed my eyes as I exhaled it seemed like the spirit drifted down into me. There was a really intense pain on the left side of my back it was very uncomfortable. Lady Salvia told me to do this thing which I can only describe as pushing my consciousness down. As long as I was doing this she was going to help heal me. But it was up to me to keep doing that. It was like I was pushing down so I would be lower then this blanket of salvia energy. That way the energy could cover my entire body and heal me. 

Then she starts saying to me over and over 'you're healed.'
' you're healed you're healed you're healed.' she says.

'Your broken heart is no longer making you sad for it is no longer broken.' she said next.

'Your lack of job and sitting around doing nothing all day is the cause of your depression.' She assured me of this and that my broken heart would no longer be a factor. 

Then my friend k turned the Simpsons on. I realized that the intense pain in my left side was going away fast. "You're healed you're healed you're healed.' Over and over she says.  At this point the pain in my heart and on my left side vanish. It seemed timed with the Simpsons being turned on. I told K he could turn on Simpsons when it started since it is rather psychedelic.

A calm sense of blissful happiness set in. I actually felt content. Like my old self.  A feeling which I have not felt in some 5 hellish weeks. Right as the pain stopped and the bliss set in A and B walked in and it seemed perfectly timed with the end of the healing process. Like salvia had the divine plan to heal me and everything was going perfectly.

This content glow lasted the rest of the night. I managed to watch the Simpsons and pay attention. I haven't been able to concentrate for some time. My ex would just race around my head no matter what I was to do. 

This morning I feel better. I think my heart is repaired and my ex won't be the cause of my troubles any longer. Lady salvia has healed me and shown me 'the true path through the chaos.' For our symbiotic relationship I am ever grateful.