I had smoked weed for almost a year before this experience happened and I had never had any negative side effects. I was with a couple of friends who had smoked longer than I had.  It was around 6:00 at night, when they packed the first bowl. The four of us passed it around, and I took about 5 good hits. Then we went downstairs to chill for a little while in a comfortable room. Nothing special.

About 45 minutes later (about 6:45) We went upstairs to the dining room, which was moderate size with a table and some shelves. It was kind of dark, but cozy. They packed up another bowl. Everything was normal until my second to last hit. As I inhaled I felt totally breathless like it was caught in my chest and I couldn't even cough. I felt like I was going to throw up but I just took another hit and sat on the floor. Maybe about 15 minutes later is when it started getting interesting.  Everything started going extremely slow and I couldn't tell if I was dreaming or awake. I was excited that this was really good weed. Then the room (we were now in my friends room, and I was sitting on the floor, leaning up against his bed) started swirling around and I began to feel really frightened. I told my friends how I was feeling and they were just like well it's never happened to me but it's probably just a bad high and you should wait it out. 

At this point it was very hard for me to tell what they were saying, and I couldn't associate one thing with another. Time was going slower and slower, and my heart was beating faster and faster and faster. I got extremely paranoid and couldn't stand up straight. My legs were shaking and I was shivering violently. I thought that I was having a heart attack and I kept thinking about dying. Then I would think that I should lay down and try to sleep it off, but every time I tried to lay down I would feel like I was twisting and falling into a deep dark hole that I could never wake up from. Then I would start shaking even more. At this point, my friends were really scared for me, but they kept telling me that I was going to be Ok. After a while of trying to see straight (the whole room was moving around me and breaking like a mirror and then sliding back together) my heart was still going wicked fast and I couldn't tell if I was breathing. I couldn't communicate with my friends because I was so out of it. I finally must have passed out because I woke up in her living room what seemed like hours and hours later. I'm not sure if they carried me there or if I walked, but it was actually only about 9:00- about 2 hours since we'd smoked.  I was high, as I usually feel after I smoke, but a little more dizzy than usual.

I'm not sure exactly why this happened to me. The weed that we smoked could have been laced, or it could have just been something that happened inside of me. I can't explain how incredibly scared I was, and I didn't smoke for a couple weeks after that. But I learned one thing- always know who you're smoking with and know your limits and expectations! I think, also, have fun with what your doing- that's the point of life, but know that it can end at any moment and be careful to make everything you do worth it.