A few weeks ago my roommate Z and I got a few hits of AMT from our friend W.  Both of them tried it not to long ago, but because of time constraints and the long lasting nature I had read about AMT, I just took some foxy (5-MeO-DIPT).  Based on what I observed during their ride and what they later told me, I was very curious to try it.  Well, I got my chance yesterday.  I got extremely drunk the night before and slept in until 2:30 pm.  I woke up feeling well rested and very energized.  By 6:00 pm I had grown very bored, as most of my friends and my roommate are out of town for a while, and decided to take a hit of AMT that W had left for me the last time he visited.  I was a little nervous, being alone and not having any cannabis to smoke, but being a strong-minded, psychedelic connoisseur I was confident I would be fine.  The following is an exact copy of what I wrote during my ride on the Rolls Royce of psychedelics.

6:00 pm - bored, nothing to do, decide to eat a 40mg gelcap of AMT

6:30 pm - start feeling a bit different, could be that I was listening to Tool very loudly all day and just put some more mellow music on the playlist

7:00 pm - hands are kinda sweaty, is it the drug or just nervousness?  Music sounds good, mind feels a little disassociated, time seems to have slowed to a crawl.  Feel light nausea and starting to see some mild movement on the walls

7:30 pm - Go outside on my large deck, the sun hasn't yet set, but is blocked well by the trees.  So many beautiful shades of green, makes me wish I had some pot

8:30 pm - after a few tries I decide I can't draw trees.  Too difficult, too many branches.  I feel very creative, too bad trees are too hard 2 draw.  (at this point I switched from drawing to writing poetry)

8:30 pm - slight muscle tremors and definite jaw clenching.  Vision very fuzzy.  I really have to focus on focusing.

8:50 pm - darkness slowly settles, the late afternoon radiance is nothing more than a memory, how different things seem, fireflies sparkle like stars against the green sky of grass and crickets chirp along with the music playing in my head.

9:00 pm - feeling very good, a little sped up, a little trippy, this is a lot of fun.  A good drug to just be alone in your own thoughts.  I'm not sure how well I could communicate with anyone right now, but my mind seems to be functioning clearly.

9:20 pm - how quickly things can change.  Got scared for some reason and went inside.  Took a shower that felt incredible.  Body goes from warm to cold and back in seconds

9:30 pm - talking on the phone isn't to hard when it's with someone I know

9:45 pm - computer gets boring very fast, decide to pull out the trump and go in the trip-friendly basement (blacklights, posters, glow in the dark stars)

10:15 pm - very glad I decided to come downstairs.  Very strong visuals.  If I try to focus on something it dances around where it is supposed to be and centers itself periodically

10:50 pm - visuals now on the downswing, went upstairs to turn music up, still feel quite trippy

11:10 pm - feel kinda sleepy

11:50 pm - still a little fucked up, very hard to focus on things

1:15 pm - almost baseline, mind and body exhausted, had an enjoyable ride

Conc. - I had a very good time, despite being alone and sans cannabis.  I constantly felt like I should be doing something, drawing, writing, walking around.  I was somewhat disappointed in the brevity of the experience.  Although I knew the 15+ hrs was not going to happen at this dose, I was expecting 9 or 10 hrs based on Z and W's experience.  Perhaps the large amount of cannabis they smoked was the difference.  I think I will try a larger dose next time.