Let me start this out by saying that I definetly didn't comprehend how to use salvia when I first tried it.  I know this by my experiences, and the mistakes I made.  I am posting this though to help steer others to the right path.
   
My buddy and I ordered a gram of Salvia divinorum 5X. I had read up some about salvia, and was excited by the things I heard about it.  I admit that I was a little swayed in my mental picture of the experience by the glowing reports and past experiences I have had with mushrooms and LSD.  I was excited to try it though.
    
The day it came, I sat down in my buddy's apartment eager to take my first pipe hit.  I had read a few experiences on the net that (to me) seemed to suggest 2 small bowls of salvia extract would do the trick.  My idea of small, it ends up, was way off.  By the time I was done, I had smoked a 1/4 of a gram of salvia improperly.  I was upset to find out that I had basically wasted most of this. The first hit I took really surprised me.  The only thing else I have ever smoked is weed, and it takes me 5 or 10 minutes after I finish smoking to get stoned.  That was my baseline for smoking things, so I didn't expect any immediate results.  But I got them anyhow.  After I took a long slow hit, holding it in for 15 seconds or so, I immediately began to feel heavy.  I quickly got the sensation that little hands were pushing my body in from all around.  That thew me off a bit, and I began to giggle an honest, heart-felt laugh. I continued to laugh for a little longer, ending with tears running down my cheek.  Once I could contain myself I took packed the bowl again on my pipe, and prepared for another hit.  I wished I had taken the time to just relax a little at this point and aquaint myself with the news sensations I was experiencing.  I was eager to reach a 'higher plane' feeling, and want to plunge back in.
     
The next hit I took I held in for at least 20 seconds or so and closed my eyes.  I suddenly felt like the space behind me was rushing backwards, expanding the little room I was sitting in into a large warehouse.  I then brought the pipe back up to my mouth (I am not sure if I opened my eyes or not) and took another slow hit with the rest of the bowl.  Right as I sucked in the last bit of salvia, I got the sensation that someone was wathing me behind my left shoulder.  For some reason I connected this feeling with the idea that they were smoking something as well, but I was only barely touching the same levels as them.  As soon as I got the sensations, they were gone.  For some reason I quickly opened my eyes and lost the weird feelings of the room sinking back, and already felt that I had come down to the happy after-affect feelings.  I tried once again later that day and got about the same feelings.  I know now that I was packing too much in the bowl, but I still wasn't receiving the same experiences that others reported.  I really want to find that state were I felt a presence, and am eager to venture on.  My real peak plateau seemed to only last for a minute or so.  I wonder if that's normal.