On my way home from work, I decided I wanted to trip tonight.  I'd done Morning Glory recently and liked the experience, but I decided to try mixing it with something that might be able to 'slow down' the experience a bit (the last time, my mind raced at a frenetic pace to the point where I couldn't even keep up with my own thoughtstream).  I knew nutmeg was excellent for calming, so I got some of that with the M.G. seeds.  Getting everything home, I introduced 3 new fish I'd just bought into the aquarium they now share with 2 balas.  Then I ground up half of my ingredients, deciding to save the rest for individual (not mixed) use later in the event I didn't like the combination trip.  I got them to a fine powder, though I had to keep cleaning the nutmeg out because it would form 'clumps', I suppose because of all the wax it contains.  Once powdered, I crushed the nutmeg clumps up to make sure they were powder, mixed it with the M.G. powder & put it all into a little glass.  I mixed it together with as little beer as possible, and chugged.  

It didn't go down too well, but I've generally got a cast iron stomach for these sort of things, and so once I got it down, it stayed down without a problem (I never get M.G. nausea, though the flavor of nutmeg sometimes makes me gag).  I washed it down with some chocolate espresso, ('mocha' of a sort), phlan & cottage cheese (I'll bet some of you are gagging right now just reading that -  - but generally, dairy _always_ soothes my stomach, unless it's a case of fever or something).

It didn't take long for the trip to start.  About 35 minutes, and the M.G. seeds were beginning to kick in.  I could tell because of the way I was beginning to get 'into' everything.  With my M.G. highs, I swear I can look at anything at all and it suddenly becomes the most fascinating thing in the world...  So anyway, that's how I knew _that_ was kicking in.  The nutmeg started to kick in after about perhaps 2 hours, if that.  

Once the nutmeg began interacting with the M.G., that's when my night of Hell began.  It's the most horrible mental state I can imagine.  It's like my mind was running in hyperdrive, as it usually does with M.G., but there wasn't anything _on_ it.  Like a blank tape being played repeatedly between my ears - the feeling that there was some sort of 'activity' going on, but the inability to hear my own thoughts or to form coherent thoughts.  All I could really do most of the night was lay on my bed, basically spazzing out.  Anyone looking at me would probably have thought I was having an epileptic fit, but I was just trying to find my way back to sanity.  My hands would flail around, I would thrash about struggling to stay awake and to make sense of the world again.  Words, that's it...  My 'words' were gone.  I couldn't look at anything around me and think of it in words.  It was as if I'd reverted back to some pre-lingual self.  Not necessarily such a horrible state of mind, but for some reason it just scared the crap out of me and I couldn't get out of it fast enough.  

When I was able to think about it hard enough, I had the sense of mind to try and 'drink' myself out of it, hoping the sweat & urine could excrete enough of the chemicals to help me find my way back to some kind of familiarity with the world.  It didn't really work.  At times, I tried going to sleep to see if I could escape it that way, but I couldn't no matter what.  I was sweating profusely, and profoundly agitated.  I half thought of going to the hospital, but I had a feeling the state would pass and I'd be okay when it was over.  This nightmare lasted from about 7:30-8:00 p.m. until about 1 a.m.  Then I could feel it starting to abate.  Then, I could feel my words slowly falling back into place, landing with a sort of mental 'click' when I was finally able to re-associate something with its corresponding English word.  I fell asleep at last around 2:30 & woke up around 9 a.m.  I'm not too terribly hung over, which surprises me, but I am awfully dry.  I'm trying to drink myself back to a full state of wakefulness, and as the day proceeds I'm slowly succeeding at that goal.

I'm going to do the rest of the M.G. seeds again tonight, but I think I'll just leave the nutmeg alone for awhile.  I have some beer, I may try that to see if it can slow down my mind any more smoothly than the nutmeg did.  If there's anything worth noting, I'll be sure & let you know!  But I wanted to write this to emphatically state that at least for myself, the combination of nutmeg & M.G. seeds is NOT a very fun trip.  It wasn't even 'useful' in the interpersonal sense, as without the ability to let my mind latch onto words for things, I couldn't explore any of the issues or facets of reality/myself that I normally like to explore on a trip.  Had I planned for that in advance, I may have been able to find some way to 'use' such a state.  But I had _no_ idea to expect that or what such a state would be like, and until I can think of ways to maneuver through mental concepts without the ability for language of any sort, such a trip can't possibly have any beneficial use.