I cooked up 20 mg of 2C-T-7 in the oven (at 250F for about 1 1/2 hours), then scraped the plate until I had two -little- piles of powder. Now, first off, I would like to say the piles of powder looked a lot different than when they came out of my original vial. They were more tannish, rather than a little off-white like they were before. I had my T7 dissolved in distilled water, so I don't know if that made a difference or what.

Snort, snort, one for each nostril. And immediately, I feel this really weird sensation. It wasn't at all psychedelic, but just like I had been hit in the head with a wrench or something. I didn't think too much of it, though, and wandered off to go take a shower (as I always do when I begin tripping). Once I was in the shower (~T+20 mins), with the water all over me, my body really started to feel weird. My nose was *extremely* irritated, not burning like crystal meth or MDMA, but like it was REALLY pissed off, and the throbbing sensation permeated my entire head, and in a way the entire shower stall. I felt as if I was being nasally-fucked hardcore by some very angry entheogenic gods. I couldn't help but begin coughing and hacking, as my body was wracked by this trauma. 

At this point, my nose inflamed and throbbing, my head beginning to swirl (I was definitely beginning to trip hard, about T+25mins), and my whole body feeling horrible, I blew the rest of the shit in my nose out, as it seemed the only way to save myself. My nose continued to burn like Satan's fire was engulfing it, so I tried to rinse it out with gushes of water from the shower stall, with some beneficial effect. Eventually, I stumbled out of the shower, feeling entirely too weird...not at all like my previous 2C-T-7 journeys, and I have snorted, smoked, and orally taken 2C-T-7 in the past. My body was still being wracked by horrendous fits of coughing, and I would blow my nose on some toilet paper often to try to make my nose better. I often spit into the toilet nearby, as I was practically coughing up my lungs. It's important to note here that for the past few days I had been suffering from a pretty bad cough from a lingering cold. I think the T7 just made it really bad for a few moments. Also, I didn't have any real nausea at all (I have never had nausea on any of my T7 experiences). I just felt like I had been gang-raped by a shitload of psychedelics. 

Finally, after the coughing subsided somewhat, I dried off and stumbled upstairs to lay down on my bed for awhile to try to recover (~T+40 mins). When I finally got there, I just collapsed (still completely naked), as I was completely exhausted already. My room was pretty cold, but I didn't even notice it at all, as I just began to breathe slowly and try to relax a bit. My head was still swirling crazily, touch, sound, and sight were all beginning to blend together a little, but in a far different way than before... this time much more distorting, bending, and swirling, where before the visuals were more warm melding of the crystally-clear LSD visuals. I finally began to relax and enjoy the trip, and I lay there for a long time, closed-eyed, completely naked, enjoying myself.

Once I finally recovered from all this (~T+1 hour), I got up and began walking around, lighting candles and the like, going downstairs and putting on some music. I felt *extremely* refreshed, more-so than I can remember in the recent past. I felt like I totally understood the week-long fasting of the Native Americans before eating peyote buttons, puking for hours, and finally tripping. I turned on some Bjork Isobel (Deodato Mix) to dance to for a while, exercising my crazy aliveness feeling, feeling the carpet and rug beneath my toes, before I calmed down a bit, practiced a few handstands, and began some yoga. Wow. I hadn't tried yoga yet on 2C-T-7 (just some stretching), but it was *wonderful*. Handstands were extremely pleasurable, the trick being to completely relax myself while in the air. I continued to listen to some softer music and relax and stretch, after a while taking a break to hang out with our cat. Eventually, I ended up trying out the visuals at this level by going back to my room, lying down on my bed, closing my eyes, and waiting, waiting, waiting, relaxing, until the visuals came. And they did, but were much influenced by my thoughts. I had some things to work over in my head, which were much the reason for this journey. I only had time for a short, intense trip... but the trip ended up lasting about 8 hours, and overall was a very pleasant journey.

It was fun, and interesting to experience the angry psychedelic gods tearing my body apart for my disrespect, which ultimately resulted in me feeling very cleansed... but I wouldn't repeat the experience. I've taken 40 mg orally before, and this trip was stronger, though not by much, so I would estimate I only felt the effects of about 10-15 mg (as the rest I snorted out in the shower). I definitely *do not* recommend this experience to anyone, as the trauma to the body was severe indeed.