The purpose of this is to give unbiased facts on my experience with red rock opium. My experience in drugs involve pot, alcohol, lsd, cocaine, shrooms, dxm, codeine, hydrocodone, nitrous, adderall, salvia, diazepam, and various misc drugs. It should also be noted that prior to this I had taken a small dose of adderall (do not have ADD to my knowledge), although this does not have mental effects for me, it is possible that this has effected my results.

Yesterday I was informed by a friend that he could get some hash from one of his good friends, who I also knew. Upon calling him up we were informed that he no longer had the hash but was selling opium for $15 a gram. Since I already decided I wanted to try opium I said yes to this offer. 

The 'opium' I received was brownish red in color, shiny, and hard. I was instructed to put it on top of a bowl of pot and smoke it like that. Because I like trying drugs without any other drugs in effect, I wanted to put a small piece of aluminum foil at the bottom of the bowl as a screen. I was convinced otherwise by a friend who dislikes the idea of inhaling aluminum oxide from burning aluminum.

So we smoked the opium with a very small amount of pot at the bottom of the bowl(small enough amount to prevent me from being high on the weed). So I sparked up, and the crushed up 'opium' instantly melted and boiled releasing a definite sweet smell(not flowery). After my second hit I started feeling a definite mild buzz. The third hit is when it really kicked in.

It should be noted the next part could be biased due to the fact that at the time I still believed it to be real opium and placebo's are always possible.

The high felt very distantly like a marijuana high. It was more euphoria, and I noticed that I felt *extremely* talkative. This was the exact opposite of what I expected from opium. Everyone else I smoked this stuff with claimed they either felt it a little of hardly felt it at all. I seemed to be the only one who was feeling it, and for me it was definitely there and definitely noticeable. So we continued smoking more, except putting more pot and less 'opium' in the bowl, due to a lot of hardened material clogging the bowl. After the next bowl everyone else said they definitely felt it(possibly from the pot), and the majority said they felt like they smoked pot but had definite noticeable effects that were different.

Today I got online and saw something about red rock opium. I read that 'red rock opium' is the same as what I bought based on: color, texture, smell, hardness, effect from lighting, and overall look. It also said that this isn't real opium and does not have any noticeable effect. I no longer know what to think about this because I had definite effects from the first bowl with a very small amount of pot, many of which were different than just smoking pot. It is however, possible I was having placebo effects along with being high from the marijuana, however I personally find this unlikely.