For weeks I have been trying to get my hands on some acid or some shrooms (neither of which have I had the pleasure of trying) and I was getting frustrated with my dealers from whom I had been promised both substances. I have been a long time pothead, drink quite frequently and tuss every once in a while so besides the tuss I have had no experience with hallucinogens. Since I was frustrated about not getting to experience the exciting and pleasurable trips my friends always raved about and since I had been detained by my parents for the night I decided I'd get as fucked up as I could. My dad rented movies and I figured this would be a decent time to do it. I had been reading about benadryl and how it makes people see people that aren't really there and other crazy visuals like that so I was a bit wary to try it in front of my parents but I figured what the hell and just limited my dose. Here's how it went:

(T+0:00) Popped five of the 25 mg pills, went down to begin watching the first movie, Envy, with Ben Stiller and Jack Black which I figured must be hilarious.

(T+0:20) Feeling nothing yet and since this movie sucks I decided to go pop a few more of the pills considering that I was way under a hallucinogenic dose and needed something more to make this night fun. Popped three more pills.

(T+0:40) Beginning to feel a real heaviness about my whole body. I had read that benadryl makes people extremely tired so I decided to pop a few caffeine pills as well - good idea as I would have passed out early if I hadn't have done this.

(T+1:00) Still just feeling really heavy, but no visuals. Kind of disappointing so I go to pop a few more. Pop two more pills and join the 'rents back in the basement.

(T+1:30) Nothing much different until now. I'm reeeaaalllly fucked up. Whenever I move myself on the couch it takes great force to move even the smallest distance. My coordination is absolutely shot to shit. I feel really drunk and stoned yet much heavier and without the euphoria of being high. I feel like I have moved to another planet where gravity is about ten times as strong as on Earth. Picking up my glass of water on a table about only a foot and a half away is very difficult. I had to focus all of my energy on this task. It was actually quite interesting to move as the effects of this drug felt greatly intensified with all movement, I was having a good time although the movie was absolutely horrible.

(T+1:50) That God awful movie is over. I have to put in the next one and this requires quite a bit of movement, in front of my parents nonetheless. I am able to concentrate enough to counteract the wooziness, but I feel like I am in a funhouse and everything is teetering from side to side. Everything has taken on a look somewhat like tuss, but more pleasurable, more plastic like. The next movie is The Punisher. Kick-Ass. All the explosions and loud noises make me quite happy. In fact I get really uncomfortable when they are not happening. I feel like the gravity has increased a notch, but I have to go to the bathroom so I attempt going up the stairs. Very difficult. I stumble around the walls and I feel like I am kind of flying but can still see my body stumbling around, a mini out of body experience

This continued on throughout the night (The Punisher was awesome) and allowed me quite a few cool visuals but no hallucinations. Colors looked much more vivid and the body buzz was incredible. I hope to try this again with a higher dose so that I really do trip and see cool things.