Supplements with Amphetamines

Amphetamines (Adderall), Caffeine, N-Acetyl L-Tyrosine, Phenylalanine & Vinpocetine

I am currently a nootropic experimenter and have been searching for some time for a legal substance/supplement that will strengthen or give the same effects as prescription amphetamines (adderall, ritalin, dexedrine). Needless to say this search can be frustrating and expensive for the very curious about over-the-counter stimulants. This report is of my experiments during the school year and cuts my long experiences with these supplements down to a useful and readable guide to those interested in stimulating the mind. I hope those who read this account find it beneficial not only for having fun but also to reach your brain's full capacity and functionality.

The setting: 6:00 am, my mindset: tired and unmotivated. I remember the supplements I set out the night before and prepare an egg breakfast. Pausing in between bites I first take 30 mg of adderall, then 200 mg caffeine. The next supplement I take may need a little explanation, N-Acetyl L-Tyrosine is the same as the amino acid tyrosine, however it has an acetyl group added in order to be more rapidly absorbed and therefore cross the blood brain barrier much more easily. 

Next supplement I take is phenylalanine, a pre-cursor of tyrosine and mood-potentiating neurotransmitters. Lastly, I take Vinpocetine; a supplement meant for people recovering from strokes but is hypothesized to increase oxygen flow to an otherwise healthy brain. 

I head out the door and start walking to school with headphones on. I feel a little gastro-intestinal discomfort but nothing significantly uncomfortable. First hour is math class in which I sit at my desk and start to feel a tingling sensation in the back of my head, as if neurons had just been awakened. As the teacher writes math problems on the board, I quickly take notes down on everything she writes, and even get upset that she is going to slowly and begin eagerly raising my hand for questions she asks to kids who are sleeping. 

The rest of the school day was somewhat similar to the latter. I felt overall feelings of mental superiority and felt as if no one could keep up with me. 

My conclusion is that Adderall can very well be highly strengthened by natural, legal supplements and the reason is quite clear. What amphetamines do is preserve and inhibit reuptake of the neurotransmitters dopamine, norepinephrine, and epinephrine. As already mentioned, N-Acetyl L-Tyrosine can be rapidly absorbed into the brain. Once the blood brain barrier is crossed tyrosine has the potential to be converted to: L-Dopa -> dopamine -> norepinephrine -> epinephrine -> noradrenalin -> adrenalin.  However, for this entire conversion to take place, the correct enzymes must be present which can create many different levels of all of the mentioned neurotransmitters. I strongly recommend N-Acetyl L-Tyrosine, simply because it is like refueling your neurotransmitters so more can be used by the stimulant, thereby creating its own stimulatory effect. 

As always, supplements should not be taken if you have a disease or disorder that could result in a bad reaction. Anyone on psychoactive medication, especially MAOI inhibiters should not mess around with altering neurotransmitter levels. People who are phenylketonurics should NEVER supplement with phenylalanine. Those with high blood pressure should be aware of the adrenalin potential in tyrosine. 

There is so much more I would like to say, but I do not want to take more of this generous space granted to me. <!--Thank you for reading this report; I hope you found it useful. I hope to write another report on some of the less well-known smart drugs in the 'smart drugs' section. -->I will continue to experiment and post my experience with various mind-enhancing supplements. Remember, you hold the potential for using more of your brain than the average human, rise above the rest.