Pretrip Preparations: 
This is my first time trying 5-Meo-Amt. I've read lots of good and bad trip reports on this substance, and came to the conclusion the only way I'd find out if its worth trying is to actually try it. To help eliminate the nausea and sickness associated with this drug I fasted for 24 hours prior to ingestion. I also took 100mg of dramamine. I disolved 100mg of the chemical in what ended up being about 55ml of ethanol. 

The Trip:

T: 0:00 Take one teaspoon of the ethanol which is about a 9mg dose.

T: 0:30 Can start to feel threshold effects of the chemical. Get a slight head buzz and feel a little speedy, mild visuals. No nausea or sickness whatsoever.

T: 2:00 Still only at threshold effects, can feel this drug still trying to make me get the shits and vomit even though there is nothing in my stomach or bowels to throwup, still no nausea or sickness. I decide to take another 9mg dose since I am barely feeling anything now on this chemical.

T: 2:30 Can start to feel the second dose kick in smoke my last bowl of MJ, this enhances the effects but only a little.

T: 3:00 Second dose is kicking in full swing, visuals only start to materialize and then quickly fade away. I'll like see the tv melting and then in the blink of an eye be back to normal. This drug is a psychedelic tease, I start to trip hard and then it goes away right away. Its like being sober and tripping at the same time.

T: 4:00 Decide to smoke a bowl of 5X salvia and am considering doses again being trip isn't that intense. After smoking salvia I find that not only does Meo-amt not potentiate salvia but actually fights the salvia trip and takes it away. It was weird I would start getting mad visuals and the meo-amt would turn the visuals back into reality. It is acting almost like a anti trip. It teases me with the beginning onset of a strong trip and then takes it away just as fast. 

T: 4:30 I am now swiching to 20X salvia in an effort to try to overpower the anti-trip effects of meo-amt, BAD MISTAKE!!!! The salvia trip came on stronger then ever but Alpha-O was right there to FIGHT it and force it back into reality while at the same time the salvia was fighting hard to maintain the trip Alpha-O was cancelling out. I was mindfucked beyond imagination as Alpha-0 basically beat the shit out of my Salvia trip, and temporalily put me in a state of hellish non existence. What happened was like what could not be, tripping most intensly yet not at all at the same time! It was like tripping and not tripping were the same thing, existence and non existence was the same thing. It was really weird. I got a really bad headache and felt PHYSICAL pain from the immense struggle between Salvia and Alpha-O. These drugs do not mix at all NEVER mix them together.

T: 7:00 I am starting to come down on Alpha-O thank god, this drug sucks in small doses, the stuff I got was obviously much weaker or less pure than it was suppose to be, being I took 18mg and was at a ++ and then down to a + for most of the trip. I am getting bored with this chemical as all it does for me at this dose is tease me with visuals and insights that quickly disappear. I am trying to sleep but can't but find the half awake half asleep state better than being awake on this drug as time goes by faster.

Conclusion:

Next time I think I'll try 30mg of this chemical as the stuff I got is weak, I would never recommend that dose to anyone without testing it at a small dose first. I also would never mix this drug with other psychedelics of any kind being my experience with salvia, it seems to cancel out the effects anyways. This is NOT a recreation drug but does offer some interesting views of the world.