I found that low doses of marajuana and salvia are useful in recapitulation of my life.  I mixed one dimebag of marajuana with a quarter ounce of 1x salvia divinorum.  I smoked aproximately 6 bowls over a 6 hour period.  The marajuana high seems to become much more grounded with even 1x salvia.  After many hours I realized I could experience a scene in many different ways.  I could recap a direct event that happened in my past, I could experience the very strange trip realm of quasi-imagery and non-sensical speech, often times of different languages.  Or I could have a personal fantasy of a possible future.  What seemed to be most energetically consuming was to reflect on any one of these events taken place in the moment to moment.

I felt that personal fantasy was only creating evil karma within myself and I was reminded of the importance of proper intention before commiting oneself to a trip.  After many hours of this, I had a moment of fear, so absurd for sure.  But the fear became a direct obstacle to digging any deeper and relinquishing control.  I feel this mixture is good for very subtle work, however Salvia alone is great for dissolution of the self.

I realized it was getting way too late, around 2:30, and I should start to conserve myself.  I finally decide to go into a dark meditation with the use of my monochord.  I had avoided direct 'samadhi' meditation until now, although my mood was one of quieting the mind from the beginning.  As I started to turn off for the night the single pitch droning from my monochord created heavenly overtones.  It seemed the salvia forced me to focus on the fundamental (the gross pitch). The overtones became oscillating visuals.  This reminded me of a vision I had years ago where I seen a single pitch represented visually and past and future were unfolding from this present moment represented by the single pitch.  Although it was very late my body felt strong, no doubt from tuning myself up with, what Casteneda calls the energy body, through recapitulation.