Last night I had an amazing dream…   I had a chance to prepare a sacred brew using 
B. caapi and mimosa root bark.    It was prepared with a lot of care and thought which I believe is the most important part.  

It started out by grinding approximately 15g. mimosa root bark into a very fine powder and then adding it to approximately 1 and ½ cup of water/lemon juice.  I let that sit for three days shaking it occasionally.  Approximately 15g. of B. caapi. was pulverized and placed into a Pyrex dish with 2 cups of water/lemon.  The mimosa mixture was then strained and filtered several times through coffee filters.  The remaining pulp was added to the Caapi mixture.  This was then boiled for a few hours while adding water then it was strained and the pulp boiled two more timed.  The remaining liquid was boiled down to 200 mi.  On the day of the dream 3.5g. Syrian rue seeds were placed into a coffee grinder and powdered.  

The Rue was taken raw, as in down the hatch, chased by orange juice.  One hour later the B. Cappi / Mimosa mixture # 1 was taken and 20 minutes later I wrenched horribly and violently.  After regaining my senses I took 2 Tums as to lessen the nausea.  Now it was time for very potent mimosa tea I had set aside at first.  I had a feeling this was going to send me over the edge, as I was already feeling slightly dimensional from the first drink and purge.  I decided to take half of what I had prepared.  It was now about 20 minutes after I drank it when I began to feel the nausea.  I was trying to hold it down and really take it in when the voices began to become very loud.  I knew this was it I was going to have my eyes opened… but only if I could get past my ego.  One entity (a very holy one) was telling me to "just puke…  let it out.. come on it's easy and you'll feel so much better.  I still refused, trying to be some kind of phyconaught warrior.   Yeah right.  Up it came.  I barely had time to make it to the bathroom, but I did.  And when I was rinsing my mouth out the entity was visual now and telling me I should apologize and then forgive myself.  I did so without a fight because at this point my ego was no longer existent and I had no reason to struggle, because now I understood the nature of the illusion.  

I went to lie down and as soon as I turned off the light.  BOOM!  I was in dream world and talking with all kinds of peoples and things, it didn't matter if my eyes were opened of shut the same thing was there.  I was told many things about the nature of reality and free will and how nothing really matters except love because it is the only truth.  Everything else is only a mater of perspective.  I found myself knowing I could no longer be trapped in the loss of decision as long as I just took action.  I could do anything in this dream.  I wanted to be smoking and boom I was at a lake hanging out with deities smoking a hand rolled cigarette??? It was very real. This dream went on in real time for about an hour, but in dreamtime it was days.  One thing that was very outstanding was the entities kept telling me not to forget.  Everyone has forgotten how to step into this dream world and it is possible to do this every night in sleep with practice.  They said we are filled with dmt and it is in our brain and we can dream and learn and teach… All of us can, and to not forget this.  So here it is all written down so I wont forget.  This was a very intense and important experience and I hope to keep dreaming.