The following took place at my friends house, a setting that makes me feel very comfortable.  We were in his basement, and knew we wouldn't be disturbed for a couple of hours. I loaded my bowl about half full with 5x extract, went to the basement door, and in about three inhalations sucked it all down.  I had a strong urge to cough, but was able to hold the smoke in.  While I stood there, I realized that some of the features on the wall a few feet in front of me formed a cartoon face.  Alarmed at this, I promptly exhaled.  What happened next is fuzzy.

I moved away from the door, and laid/fell back into a bowl shaped chair I had dragged into the room earlier.  As this was happening, I noticed a bright spot in the middle of my vision.  It resembled very closely the spots I see when I push on my closed eyelids.  I'm not sure if I closed my eyes at this point, but the next thing I remember is seeing the spot becoming more angular and getting bigger.  I must've blanked out eventually, because there is a gap in my memory after this.

The next thing I remember is a feeling unlike any I have ever had before.  Physically, I had my head thrown back over the edge of the chair so that it was hanging upside down, and my feet hanging over the other edge.  I was laughing hysterically, but at first I didn't realize this.  As far as I was concerned, my body had no recognizable form.  I could feel myself laughing, but it didn't register as that, but just sort of blended into the soup of stimuli my mind was receiving.  I was also able to see the room I was in, but it seemed as though it was spinning around in front of my face, with everything blurred out of recognition.  As I came into this state, I felt as though I had been involved in a deep conversation, or deep thought, for a long time.

At some point, I realized what was going on.  From this point on, my thoughts seemed to be quite clear and rational to me, although I realize now that they weren't.  I felt as though my sober mind was trapped within me, and unable to take control.  I looked over at my two friends who were watching over me, and tried to convey to them how far gone I was.  I then went into another fit of laughter that brought me to tears.  The entire time I was trying to stop myself, without success.  Eventually I was able to stand up, at which point I realized that the physical sensations I normally experience from salvia were so strong in some places that it hurt.  These sensations can best be described as a dull, tingling pressure being applied a few inches under the skin.  The effects of the salvia gradually faded away, and although they were never completely gone until I went to sleep, I felt safe to drive about 45 minutes after first smoking.

I'm pretty disappointed with this experience, and salvia in general.  I've heard many stories of crazy visions while under the influence, but I haven't experienced anything close to what I'd call visionary.  This may be because of the relatively low doses I've been using, but I'd be reluctant to go further, mainly because of the painful physical sensations I've experienced.  I'd be interested in knowing if anyone else has experienced this.