I had taken a long break from any major drug use besides marijuana, which is a difficult habit for me to break, until a group of out-of-town friends came to my city for New Years a few days ago.  I had been feeling restless, though, and ready to get crazy.  I'd thought that they were going to be bringing cocaine, but instead they brought heroin and ecstacy.

I have smoked heroin a number of times before, and although it was always mildly enjoyable I was never very impressed with it.  These friends also brought a big box of syringes, so I decided that I would try injecting it - hell, it was New Years Eve, why not?  I had about 15 people over at my house, but three of us quietly slipped away to another room.  My friend C. knew that I had never shot up before, so he cooked up what he promised was a light dose for my size.  Based on the total weight of the package we had, I would estimate that it was between 75-150mg of black tar heroin - which probably doesn't help much as far as figuring out the actual amount I took because I've heard that that type is not very pure.  He stuck me in the vein, and slowly pushed the plunger down, telling me to let him know when I wanted him to stop.  At about the 3/4 mark, I got a sudden rush of very intense euphoria, accompanied by a whiteness around the edges of my vision that made me feel like I was going to faint.  I had him stop there for a moment, and laid back on a beanbag with a big, stupid grin on my face.  It reminded me of when I was a little kid and I used to pile up warm laundry from the dryer and snuggle up in it; I felt warm, safe, and content.

I waited a few minutes, then asked C. for the rest of the syringe, which he gave me.  We sat around for about 20 minutes just enjoying it, and here comes the scary part: I already wanted more at that point.  C. loaded up another syringe for me with the admonition 'Trust me, don't get hooked on this stuff'.  This time I took the whole dose at once, and by that time I was so high I could barely walk.  We staggered out to the rest of the party, where (surprise surprise) they were in the process of dividing up a gram and a half of powder MDMA.  

Mostly when people talked to me all I could do in response at this point was grin and chuckle at them, but I did manage to get ahold of some the ecstacy.  I insufflated a dose of approximately 75mg, and it took hold almost instantly.  The combination of the ecstacy and the heroin was wonderful; with the heroin alone, I was having trouble moving around at any kind of normal pace, and was having a bit of trouble staying all the way conscious.  However, the ecstacy woke me back up and gave me energy, but the heroin kept it from making me jittery as I often get when I take ecstacy.  I kind of shuffled around for a while, hugging and kissing people that I barely knew and generally having a good time.  

We had been planning on going out to a rave later that night, so we called for three taxis to take everyone there; however, the taxis came one at a time, and the third one didn't come until about 2 1/2 hours after we called it.  Since it was my house, I sort of had to wait for the last one so I could clear everyone out, so in the meantime a group of sat around my coffee table taking hits of nitrous.  The nitrous added the perfect touch to the experience, and every time I took a hit I would just let my head flop back and start to giggle, totally unaware of my surroundings.  

I had a great time and I don't regret it.  Although I had a great time, I did have some unpleasant effects when I started coming down; as we were taking a taxi back from the bar we ended up going to, I had to have the driver pull over so I could projectile vomit into the gutter.  I threw up several more times, which is not surprising because both ecstacy and opiates have the tendency to make me feel sick to my stomach.  I had also imbibed a bottle of Night Train earlier, before any of the drugs.  Puking did not particularly bother or concern me, however, and only detracted a tiny bit from my good time.

What worries me is that I flat-out wanted MORE, I wanted to feel that rush again, and when C. told me the next day that it was gone I received the news with an odd mixture of disappointment and relief.  In the end my sane, rational side won out, and I am glad that there was no more.  It's something that I will definitely be saving for isolated special occasions; it feels SO good, and it would be very easy to make it a habit.