Following experimentation with Salvia, I have come to several conclusions regarding the unique psychedelic.  After having experienced Salvia a number of times in two forms, I can safely say that it has without a doubt produced three of the most intense experience of my life.  When smoking the leaf in its natural state, it is quite difficult to achieve full blown effects.  My major experience with the leaf required that I smoked three bowls of it.  Even after smoking three bowls, I still didn't have anywhere near the level of experience that I encountered when experimenting with the extract.  Aesthetic appreciation was apparent at the level of consciousness induced by the leaf, however any full blown experience (my latter ones) would dissociate me from my surroundings enough where music would be pointless.  In the absence of cannabis, a group of friends and I loaded a bowl of Salvia and passed it around a fairly large circle.  In this manner a good hit was consumed on an average of every 2-3 minutes.  The experience of taking spaced out hits of the leaf over a longer period of time proved both beneficial and worthwhile.  

The intoxication brought on by this method of smoking was pleasant, euphoric, and satisfyingly stoning.  I think that smoking the natural leaf in this way clearly has therapeutic potential.  The natural leaf only accessed the lower realms of Salvia experience, yet still proved interesting and unique.  The 10x extract on the other hand, was extremely potent and created full blown experiences of infinite intensity.  These experiences included time/space travel, major and all encompassing hallucinations, out of body experiences, extreme dissociation, time obliteration, complete loss of cognitive functioning, and feelings ranging from euphoria to utter terror.  The experiences achieved from smoking the extract varied greatly from time to time.  I find that it is actually very hard to integrate individual experiences due to the wide range of foreign feelings that accompany them.  One time I witnessed my room turn into a city street and the time after that experienced my whole essence twisting around an alien apparatus!  I rest my case.  

The differences in experience however, is what makes Salvia so unique, unpredictable, and fresh.  When one ventures on a journey involving the extract, one may expect a smorgasbord of crazy effects.  These effects however cannot possibly be predicted beforehand.  Most other psychedelics can be extremely intense, yet usually have a more predictable course of action.  La Pastora demands the ultimate respect.  The Salvia experience can be quite earth shattering to say the least.  The experiences felt easily contain the power to make one think long and hard about life, our place here, and its meaning.   To think about the fundamental behaviors in our own lives.  To realize that we can always change our undesirable personality traits.  The "Plant Teacher" is just that; a teacher, and she preaches to us that life is complex in every dimension, both beautiful and terrible, but always worth living.