Before I write what I am going to write here I will give a little background about myself. I have been using drugs for roughyly 10 yrs now and I've been using Research Chemicals in particular for about 6 years with the most of my personal research being done with AMT, 5-meo-AMT, 5meo-DiPT, 5-MeO-MiPT, 2C-E, 2C-I, 5-MeO-DMT, 4-Ho-MiPT, 4-AcO-MiPT with many others in between. Throughout time I've been able to pick each of these well known friends of mine apart; as far as characteristics go, including duration, routes of ingestion, body load, appetite, sleep afterwards, nausea, differences in visual patterns/effects, touching of the soul, ego disturbance/loss, etc. 

As of recently I had obtained what I was told to be 100mg of 4-Aco-MiPT (dont have a scale). It looked like alot more (which the quantities always do from this good fellow) and I got ALOT of trips out of it). I'm glad I made this choice with this chemical. Being there is almost NO research done on it, I was hesitant to purchase it, but then I looked @ it from another light, and I felt that gave me more reason to research Miprocetin. I unburied a beautiful treasure. Out of all the research chemicals I have tried in my day this has got to be my favorite and made the most impact on me. I tried it at many many doses that I was guessing to be 2-40mg (like I said above, no way to b sure on this but I'm a master eyeballer) insuflated, orally and rectally. All routes seemed to work about as well as each other. I found oral to b the most sensible with this drug as insuflated burns and rectally,....well its rectally.  Booger sugar style is good for booster dosing tho, aside from the burn. 

With oral ingestion, the onset never seemed to b consistant, even with empty stomach. Sometimes I would b feeling it within 10min, sometimes it took up to an hour. Although of course some of this could b placebo affect of course. Coming up is a bit rapid and hectic and can involve some shakes and anxiety, but once I get to the top I feel at one with myself and everything around me. I can look just as deeply into myself as I can my surrounding. Some drugs I find limit me towards one or the other. With this drug I have gained more personal insight than with any other drug. Very therapeutic and also very recreational. I found smaller doses of this were nice to be with a few good friends, or even sometimes a party. It opened me up socially (which I have been having troubles with) and broke down many walls in and around me. It brought me out of a deep depression and deep amphetamine addiction and showed me so many things that I had blinded myself to. There are no words to describe the beauty and amazement this drug holds. 

Peak affects of this drug have lasted me anywhere from 2-8hrs, (~5-10mg=2-4hrs. Anything above 10mg can take u anywhere from 4-8hrs. [boosting can also lead to longer duration, of course]) and then from there the comedown is smooth and short and sleep is good. Next day feels non-hungover, but with a nice lite afterglow that can keep my spirit feeling fresh!  I have noticed little to no body load on this drug, even with heavy doses and what I might call binge using. tehehe

P.S. 4-Ho-MiPT and 4-AcO-MiPT are not as similar IMO as many have said. But thats another story, another post...
g-day