I few weeks ago I was given a small white pill I was told was methadone. Along with this small pharmaceutical nugget I was given one piece of advice. 'Only take half'. It was a Friday night which also happened to be my birthday, but this birthday I planned to take it easy, after all theres not much to celebrate about turning 26. After going out to dinner accompanied by 2 pints of Fat Tire (beer). Me and my girlfriend headed home to watch some movies. I decide to eat about a gram of some very potent mushrooms and smoke a pretty obscene amount of weed.

After enjoying my mushroom ride it was nearing 2:00 am, my girlfriend had passed out long ago and I was ready for some sleep myself. The thought of a tiny white tablet sealed in an envelope labeled methadone crept into my head. Sure I didn't know anything about it save the fact that it is given to heroin addicts to ease withdraw symptoms. I figured it would be like a potent xanax or something like vicodin, something with that opiate feel. That would bring sleep. I ate half as instructed and climbed into bed.

About three hours later I was pretty unimpressed and couldn't really feel anything except the waning after effects of the shrooms. I figured, again wrongly, that methadone couldn't last more that eight hours and halfway through I didn't feel much. Time to eat the other half. Shortly after, I'd guess 20 minutes but I can't be sure because of the still diminishing mushroom fog, I began to feel warm and sleepy and soon drifted off to sleep.

I woke often through the next day feeling strange but somehow very comfortable in my bed. I would wake snuggle back into my quilts and pass back out contented and peaceful only to repeat it about 20 minutes later. This lasted for about 11 hours and was very pleasant, My bed was incredibly warm and soft. When I finally tried to get out of bed (reluctantly)later that evening I almost fell on my face then stumbled across the room.

'What the hell?' I thought 'I'm trashed!' This slightly alarmed me since I wasn't expecting this at all. I also had a slight headache that rested in the back of my head and a general hungover feeling through out my body. It's hard to explain. I was doped but there was no euphoria to accompany it. It was, to be blunt, a pretty damn annoying feeling. I decided to look up methadone online, which I briefly considered doing the night before, and should have (damn myself). I discovered that I would get to spend the whole day recovering from the funk I had fallen into as the methadone would be slung over my shoulders for 24 hours. Thankfully I had slept through at least half of it, but couldn't have any fun the whole next night. Three beers and all the chronic I could smoke couldn't bust through that funky methadone shell. That crappy hangover feeling permeated me all night. Methadone sucks as a recreational drug. There's no redeeming qualities to this experience.