O.k. so it all starts with me browsing looking at Datura trip reports. I noticed that a good number of people have been taking nutmeg preparations. I thought shit it must have some effect for people to try it. Anyways I go to look up info on dosage and what not but my browser sux and decided to quit cooperating. Well I went to my moms spice rack and grabbed her bottle of whole nutmeg. I then proceeded to crush it all up and ended up with between 1/4-1/2 oz of crushed material. Leaning in the 1/2 oz direction.

So I go and take the nutmeg and cover it in lemon juice. Then I fill the rest of the glass up with water, nuked it, and let it sit for a while. At this point a batch of iced coffee I had put on was ready. I drank it and then made an iced drink with the filtered nutmeg preparation. Then I made another batch with the original nutmeg. I chugged the drink and it didn't taste too bad. I started another batch of coffee and went to go record what I had done so far. This was all accomplished by 10:13 p.m.

It started coming on relatively fast for me to feel something. The harder effects didn't start until about 10:40 when I drank the second preparation. I then made iced coffee and started the third preparation. (Once again I am using the same material in every preparation) Anyways though at this point I am feeling slightly nauseous so I decided to smoke some herb. Not very good herb, but you can't always get what you want right?

So I proceed to enjoy some herb and my coffee drink, afterwards it really kicked in, or at least more so. At this point I would describe feeling no sense of time what so ever and a hypnotic/disassociated feeling. (Good shit) I then ate 2800mg of St. John's Wort extract. I normally experience mood elevation off of my daily 300mg and wanted to experiment.

So about 12am I 'come back' enough to go drink my final concoction. I then smoked another bowl and meditated. The meditation was very easy to get into. It wasn't as heightened as meditation on acid/shrooms/mescaline/etc would be but it was good. It all lasted until about 4am. It wasn't incredibly hardcore or anything, but it was well worth the effort.

Tonight I'm going to throw some kava kava into the blend. I would definitely like to try this in combination with more powerful sacraments. All in all I'd say that from 1-10 10 being the best I'd give it a 5. I am an adamant user of psychedelics so it's not like I don't have anything more powerful to compare it to. I just wish some info were known about using it with MAOI's as I think it might be an interesting Ayahuasca additive. See you in wonderland people.