A friend of mine was home from college for the weekend and told me how he had tripped on over-the-counter allergy pills. I didn't believe him, but I still agreed to try it. We went to the local 24-hour supermarket and picked up a box of 100 gelcaps, each of which contained 25 mg of diphenhydramine.

Anyway, we soon arrived back at my house, and I was very happy to find that my parents were asleep. With the coast clear, we each popped 24 pills and settled down to watch a movie.

After about an hour, I began to feel somewhat stoned, sort of like I had just taken a hit or two from mid-grade marijuana. I grew bored with the movie and decided I'd get up and get something to drink. As I stood up, I felt as if my legs were being weighed down by a hundred pounds of cement. Walking was somewhat difficult, and more than once I nearly fell on my ass. I decided I'd rather sit down than get a drink, and so my friend and I plopped down on the couch.

With the TV off, we sat in near silence. I tried to initiate a conversation, but kept forgetting what I was trying to say in mid-sentence. My friend simply stared into space and occasionally nodded.

A few minutes after we had sat down on the couch, the good part began. I began to see a small number of rather mild open-eye hallucinations. When I looked at a particular houseplant in the corner of the room, I would see cone-shaped flashes of grayish light shooting out of it, which immediately disappeared. I saw what appeared to be flies buzzing around the room, but they too disappeared. As I looked at the ceiling, it began to flow towards me as if it were a liquid. Other objects in the room would seem to either twitch or jiggle.

Eventually, we both went upstairs to my room. Soon enough my friend had fallen asleep. The odd part was that I would see him standing over by the door, fully awake, even as he was lying on the floor asleep. I tried to talk to him, but he too disappeared. I even saw my cat lying on the bed, and went over to pet him, only to see him disappear too.

At some point in the night I fell asleep, and when I woke up around two in the afternoon, I found myself still feeling the physical effects (drowsiness, lethargy, weakness, etc.). It is now five o'clock and I still feel them.

All in all, it was an interesting experiment, but the extended hangover is a serious drawback. Although the experience was somewhat enjoyable, the sluggish and half-dead feeling it causes the next day makes it more trouble than its worth.