After some recent negative ingestion experiences with psychedelic booze (40mg/ml pure DXM hbr suspended in vodka), I decided to try a new idea: DXM jello shots. That provided mixed results, in that it was a little easier to choke down, but I still vomited briskly at +0:45, something that has happened every single time I've used psychedelic booze. Even with regular max stregth tussin I've only vomited once or twice. I went so far as to avoid DXM use at all, simply because the physical discomfort overshadowed any insight gained during the trip.

A few nights ago I decided to try yet another method to celebrate the return of my two guitars (they were 'in the shop' for various reasons). Now, anyone into the more classical methods of mushroom cultivation (pre-PF Tek) is familiar with agar. It is a seaweed derivative that when dissolved in a liquid, will make it turn into a hardened gel much like 'jello' type gelatin. Agar has the advantage of working much more quickly and setting firmly at room temperarure. When made into jello shots, the psychedelic booze melted a little and still made it difficult to get past my taste buds. Agar provided a breakthrough: no horribly bitter DXM taste, or any aftertaste at all! I'll outline my exact procedure here:

Brought one cup of water to a boil on the stove. Added one tablespoon of agar agar. Dissolved thoroughly as per package directions. Allowed just a little water to evaporate away to compensate for the DXM suspension to be added. [I think it was about 1/8 cup less when I was done.] Poured into tupperware dish and allowed to cool slightly. Added 20ml psychedelic booze, stirred well. Allowed to cool and set firmly (~30 mins).

I spooned the dose [200mg or 1/4 of the resulting 'jello'] into my mouth with a close milk chaser. It was swallowed quickly with minimal contact to the taste buds, and left no taste in my mouth! Anyone who's taken a shot of psychedelic booze or chugged down a 4-oz bottle of max strength tussin can attest to the disgusting aftertaste, resulting in 20+ mins of toothbrushing. With this method I didn't even have to rinse my mouth! Well, on with the report...

-0:45
I took two chewable dramamine 45 minutes prior to dosing in the hope that it might prevent me from vomiting yet again.

+0:00 [10:15pm]
Dosed with 200mg worth of DXM-agar. It went down very smoothly, which gave me a somewhat more optimistic mindset for the trip. I knew just from the dosage it would be a fairly light experience, part of that in keeping with my desire to avoid the awful body-load & puking. I was in my upstairs bathroom during the ingestion, and my room for the remainder of the trip. I had not done any drug for one week prior to this, and then only cannabis for 3+ weeks.

+0:45
Began feeling the first subtle effects of the DXM. It was coming on much slower than ever before. I wondered if that had anything to do with the dramamine I'd taken. Going to get a glass of water my coordination was already impaired, and I was feeling a little giddy. No stomache discomfort yet, or negative body load. I was a bit dizzy, but not unpleasantly so...I am used to the physical effects of DXM.

+2:11
I typed the following in my log: 'Feel so warm , content, happy, can't wipe this damn grin off my face, no puking dramamine is beautiful, mmmmmmmm.' Most of the trip was characterized by how good I felt physically having not thrown up. Also, there was no uncomfortable body-load or 'robo-itch', both of which colored my previous trips disallowing me any valuable insight that could have been gained.

+3:05
My brain began moving past aesthetic pleasures and into more traditionally dissociative philisophical speculation...here the log says, 'inside is out. outside does not exist. here I am. where are you? does it matter? I am alone. hello walls.' I was seeing the reflection of my ceiling super-imposed on my windows from where I was sitting at the computer. I started meditating a bit on the worlds of InDoors and Out, how humans lock themselves up in these cages we call 'buildings'. One of the reasons I like DXM is that it allows me to ponder seemingly negative subjects (I often have a very 'cynical' view of human nature) without becoming too emotionally involved. The dissociative quality allows objectiveness where before it was difficult to acheive. There are no trappings of 'my way' or 'your way'...it is only 'one way' or 'another way'.

+3:20
I got on the subject of death. Suddenly I realized I didn't really believe I was ever going to die. I mean, I've always known *logically* that 'I' am no longer going to be a physical being on this plane someday, and I've even known that most people don't *really* realize their own mortality...but I suddenly realized I had no acquaintence with my own. Ironically, this scared me a little. 'Are you afraid to die?' 'No, I'm afraid I *might* be afraid...I'm not sure...' Pretty funny when you consider it. :) After this I went to bed, enjoying the beginning of my afterglow as the trip subsided and a few last-minute fractals on my eyelids.

I awoke the next morning feeling better than usual, something characteristic of all my DXM trips. The feeling during the trip was one of profound relaxation and lightness, the opposite of the heavy 'drugged' feeling of the past few trips. I can't wait for my next attempt with this agar & dramamine method, so I can try a higher dose and possibly focus more on internal exploits.