The Source
Salvia Divinorum 10x Extract (57mg of Salvinorin A to 1g plant matter)
dose: 1/6th of a gram
July 1st 2005
Level 5/6

To start this trip report off I would like to give a little background about myself and the circumstances leading up to the trip.  I am an 18 year old recent high school graduate.  I am a pretty laid back person.  I don't usually call myself a hippy but that is certainly the way of life I try to live.  On this particular day I woke up in a very good mood, my friend V had a free house for the weekend so we decided that we would be able to finally try Salvia Divinorum.  I had been waiting for about 9 months for an appropriate time to try it.  I purchased the 1 gram of Salvia Divinorum 10x extract from a local headshop about a month earlier.

I would like to state that I had done all my research on Salvia Divinorum prior to this experience and I did indeed have a huge amount of respect for it.  I wanted to reach either a level 3 or 4 on the salvia scale.  We prepared a 'trip room' in V's living room.  I had read that the best method to use Salvia is to smoke out of a water cooled bong with a torch lighter, so we did just that.  My other friend then arrived, we'll call him B, and we started to discuss how we were going to this.  We decided to use 1/6th of a gram, and smoke one at a time so there were always 2 sober sitters to watch the intoxicated person.

I will now explain what happened in my trip, I would like to stress that a Salvia experience cannot accurately be described with words, as it is a completely surreal and almost indescribable experience.  It is a completely different dimension, and all awareness that I am who I am disappeared.  I will use the word 'reality' to describe the normal recognizable atmosphere; I only refer to 'I' or 'myself' as a consciousness not anything with any sort of human or familiar being.

We decided I would indulge first.  I sat down, got comfortable and meditated for a minute or so.  I was feeling slightly nervous, just the feeling of not knowing what to expect.  I raised the bong to my mouth and had V light the bowl.  I took a monstrous hit and held it in for about 25 seconds, and then exhaled.  As soon as I exhaled I felt a strange gravity take hold of me.  I fell backwards and saw trails of myself as I did, this represented the dissociation from my body.  I must have been in a level 6 state for the first 'minute' (I had no perception of time), because I do not remember at all what happened. All of a sudden I was hurled into a new world (dimension?), the blankets on the floor had become geometric patterns of V and B's faces, and they were engulfing me, laughing at me.  There was a landscape all with the same geometric patterns of V and B's faces.

There were two 'roller' type things at the end of the horizon.  The rollers, which also bore my friends faces, were drawing the landscape into a 'source'.  I felt as though I was being pulled towards the source, and this was extremely frightening.  I told them I didn't want to go and I tried to run, but I was being pulled towards the source and there was nothing I could do about it.  I finally managed ran up some sort of 'hill' where I could not be drawn into the source, at this point there was still a slight feeling of gravity pulling me towards the source but I could resist it.  I began to feel tingly and really hot as I was thrust back into my body.  I felt physically and mentally exhausted, but I was back in reality with a minor body high.  The Salvia divinorum afterglow is really something else, even after being scared shitless I felt a tremendous sense of well being, and happiness.

My sober friends told me that after I took the hit I started laughing really hard, I then got up and started yelling jibberish, and then ran up the stairs and said 'I know what your trying to do, don't do it'.  I then sat down and asked for something cold to drink.  I have no recollection of any of those events.

Since the trip I have been contemplating what would happen if I had indeed ventured into 'the source'.  Death? Birth? in the future I plan to venture into Salvia Space once again, hopefully I will find the answer I'm looking for.