It's just past midnight. I am sitting in my room with a warm, fuzzy rush waving gently throughout my body. I am smiling. My mouth is dry, the music is on, and it's the best day of my life. Every single day is.  I work at a grocery store, so I am constantly faced with the public. It's not a bad job, but it's somewhat stressful. I always wanted to feel rested before work so I would take 25mg of Diphenhydramine at night time to sleep.

I have found that the body, over time, builds a fair amount of tolerance to Diphenhydramine and it may require larger doses to feel the same effects. Now, onto my experience with Diphenhydramine  and 5-HTP.

I read up on the internet about the effects of Diphenhydramine. I was slow easing into a recreational dose of it because just the 25mg for sleeping hit me pretty hard.

Eventually, I found my niche in between smaller doses (50mg) and larger doses (250mg [which is a high dose for me]). My niche was at 125mg. It wasn't strong enough for the hallucinations to take over, or the anxiety and uneasiness to be felt as with higher doses. But it was strong enough that I felt it. Oh yes, very much so. 

Orgasms are 100x stronger and more powerful and pleasing.

So, every so often, I found myself taking 125mg of Diphenhydramine and waiting an hour or so for it to kick in, and then I'd beat off and it would be absolutely amazing. I knew when the medicine was coming on when my mouth began to get dry and I began to feel slightly 'spacey' in an apathetic way. I find myself talking to myself a bit, sometimes whispering my ideas out loud to myself. I begin to feel tired and heavy. This is when I know it's time to whip out the lube and go for it.

I somewhat accidentally stumbled upon dosing 5-HTP and diphenhydramine together at the same time. I found that this greatly increases the overall mood and feeling of a trip. It's almost near-ethereal in its blissful apathy. Everything seems good in the world, I feel good about myself. There is no stress whatsoever. Orgasms feel absolutely divine.

Music is also a very important aspect of this. When I listen to music on my 5-HTP/Diphenhydramine combo, it's almost synaesthetic in that I begin to almost feel music as I hear it. I hear things in the music that I hadn't heard before. I'll hear a song that I like and it'll sound 100x better than it ever has.

I can honestly say that I definitely enjoy this very relaxed, happy state of mind and especially the physical effects and how the drugs affect tactile senses. Touching things feels good. Back massages feel good. It's nowhere near the sensation of touch like MDMA, but it still feels good.