Well, I had misunderestimated (to quote george w.) Salvia's mind-fucking potential long ago in 2002 when I had an experience of severe dissapointment from many many many hits of 5x extract and nothing happened (effectswise). So here I am now in this foul year of our lord, Two Thousdand and Three, in which I am presented with a gift of a bowl or so of 10x salvia extract. Still leary of my past experience, I accepted the gift with limited expectations. Well, I get home and load up a decent size bowl of it and exhaust the bowl in several hits, and on the fourth hit or so, a wave of an immense 'Holy Jesus' feeling overtook my brain...

But it was too late, it had already completely took over my mental capacity and limbs...I was all of a sudden stuck in a bizarre time loop scenario of: All movement I made would immediately occur and replay right before my eyes as if it were on a delay loop, or an instant replay. But, I quickly discovered that unless I did something I had not done immediately before (get up, change my surroundings in some way) I would get stuck in a loop of the replays of what I was doing...I'll give an example. I look at my desk, the computer screen, put my hand on the desk, and then I see the exact same thing happen right before my eyes, but am not aware whether I'm doing it or if it's just my mind replaying the memory of doing it. It starts to frighten me because I cannot tell if I really just did something or imagined it. 

I will say that the bizarre immense mindfuck that occured and the strange fear that accompanied it was probably attributed to the fact I was coming into this expecting very little. I wasn't prepared for the craziness of it. yet let me say this, I like it. This is the strangest I have felt and the most dissassociated I have ever been, and thats no small feat coming from someone who has eaten a quarter ounce of mushrooms, had many many many 3rd plateau and up wards DXM trips, etc.<!--Anyway, to anyone doubting the intensity of this drug as I did, prepare to be knocked on your ass.-->

Thanks.