I had been reading a lot about Salvia over the past few months, as well as experimenting with other spiritual herbs. I have found that mixing Cannibis with Damiana, Valerian, and Calamus root or dream herb, along with drinking tea fused of the same, significantly enhances the buzz and experience of just a cannibis high, in this case smoked from a Hooka. The supply company where I purchase my other herbs offers a choice of free samples of certain herbs for purchases over $30.00, one of them being Salvia x5, so I chose that as my free gift.

Two days after a night-time Morning Glory experience, I was mellowed out by the herbal tea fusions and cannibis highs; I decided that I wanted to give Salvia a try and see what all the hype was about. I quickly learned that this was no hype, but one powerful hallucinogen!

I nonchalantly asked my wife, who was just waking up and still groggy, to watch me as I read that it is good to have a sitter present for these experiences; I seriously didn't think that I'd need her but I always try to educate myself as much as possible before experimenting with new experiences / substances. 

Immediately after taking one hit I knew that I was going to go on one hell of a ride. The walls started breathing and the wooden frames around the doorway were streaming as if someone was shaking a rope from one end. I spiraled into another world, where I knew nothing more than a sense of self-existance. For a brief period the world as I knew it was focused on the left-hand side of the room; everything to the right was stationary, that world as dead as a brick wall. At that point I felt nothing in the physical world; I was a spirit traveling in mass space, a world of the intangible. 

I reached a point where even the physical appearance of the room did not exist; I saw nothing but black, except for the outline of my nose. I felt as though I was leaving the physical world and wondered if the reality that I was currently in had been reality all along. I thought about the world I was leaving, my wife, my children, my family, my life that I cherish so much, and how I would ever get back to that world. I thought to myself 'Ah shit, what the fuck did I just do to myself!'. I heard my wife's voice asking, 'Are you ok?'; I didn't respond. I didn't know how. Was I ok? It was difficult to assess at the time. I wasn't in any pain. I was still aware that I existed in some capacity, but I knew that the world that I existed in certainly was not normal, nor was it a place where I wanted to continue to exist for a long period of time. 

I thought for a minute that I was dead, and that I was in the spirit world. I tried to look down at my body but saw nothing but mountains (my legs covered in a Korean blanket), I still had no sense of physical reality. Then all of a sudden I felt my self traveling out of space, back into the physical world. I seemed to travel out of my wife's nostril and back into my physical body. My wife's face finally came into focus, and for the first time since taking the hit I was aware of my physical and not just spiritual existance. Again she asked if I was ok, I just smiled and said, 'You're here!!'; 'You're here and I'm still alive, and that is a beautiful thing!!' We held each other and she told me how much I scared the shit out of her. I felt a new appreciation to be alive and enjoy the physical world that we live in, to be able to hold my wife and children!! 

My wife told me that during the experience I was convulsing and she was afraid that I was going into shock; she had a hold of my hand and my body went cold during the experience. I myself knew that where the physical world was concerned, I was in deep shit. I finally understand what an 'out-of-body' experience is - all loss of the physical world and knowing nothing more than a state of existance, a state of being. 

For anybody looking for a shroom or LSD trip, Salvia may not be for you. This is one potent hallucinogen. It's not something that would likely be enjoyable recreationally or in a group. It is an intense spiritual experience. I read an account of another Salvia experience where the individual compared the experience to being 'right up there with birth and death'; I would have to agree. I have taken LSD approx 30 times in all of my life, and I've also experimented with Shrooms, Exctasy and Morning Glory seeds, but nothing compares to the world that Salvia introduced me to. Is it something I will do again; perhaps, but definitely not something that I want to make a habit of. It gave me a better appreciation of life and the physical world and its pleasures that we enjoy.