I have smoked pot many times before over the last couple of years, and also enjoyed experimenting with hallucinogens such as salvia and magic mushrooms on a handful of occasions.  Although I have experienced mild paranoia from cannabis before, neither I nor any of my friends have had real adverse psychological reactions to it at any dosage.  Personally cannabis alone has never caused me to vomit before, even when I have smoked far higher doses.

Yesterday was a pretty typical weekday holiday afternoon, apart from the fact I was a little tired from staying up and watching JFK in the early hours.  I had been relaxing and playing some computer games with two friends and we both had some bud left over from the night before that we decided to smoke.  We headed to the garden armed with rolling papers and a novelty bong with a huge metal bell shaped cap, and he began to roll a joint as I emptied the contents of my baggie into the bowl.  We laughed at the fact that my whole gram had not quite filled the cap and I started to take some very deep breaths and exhaled completely to prepare myself, as I had never hit anything this large before.

As I slurped the bong, the smoke seemed to keep coming endlessly and my hopes of sucking the burned ash down into the water disappeared about thirty seconds later when I realised my lungs were completely full.  I spluttered and coughed and felt a very intense head rush which I knew would subside once I got some oxygen to my brain.  I remember saying 'I think my lungs are bleeding' as a joke and after a deep breath or two I felt quite wasted, but ready to finish my hit.  However, there was nothing but a large clump of ash left in the bowl so I disregarded it in favour for some rather conservative tokes on my friend's joint. I was starting to feel quite shitfaced.

Suddenly I felt an intense paranoia.  I felt alienated and couldn't seem to look at my friend's faces as they chatted in a mildly stoned manner.  I was fixated with some small plants growing through the brickwork, they filled me with deja vu, but also an intense feeling of dread.  I couldn't move my eyes from this point.  I also remember thinking that I had become brain damaged from oxygen deprivation, or maybe that I had become schizophrenic or suddenly induced cannabis psychosis.  The tiny voice of reason that remained told me I must be having some kind of bad trip and to ride it out.

We made our way inside for more gaming which was difficult for me as I was very unsteady on my feet.  They started playing a fighting game, and I realised to my alarm that I was seeing double.  I convinced myself that my eyes had become misaligned or that I was going blind.  Around this time my friend asked me why I hadn't spoken in the last hour and realised with some alarm that my eyes were rolling back in my head.  My friends offered me a turn on the games console, but looking at the screen was too disorientating for me to handle.

About two silent hours later, I went to the toilet and vomited myself empty.  Two more good friends arrived, exclaiming that they'd never seen me so stoned.  At this point my grip on reality was increasing, but I was still too fucked to communicate properly.  After about six hours, I was still probably more stoned than I'd ever been, but I went home anyway looking very ill, ate everything I could find and went to sleep at about 8pm.

I awoke today still feeling stoned and a little paranoid.  I decided that my bad 'trip' must have simply been a result of inhaling too much smoke, damaging my body, and consuming more THC at once than ever before sending my body and mind into some sort of shock.  If I have learned anything from this experience, it is that even cannabis, a drug that I previously considered myself invincible against, must be treated with respect.