I first entered the salvia world about a year ago, and since then I have felt a deep appreciation for her, and an extreme sense of love and admiration.

My first experience happened when I went to buy shrooms at a friends house.  We talked about different types of drugs, and when she asked me if I've heard of Salvia, I said that I read about it. I took one huge lungful of the herb and held it in for about 15 seconds.  I exhaled and took another large toke.  Within seconds I felt as if something inside my body was trying to force itself out. As a realized this was happening I looked down at my body and saw it melt down to floor.  I looked up and everything looked very cartoony (huge, bright, over-exaggerated.) My friend zoomed back and began to replicate.  When she talked, all I heard was a high-pitched bubbling sound, in many different tones.  I tried to talk but when I did, the words came out a second after I spoke.  It was almost if I was hearing my thoughts very clearly.  I waved my hand in front of me, and it left a trail of multicolored hands that swirled around and turned into a snake, which came towards me.  I closed my eyes in order to escape the snake, and saw many kaliedoscopic shapes forming ,and re-forming into new shapes.  

After a few minutes of this insanity I slowly started to regain a normal thought process.  The next 20 minutes I had a very marijuana-like high.  I was so astounded by this new drug, and I knew that I had to get some for myself. About a week later I decided to buy 1 ounce of dry salvia leaf.  It came a few weeks later, but when I smoked it, it only made me very stoned.  I tried many times to get the same experience I did with the 6X, but I had no luck. I decided to only stick to extracts.  Months later, I purchased a 1 gram vial of 5X and patiently waited for it to come. When it came in the mail, I was very anxious to try it, so I instantly took it out of the package and loaded a small bowl in my pipe.  I took one huge hit and layed down on my floor with incubus in the background.  It was still very bright outside, but if I meditated while on Salvia, I knew that I should experience something mind-blowing. 

While holding the smoke in my heart started to thump very hard, and I forgot that I even was holding a pipe.  When I remembered I set it down and layed down to stare at my ceiling.  I instantly felt attached to the floor and felt I was the floor.  I looked around and noticed that I was on a horizontal plane, that stretched up into the ceiling.  Suddenly out of nowhere, I felt an extreme pressure on my body, and I had the sensation that I was being choked, but I could still breathe.  I could barely notice a small wormhole to my left, so I concentrated on it and entered it. While in the wormhole, I was stuck between two realities, my bedroom, and a vast alien landscape full of laughing alien entities.  They seemed to be pointing at me and laughing with their enormous horrible-looking faces.  I could hear them talking about me, saying that I was 'ugly' and 'needed work'.  I could clearly hear them.  I turned my head to my left and saw a glowing orb that had a sort of lifeform beneath it.  It was pumping and creating an orange liquid that formed the body of another alien entity.

After a few seconds of staring at the alien, I noticed the wormhole again.  I entered it and shot back into my room, where I realized that I was still laying on the floor.  When the experience ended I stood up and could only say one thing, 'Wow'.

I still have not tried 10x yet, so I can't even imagine what will happen to my body and mind when that day comes.
Peace, love, unity.
Octopii.