This is going to be a little hard to explain since what I experienced was completely alien to me.  My drug experience consists of a fair amount of pot, 2 acid trips (one of which was mind-blowing), and 3 times I've tried mushies with limited success.

I packed a nicely sized cone of Salvia, and proceeded to smoke (what I thought was) almost the whole cone, keeping it in for 15-20 secs - went really hard.

What happened next is very hard to describe.  I'll try and put in to words what seemed like what going on to me, and then I'll tell you how I appeared to my friends.  Please note that putting this into words really does not do this any justice whatsoever.

The onset was _very_ fast.  Total confusion.  It was as if someone had opened up my head, scrambled all the nerve connections in my brain, and put my conciousness somewhere else entirely.  I had little concept of what was going on around me, my vision was completely fucked.

Lost all concept of time and space.  Blended into my surroundings to the point where I didn't know where I started and the rest of my environment stopped.

I basically became one with everything, I think.  I felt like I was losing grip, and I tried to counter-act it.  I slowly began to blend out of my surroundings.  All of this was very, and I mean _very_ odd.  When I turned it felt like there was a wall attached to me, then boxes, everything... it was so utterly fucked that I can't really explain it.

Slowly I began to recognise faces, fleeting glimpses of reality.  Not long after that I could talk and stuff, and knew where I was etc, but I was still feeling very odd for quite a while - up to an hour after I'd smoked the cone.  I don't know how else to describe what I felt now other than feeling very weird, still getting blending sensations, turning.

What I experienced was so completely alien to me that my reality and the way I processed information was totaly changed to the point that it was unrecognisable.  I literally lost my mind, I was not thinking straight in any way shape or form.  It wasn't until about 10 minutes after the ordeal that I began to learn what I was actually doing here on planet earth.

First of all, I didn't smoke 'nearly one cone', I had a cone and a little more, but I don't actually remember that.  My friends said that just after I put the pipe down a look of total wide-eyed confusion struck my face, and my face went bright red.  Keeping in mind I have no recollection of any of these events, this is all what I've been told.  I fell off the sofa, and pulled myself up on the coffee table to try and balance myself, and apparently was trying to climb up onto the thing.

I then started to spasm uncontrolably.  It wasn't an uncoordinated
movement, my body knew exactly what it was doing and was determined to do it, even if my mind was unaware.  I was turning over and over with great speed and force.  I knocked a bucket half full of water all the way across
the room, spraying water for fucking miles.  I broke a plate that was on the table.

If it wasn't for my friend grabbing me and forcing me against the sofa, I would have damaged some very expensive lighting equipment that was on the
garage floor.  If I'd been much bigger or stronger, things could have got very messy indeed, that's for fucking sure.

As I was turning around and around on the ground, I was smashing my knee against the concrete floor incredibly hard, over and over and over.  I somehow smacked my head, and have a nice big cut on it.   It took me a while to realise that my knee was actually sore, but I could still walk on it.  I looked very pale afterwards, and felt cold.  This morning I could hardly even move it let alone put any weight on it, so I went into A&E and had some X-rays done - nothing broken, just bruised bone.

I had a friend with me that night who had done Salvia with friends before,
but had not experienced nor seen anyone else experience anything anywhere near what I did with this drug.

I put what happened down to my own stupidity in not doing any research before taking a drug which resulted in amoung one of the most profound (albeit short-lived) moments in my entire life.  Needless to say it has definately taught me a lesson.  I went into it too light-hearted, and got what I deserved.