Subject: Female, body weight 85kg, mid 30's, social drinker, cigarette smoker, doesn't smoke marijuana, no other drugs than a couple of glasses of wine consumed for several weeks. Not taking any medication. Some liver function impairment due to HepC but otherwise healthy

Dose: 10mg

Onset: 90 minutes. From two previous experiences with Foxy, 90 minutes from ingestion with nil effect was uncharacteristic. So I gave it up as a bad joke and made myself a gin and tonic. Ten minutes later effects came on slow and smooth, no idea if the combination was related or affected the Foxy experience.

Coming Up: 45 minutes- began as fluorescent OEV tracers in a dark room. Prior to that no effects had been felt while sitting and walking around in the light

Plateau: 2.5 hrs of lovely, colourful sharp edged fractal CEV's characteristic and consistent with previous Foxy experiences. Extremely sensual rushes and a desire for closeness even during those times when sex was well out of the question

Coming Down: 4 hours: found it very hard to sleep but eventually got there- not overly unpleasant and not at all angst generating, but the lessening stimulation and occasional colours made relaxing difficult

After Effects: Next day some seediness was felt til evening, Foxy has a light bodyload for me both during and after the experience and leaves me feeling a tad leached and tired. Not as bad physically as a bad hangover and not as bad emotionally as LSD. Generally I react very badly next day both emotionally and physically to almost all drugs, but overall this was moderate considering the strength of the experience. By 
evening an afterglow had settled in and I was able to relax, socialise and function as well as I had prior to the experience.

Conclusion: A wonderful experience, best shared with a close partner. I would be comfortable taking 12mg, but from previous experience with foxy I don't think I'd go over that as overloads are unpleasant and draining. The dose response curve is too steep to push the envelope and the effects are sufficiently rewarding at that dose to make more uneccessary. And just to be sure I'll hide the gin and tonic.