Having had experience with a variety of psychedelics, I decided to try out AMT.  I really like tripping, so I stupidly decided that 60 mg might be a nice first dose.  I took it at 2:00 pm

T + 2 hours: don't feel much yet.  Maybe a bit of nausea but nothing significant.  I'll smoke a few hits of cannabis.

T + 2:30 - OK, that really set me off.  Strong visuals begin.  Somewhat crazy thoughts, but not overwhelmingly trippy.  Some paranoia and feelings of self-loathing but nothing really too bad.  

T + 5:00 - the marijuana has probably worn off by this point but I'm still tripping hard.  The main feeling is humongous gonzo body load and some visuals.  The crazy thoughts have been displaced by a weird, restless energy.  Music sounds very good and dramatic.

T + 6:00 - I have some whippets of Nitrous Oxide.  This propels me into another world, but I am not that impressed by the synergy compared to other substances like 2C-B.

T + 12:00 - Still peaking and it's 2:00 AM and everyone has gone to sleep.  Oh god.  My thoughts are still moving at a mile a minute, and I still have body load and am disoriented.

T + 20:00 It is now 10:30 am the next day.  Incredibly, I am feeling substantial effects.  I think this is because I took 60 mg and I am a pretty small guy.  I haven't slept all night and don't even feel tired.  

T + 24:00 The main effects are gone, but I still have a headache and feel disoriented and that weird tired/restless/can't sleep feeling.

T + 36:00 OK, it is now 2 am the next day, and I STILL can't sleep.  I am lying awake in bed with a headache, tossing and turning.

T + 40:00 STILL can't sleep.  It's 6:00 AM two days later and the restlessness continues.

That's where I stand now.  I want to be able to sleep, but I can't.  I can't be productive on 40 hours of no sleep, so I'm just wandering around like a zombie.  When will this end?

Summary: This was pretty fun, but not as trippy as I wanted and has kept me awake far, far too long.  I would strongly recommend that novices start at less than 60 mg.