I wanted to write an experience report because I have experienced DiPT one time, and although I have only experienced it once, it was nothing at all like the other experience reports that I've read.  Its similarities to DPT and the nausea I've experienced the entire trip seem to be different than what others have reported.

After remarkable results with DPT, I was looking for something to investigate that was similar in nature.  So when I tried DiPT, I was not disappointed, but there were unfavorable aspects associated with my personal journey.

At 12:36:29 p.m., I swallowed a capsule containing 76 mg. of DiPT on an empty stomach.  The effects came on almost instantly, after maybe fifteen minutes.  The most distinguished of these effects was the lowering of pitch, and the sharpness of vision.  I was watching a film, The Punisher, and the clock in my living room started to ring.  I was astonished with how unexpectedly strange it sounded.  The Lord Of The Rings movie came on, and then everything started sounding weird.  At about 1:15:00 p.m., I went on the computer to start to listen to music.  I put on some Static X, and at first it didn't sound good, but then I guess my brain started to just take the music apart somehow.  All that I started hearing was mechanical noises as I stared into the monitor.  Then I began to feel the monitor come out at me and start to pull me into it, like as if it were the gate to an abyss and it was opening up to me.  It was a lot like DPT.

At 2:00:00 p.m., I went to my room because I was feeling some nausea accompanied with very mild diarrhea.  I lied down on my bed and enjoyed the DPT-like visuals and the sounds of Type-O-Negative.  There was just a spaced out stoning throughout the whole trip that I believe contributed to the nausea I felt.  The nausea continued throughout the rest of the trip, as well as the slight diarrhea.  
	
I had some very wicked auditory hallucinations.  Like growling sounds and things did get scary at times.  The visuals were much like DPT, but not as good (at this dose).  The sounds were very demonic, and very awesome.  I was amazed to put Marilyn Manson's Holy Wood and The Golden Age Of Grotesque albums into the stereo and find out that their sound seems to be made to listen to while on DiPT!  Especially Holy Wood.  He is a psychedelic guide that consistently blows my mind.  Nothing else sounded good until I listened to these two albums.
	
At 2:00:00 a.m.:  Overall, I discovered that with such a high dose, came a lot of nausea.  I did not feel anything positive or negative conscerning a body high.  For me, this was like DPT around the edges, and I relate to the stoned/drunk feeling that has been reported.  And, of course, the auditory effects.  If I wanted to experience this drug only for the sound, then a lower dose is all that is necessary.  But, no doubt that if a bigger dose would be ingested, it would result in taking apart Universe.  For the future, I look forward to trying this valuable drug with the freebase method in combination with the Holy Wood album.