So, the story begins with the last day of final exams (the last day of school) at my high school where I just finished freshman year.  My friend T and I were planning on getting stoned, but our plans to buy some weed fell through.  After picking up a carton of cheap cigs, T reminded me that I had four doses of aderall that a girl had given me about a week before.  T had to go to a friend's graduation party that night, but showed up at my dorm at about 11:30.  First, T swallowed one 10 mg tab.  Then we broke open a 10 mg capsule full of powder and split the powder into two good-sized lines.  T rolled up a new 50 and snorted his, I did the same about 2 minutes later.  
	
The powder stung our noses pretty badly and the drip was this unpleasant, synthetic taste.  After drinking water and sniffing a lot trying to get the last of the powder to go down, we went to have a cig in on the soccer field.  While on the soccer field we smoked about 3 each, which would normally make me sick, but I just felt really energetic.  After the 2nd cigarette, I noticed that I wasn't hungry anymore despite not having eaten anything all day besides an order of medium fries.  Before we snorted the aderall, my right leg had been in horrible pain, I assume from a cramp, but after the line and the cigs, it didn't hurt at all.  When we were done smoking, we decided to go cruising in T's car and maybe get something to drink to cover the taste of the drip.
	
[Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]

We drove to a gas station and picked up a 2 liter bottle of Dr. Pepper.  With everything we needed, we drove around chain smoking and talking, whenever we got to a long, straight road, T would speed up to 70 or 80 which was very exhilarating.  By this time, we knew that we were tweaking and we liked it because of the mild euphoria.  After what seemed like an hour, we went back drove back to the school and headed to my room to do another line.  We got there, looked at the time, and realized that we had only been gone for 20 minutes.  T thought this was pretty cool and I got to work cutting up another 10 mg tab into a fine powder.  The process of rolling up a bill and snorting a 5 mg line each was repeated.  This tab went down a lot smoother than the stuff in the capsule, though and we were very pleased.  
	
Tweaking out again, we went back to the car and drove around smoking more cigs and listening to the a Stones cd I had brought from my room.  For some reason, the Stoned just didn't sound as good as they do when I'm stoned so we turned the bass all the way up and put on some good rap that T had.  For a while, we drove around drifting on every sharp turn.  Eventually, we noticed that we had used almost a quarter of a tank of gas so we went and put 10 dollars worth in the tank and headed back to school.  Once at school, we broke open the last 10 mg tab, but this one was different.  Instead of being chalky and brittle on the inside, this one was spongy and sticky.  Being unable to snort it, we split the little pile of chunks in half and poured them down our throats washing it down with some Dr Pepper.  
	
Once done with this, T and I decided to climb on top of our school (a 1920s mansion) to smoke some more cigs.  We got up to the flat part of the roof that's surrounded by a parapet, making the school look a little like a castle.  This is a favorite place to get high at our school because it's just so cool to be up there.  We eached smoked 3 or 4 more cigs and then went back down to my room to try and get some rest before T had to wake up for work up about 4 hours.  
	
Neither of us slept that nigh and by 6:30 am I realized that I was not going to get any sleep so I took a shower and brushed my teeth several times to try and get rid of the shit smell that was a result of smoking way to many cigarettes in one night(14 to be exact).  After my shower, T and I drove to a gas station to get some breakfast.  After we got back to school, I crashed and slept from 8:30 am till 3 pm when my friend A woke me up.
	
Overall, this was a pretty good experience, but I still much prefer downers to uppers, given the choice of smoking a bowl or snorting a line, I would choose the bowl every time.  Even if this isn't as fun a drug as weed, it's still a lot better than being sober on a Friday night that's also the last day of school.