Before I start this report, I should mention that I was living in student accomodation at the time and not eating properly, I had lost a bit of weight so this could have attributed to the effects. I had tried HB woodrose seeds once before, but only in a small dose which just resulted in nausea and back-ache so I was expecting more of the same this time. I removed the fuzzy husks and ground them up roughly then drank them in a cup of milk. My friend M took 5 seeds at the same time but just chewed them up whole, without the husks. It was about 10pm.

It started out okay, a bit mellow for the first hour or so, this time I did not experience any nausea, I think this is because of the milk. My friend however felt extremely sick. I did feel a general discomfort though, I couldn't tell you which part of my body was affected, I just felt like whichever position I sat in I wouldn't be comfortable or relaxed. I wasn't feeling any psychedelic effects but my mind felt a bit fuzzy and confused, I would not say it was a pleasurable feeling.

Me and M started to watch the Japanese film Audition. The first hour and a half of the movie lulled me into a false sense of security by portraying itself as a beautiful love story. The action is so slow paced and gentle that I had started to relax and the effects of the seeds did not seem so unpleasant. Half an hour before the end of the film I decided to smoke a bowl of marijuana in the kitchen during the ad break.
As I finished my pipe then sat down to watch the rest of the film I realised the cannabis had kicked the seeds into life and the trip had turned decidedly more psychedelic.

Suddenly the film I was watching took a nasty turn. What I thought was a romantic love story actually turned out to be one of the most horrific things I've ever seen. I'm a big horror fan, I have most of the sickest and disurbing films on DVD and not one of them has ever frightened me, but this time the images on the screen were just too much. I felt light headed and sick. I had to turn away from the T.V. but I could still hear it so the images in my imagination were probably worse that the actual film. Terror filled my mind.

Trying to get rid of the sick feeling, I pored myself a cup of coke but after taking a few gulps I realized that I had poured coke into the cup that had contained the milk and woodrose seeds. This worsened the vomit feelings and I couldn't take any more, I had to leave the room and get away from the television. I took the litre bottle of coke with me and sat alone in the kitchen. I felt a cold sweat and such overwhelming mental turmoil that I thought I would collapse.

I looked around me and the world was breaking apart at the seams. Every line such as the corner of a table or where the wall met the ceiling was breaking apart. Fragments of reality were falling and swirling around me. I looked at the bottle of coke, which was the only thing in the room without any straight edges that could fall apart, and told myself 'If you can finish this bottle of coke you will be okay, just concentrate on finishing the bottle and get a grip on things.'

Slowly I drank the coke and as the bottle emptied, my trip did get a lot less unbearable. I think it was because I had something definate to focus on, a single goal that would take my mind off everything else. When the bottle was empty I looked around the room again. The walls and corners were still fragmenting but now I felt like I had the mental control to handle it. Having found new courage and deciding that the trip wasn't so bad after all I watched the end last 5 minutes of the film whilst eating noodles.

Then came the next mistake. M, deciding he had poisoned himself, decided to go to bed so I was now left alone in my room at 2am after watching a horror film tripping my arse off. I felt the trip start to go bad again so I put some kind of news program on to take my mind off it but the news reporters voice rapidly changed from a slowed down low sound to a speeded up chipmunk voice. I turned off the TV to stop these auditory hallucinations and was left with the fragmenting reality visuals again. This time I decided to really look at these broken up images in an attempt to decipher what was really going on. For a long while a sat staring at the corner of my desk in an extremely deep train of thought. Then I started writing, I wrote page after page of my thoughts based on these visuals. I had concluded that what I was seeing was the broken up electrical signals of my brain trying to piece together the information coming from my eyes. I realised that everything we see/hear/touch/taste/smell is nothing more than an electrical impulse in our minds and then came to the conclusion that there is no reality and that 'mind' was the only truth.

This I summed up in one simple equation:
X divided by Y = 0.99999999999 recurring
when X=(Y divided by X)
and Y=(X divided by Y)

Faced with this awakening to the horrible truth I became terribly afraid and depressed and wondered how I could go back to my normal life when I knew it was all a lie. I decided to try to sleep but when I went to bed all I could think about was horrific images from the film followed by long periods of depression because of the reality truth. I did not sleep once that night and they continued into the morning. 

The next day I was a mental wreck, I would try to do normal everyday things but every 30 seconds or so I would 'zone out' and flashback to either the film or the equation.I wouldn't even go outside and if I was walking about I asked my friend to stand with me in case I collapsed. By about 7 o'clock that night the effects finally wore off but for weeks afterwards I refused to read the things I had wrote and every time I saw a Japanese girl in the street I would get a flashback to that movie.

NEVER NEVER NEVER AGAIN!