Me and one of my girlfriends stayed at our guy friend's house for the week to party, hang out, and experiment. About three days into the stay we decided to try out ayahuasca after smoking almost continuously those entire three days. My guy friend and I decided to do it and another girl came over to babysit us along with the other one. We were both slightly narked out while brewing the tea which took about an hour to make. After straining it for the third time we filtered out the last of the bark and poured the liquid into two cups about 8 ounces each. My friend got scared so I downed it first. I was expecting to throw up within ten minutes from 'the purge' but nothing happened. Half an hour passed and I still felt completely normal. So my friend decided to drink his cup. 

Another ten minutes passed and I began to feel slightly more narked out. Then we all head outside to sit down and smoke a bowl of weed and tobacco mix out of my hookah. My friend ran to the fence and began to violently throw up. I felt slightly nauseous but it wasn't too much to handle. After about ten minutes of throwing up and five minutes of spraying his face with the hose he returned to the table. By this time I was feeling increased feelings of euphoria and a really big high. I assumed it was the weed but after glancing over at the pool I decided that it was indeed the ayahuasca. The pool water turned into smoke and began to start steaming. The trees were swaying despite the fact that there was absolutely no wind. It was about 100 degrees outside at the time and the heat began to penetrate through my skin. I stumbled over to the grass feeling kind of drunk grabbing onto my sober friend. We layed down in the grass together. Everything felt amazing. Textures came out at me and colors were vibrant and moving. The grass felt like tiny little pinpricks but it felt good all the same. The sun came down on me and went through my body leaving the feeling of extreme warmth. The warmth wasn't constant though but pulsing in sections, most powerful in my outstretched arms. 

A sudden urge made me stand up suddenly. Blood rushed to my head giving me the feeling of a reverse brain freeze. I jumped into the pool and the water overcame my body instantly. The warmth disappeared and I could taste and hear the coolness of the water. I re-emerged and as the water streamed down my face, I felt as if my soul had been cleansed. False senses of euphoria overtook my body. I felt happier than I had ever felt but I knew it was fake. I swam around the pool for ten minutes or so and went to go dry off. We all went inside to watch chapelles show. I sat on the couch feeling isolated yet connected with my friends. I went into a deep train of thought about life. Everything came rushing into me. And then I fell asleep.

I awoke around 2 am feeling groggy and I still felt high. I went upstairs and went to sleep at this point. I woke up the next morning feeling narked out still but fresh and new. I still felt really happy and continued on with the day with another bowl and no other side effects fro the brew. Overall it was definitely worth the experience.