I was over at a friends house. We were really bored and some of the 'crackheads' my friend lives with were going to score some coke. I had come in contact with the drug many times in the past and had always been uninterested in it. It never appealed to me in anyway. From what I had read it wasn't all it's cracked up to be (pardon the pun) and I don't like amphetamine like drugs in general. 

But like I said we were bored and I decided to give it a shot just to satisfy the slight curiousity I had and to cure the bordom.

So we forked over our money to these shady characters and 30 minutes later they return with an 'gram' of cocaine. In retrospect my friend and I suspected that our 'couriers' had pinched a little for themselves from our bag. 

Regardless we split the amount three ways and we each snorted our lot in a two big lines. I'm really not sure how pure the coke was or how much I snorted so don't quote me on dosage. 

Immediately after we smoked some cannabis in a pipe. I remember noticing that the effects did not become apparent as quickly as I would have imagined. First I noticed my mouth, throat, and sinus areas going completely numb. My heart rate was definetly increased and soon a euphoria came over me that reminded me of my experiences with MDMA. I remember the feeling of it dripping down my throat was not exactly appealing. 

I sat still in my chair for probably 15 minutes. My only comment on the effects was that 'This is interesting.' My friend and I decided to walk to campus. But halfway there I noticed the effects of the drug tapering off rapidly and I was overcome by a general feeling of fatigue and nausea. Nothing too bad, but I remember thinking that higher doses of this stuff could be quite unpleasent to come down from.

Soon I was in a sore mood and parted with my friend and walked home. I felt a little out of it for a few hours after and was soon asleep. 

All in all cocaine was exactly what I expected it to be; Interesting but nothing special. I have no desire to repeat the experience.