11:55PM
One 8mg tablet of 2C-T-2, down the hatch! Today I received word that 2C-T-2 had been made illegal in the Netherlands in mid-April. I know I should save this since there is no more, but, I decided to eat 2 tablets tonight. Knowing that these are among the last tablets of 2C-T-2 in the world will make this trip that much more appreciated. 

12:22AM
Down with the second pill. I'm already feeling a little bit of an alert from the first 8mg. Smoking a little cannabis now to head off any potential nausea before it starts.

12:42AM
Definately feeling the beginnings of a phenethylamine trip! I think this will be a pretty nice trip... doing 24mg was a little excessive. 16 may prove to be much more appropriate, based on where I already am.

1:00AM
I'm very much on my way now. I've got the physical sensations nicely now. A wave of the yawns, which is now phasing into a more stimulated feeling. A glowing warmth in my solar plexus. Colors are beginning to sharpen, but the visual aspect hasnt really kicked in. Though when it does I think it will be quite nice. I'm at T+1:05 for the first pill and T+0:38 for the second. I forgot how nice this stuff is. Feeling real positive and happy.

1:18AM
Wow. I went to lie down for a while. Seemed like a good ammount of time, but I guess it wasnt. Getting visuals nicely now. Phenethylamines and tryptamines work in such fundamentally different ways, despite any surface similarities. Phenethylamines work much more in the realms of psychotherapy where tryptamines are more in the realms our society considers spirituality. I sat and thought through some strange mental loop-de-loops which in the end ammounted to 'Keep on trying and learn from your fuckups' being some universal law. Thats entirely true, of course. The interesting part was the ability to watch the looping itself. I think lying down again would be a good idea...

3:00AM
I've reached a plateau and feel things beginning to level out. Things are incredibly visual. Everything is so intimately alive! 

5:10AM
Real far down now... visuals have faded alot, mentals near gone... mostly nice somatic sensations now. Food is great.

6:30
Out with some GHB and cannabis. Fall into a nice, warm sleep full of unremembered dreams.

Conclusion
Wow. I'm really going to miss this compound. I had a really amazing trip! I think this was almost more memorable than my 24mg experience. 1:00-3:30AM was the peak. I had all kinds of nice visuals, similar to mescaline or 2C-B. Temporal dilation was extreme, time moved at a crawl. I had very altered mental processes, a feeling that my thinking was moving throught these strange winding logic 'tunnels'. It seemed as if I were moving through these tunnels, gathering insights on the way. One bizzare moment happened during the peak as I was laying down on my bed. I found myself unable to think in English, or recall any English words. Instead, I found myself thinking in German. This was very odd, since German is not my native language. The overwhelming feeling I had through the entire trip was 'Everything is OK, and everything will be OK.' I came away from the whole thing with a nice optimistic outlook on life.