The powder I recieved was pure white (not off-white, brown or that oozy black shit). 

I took Ethacetin HCl once before (dose ~10 mg, nasally insufflated) and not a lot happened. It burned my nasal passages really badly and made my eye tear. Not a lot happened visually or mentally. At the time I was coming down off of a mushroom trip, so that might have had something to do with it. My 10 mg Ethacetin HCl experience was a +1 on the Shulgin scale. I could not sleep although I was fairly tired going into the 'trip.' I just lay in bed and after many hours started to see minor tracers from moving objects and some patterns forming in maroon color just in the air. That was it.

Now, to the report at hand... Early in 2004 (Jan), I took 30 mg Ethacetin HCl orally in a cup of water. The taste was pretty bitter. This was to be my second 'trip' with this particular substance. It took about 30 minutes to take effect. I noticed a little bit of stomach discomfort for a short while, but it didn't develope into nausea or anything. I started noticing a change in conciousness as friends and I watched TV. About an hour later I was peaking. There were mild but observable tremors all throughout different parts of my body at different times (quite reminiscent of what happens to me on DPT HCl) - shaking, etc.

I began to see amazing imagery on the ceiling and floor.  Patterns, fractals, etc moving about. Swirly circles of lines formed all across the ceiling. It was visually pleasing. I had a bit of introspection that had me fretting the current circumstances of my life, but I found this introspection not particularly meaningful (although it could maybe have been directed into something meaningful). The show we were watching was about some high up government agency chacing what I could only conclude were drug dealers, although I wasn't quite clear.  I kept thinking we had already seen the scene we were watching.  I could have swarn we were watching the same preview for the show over and over again, but when I would think back, other stuff had happened, and all seemed right.  I seriously thought my friends were playing a joke on me because I was tripping, and they were trying to 'trip me out.' I got pretty irritated, but they insisted they weren't playing any joke on me.  I calmed down becuase, well I was tripping, and maybe it was all in my head haha. I had multiple (6+) deja vu's during the trip.

As far as side effects, the twitching/shaking/tremors were quite uncomfortable. Also, I couldn't stay at a constant temperature. One minute I'd be hot; the next minute I'd be cold. I was wearing a jacket inside, and I was sweating a bit.  I came away from the experience rather stinky.

The entire experience lasted about 6 hours. ...An hour to come fully up and 3 hours (maybe a tad less) at peak.

It was quite enjoyable (probably even more in nature in the summer), I'll certainly be doing it again. However, I may try 25 mg next time.