MDMA With a 5HTP Pre-Load

A few preliminary details: I am an 18 year old male, in excellent health and have used alcohol, cannabis, and ecstasy a few times. I had researched 5-HTP from the internet and heard it was useful for come downs. I tested this and found them to be very useful in this respect. However I had read from a few sources that 5-HTP can actually boost the effects and decided to put this to test.

0:00 (12 at night) I take 200mg of 5HTP then fall asleep
9:00 Wake up take 100mg
10:00 100mg
10:30 100mg
11:00 100mg

Friends arrive at my house, which has been used before for such occasions. All people I know and trust. 

13:00 I take the first pill. I have used this brand before and found them slightly speedy, but I find many is needed to have real effects ( I come up slowly and have a high natural tolerance).

13:40 Friends all coming up, feeling slightly sad as I feel nothing from the MDMA yet.

14:00 Take another pill.

14:20 I am coming up at this point but it remains gentle. Feelings of floatation and softness are occuring and I go for a walk round my garden with friends (holding hands beggining to feel really nice)

14:30 I am coming up very strongly and am listening to some Techno/Trance music. I take off shirt and hug my girl friends, which feels fantastic. Everything is very right with the world and  I feel that that the potential for today is limitless.

15:00 Realise that this is a much stronger effect than expected- usually two pills would only make me feel something- this is among the best feelings I have felt from the drug. Still feel remarkably lucid considering how pleasurable everything is. Empathy stunningly strong- I find this is the strongest characteristic of an MDMA session. Empathy stunningly strong- I find this is the strongest characteristic of an MDMA session.

15:30 Take one more pill. 

16:00 Just lying down with my friends feeling the waves of pleasure roll over me. Go outside and lie in my garden while hugging my friend N. This is when unexpected results occur.

Looking into the clouds has become intensely psychedelic. The hundreds of clouds suddenly spiral and warp and I realise I am beginning to hallucinate. Looking at clouds turns them into white loony toons characters and they are able to move and play to my imagination. The nice thing about the hallucinations are that they are totally controllable and entirely subject to my will. I go into my house and there is a wasp flying around. I am not certain it is a wasp as it changes species of insect as I view it.

Have never heard of such intense visuals. Entirely pleasant. I have consumed 7 of the same brand of pill before and not experienced this. Yet although I feel as good or better than I did when I consumed seven I feel far more lucid and less weird- with no jaw clenching weird eye effects.

17:00 Hallucinations have subsided somewhat, go into bathroom and make my face morph, yet the effect is less pronounced. Watch TV as  everyone has less energy and coming down slightly.

18:00 Coming down- slightly sad but very bearable. Feeling tired

19:00 When my parents come back I feel the urge to talk to them even though I am coming down- very strange, I usually desire to go to bed and not see them in any state of intoxication.

The day after- I have taken 200mg for the comedown and feel absolutely fine as soon as I wake up. No negative effects whatsoever. I feel fine the next few days as well.

Overall this was a stunning experience for me. I found the 5-HTP to increase the strength of the effects, yet not increase the weirdness (zoning out, teeth chattering etc) and it added some very cool visual effects. This experience might possibly have been better than my first.

[Reported Dose: "500mg 5htp"]
[Reported Dose doesn't correspond with dose total in report]