I had acquired an eigth of reportedly very strong mushrooms that my friend had grown. About six of my other friends had taken a full eigth and all had bad experiences due to the intensity of the trip. The plan was to split the eigth with a friend of mine (Ryan) and go to a graduation party. This was Ryan's first mushroom experience and my second.

At about 8:30 we ate our mushrooms. I ended up only taking 1/16 of the eigth since I knew we would be in an unfamiliar setting and I wanted to have a nice experience but also be able to handle any problems that Ryan might encounter. I was only expecting to get the 'stoned' feeling with maybe some minor visual disturbances, but never break through to the point of 'tripping'.

For about an hour I had the pre-trip anxiousness and placebo effects, while Ryan reported no change at all other than minor relaxation. The small buzz kept getting slightly stronger to the point that it felt like a marijuana high without the mental cloudiness. At this time we were sitting around a fire in the backyard where the party was being held. I got up to go into the house to use the bathroom, and as soon as I stepped foot in the house my mild buzz turned into a pretty strong visual trip. Patterns were moving, peoples faces were melting, faces in woodgrain, I was hearing whispering coming from inanimate objects (conversations were heard from running water). It was just as strong as my previous experience on half an eigth. I went back to the fire and told Ryan to walk around. As soon as he stood up he said that the feeling of relaxation suddenly changed into what he could only describe as 'tripping'. We spent the rest of the night sitting staring into the fire, at the trees, and at the stars while dozens of kids around us gave us visuals and interesting things to listen to. One thing that I noticed was that the visuals inside of the house were very similar to what I knew as 'mushroom visuals', but the visuals outside were much more similar to the visuals I had gotten off the few experiences I had with acid (i.e. double vision, trails, electric body feeling). 

The ride home was interesting to say the least, and when I got home I explored my backyard, especially the trees and datura plants that grow in my neighborhood. I ended up smoking some marijuana, which felt slightly like I was tripping but I felt very foggy in my head which I thought only dirtied the experience. I fell asleep watching Aphex Twin blend perfectly with the programs on television.

This experience was significant in that the trip I had is what I would call the perfect 'social mushroom trip'. I still got intense visuals, a nice body buzz, but mentally I was never at the point that I felt uncomfortable interacting with so many people (which I felt before on 1/2 an eigth). I had a completely clear, rational thought process with little ego-loss but still the strong visual aspects. It was a very enjoyable experience and I am happy that I<!--would definetly recommend a --> started with a low dose as a good way to get a nice taste of the power of psilocybin mushrooms.