A GREAT Trip!I 

Yesterday I experienced Hawiian Baby Woodrose Seeds for the first time.  I am 28 years of age, and it has been 9 years since I have experienced any hallucinigenic drugs.  

I have been reading on the subject, and experiences others have had with Hawiian baby woodrose.  Despite some claims of stomach upset, I decided to keep positive thoughts, and give it a try.  I ordered a pack of 200 seeds online, and Tuesday AM I picked them up from the post office.  Being as I did not have any clients booked that day, and I had been contemplating some life issues, I decided it would be a great day to trip.  I only had a business lunch, and I just could not wait until the lunch was over to get started.  Being as I did not know how the reaction would be, I decided to take 2 seeds orally.  I simply scraped the seeds clean, making SURE to get all of the residue of the coating off.  I then bit the seeds open, and ground them up in my mouth, one at a time.<!--The taste was a lot like the taste of blotter acid.-->  I swallowed the remains, and off to lunch I went.

About half way through lunch I was feeling, well let's just say altered.  I do a lot of process meditating, and breathwork, so perhaps I have added more sensitivity to my mind.  I was having a challenging time focusing on the project I was there to discuss, and found myself getting pretty deep into things, and I knew this was not the time, nor the place.  I did the best I could to stick to business, and I ate a normal lunch.  My stomach was feeling fine.  

[Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]

After lunch I drove back to my office, feeling something coming on, and I was surprised to be feeling this from just two seeds.  Back at the office I prepared five more seeds, and consumed them the same way.  I felt the slightest twinge in my stomach, but no big deal.  I stayed at the office for an additional hour, and then decided I would be better off at home.  So I drove home. 

After getting home I was feeling like this was LSD.  I was tripping, and it was really nice.  All of the answers to the issues I was looking for were presented to me, and I really felt good.  I was having mild visuals, like the ceiling and walls moving ect.  

I felt like I really learned a LOT from the trip, and I came down SO smooth it was like a dream.  No side effects at all!  I did not really want to eat that evening, and that was fine with me.  Sleep was not trouble, and I am definitely going to experience the seeds again.

I feel the best way to consume the seeds is to scrape them with a blunt object, and remove all of the 'coating' until I have a pure brown seed.<!--I also recommend having great respect for nature, and the many ways nature has provided to get in touch better.-->  I may also attribute my great experience to tripping for a purpose, rather then just to party.