The other night I found a bottle of the SSRI Zoloft. I found info from various websites what this chemical does to you, how much to take, etc. Normally I don't take Zoloft.

At around 9:50 I took one 50 mg pill of Zoloft. I downed the pill and went out with my mom to do random shit: got lunch, returned some clothes, etc. I noticed around 45 mins to an hour later when we were in the car, I started getting much happier than I was the previous two days. This doesn't mean I was EUPHORIC it just means that I wasn't sad, angry, mad or anything. I got home and I decided this was just a feel of it. at around 1 pm, I downed 4 more pills; I total of 250 mg in all now. Within I'd say about an hour I was very JITTERY, which I still am 6 hours later. I had a little difficulty focusing, but then I realized the fun. I closed and my eyes and got some awesome closed eye visuals. I opened them and stared at the window with the sunlight coming in, and I closed them, and I suddenly saw a large bright colored, intertwining square; due to the window panes I'm assuming. 

It is now 4:30 and I just began to eat something, but suddenly I became struck by a nausea that was VERY aggitating. I went to the bathroom and threw up what I was eating. But now here's the cool part; even though I didn't like throwing up, I didn't hate it. It didn't make me mad, or agitated, nothing really. This feeling of emotionless is kinda cool but very odd. I do feel happy. Not euphoria like I said before, not even a well being, but the previous 2 days had been extremely stressful with SATs, and an incident at a friend's house; with the Zoloft it was gone. I don't feel that pressure or weight. Its very peculiar.

Another thing is my body feel. I feel slightly different, in terms of body weight. The way I feel when I'm just coming on to a dxm trip. My thoughts are basically the same except very fast. I'm guessing that this is some sort of stimulant in one way or another, because my typing is about 2-3 times as fast, and I'm doing small things that I normally don't do, such as tap my finger against the desk, or shake my foot.

One last thing that I'm noticing is that music is affecting me alot, without my knowing. I'll explain: about to minutes ago I was playing Ott - splitting an atom, which the music, I feel, sounds like an end to something, like a conclusion. Its almost depressing. Well without my knowing it made me slightly unhappy, which I just picked up on. I changed the track to infected mushroom - spiritual trance, to see if I get slightly amped up, and if my Idea of the music affecting me is correct.

9 minutes later: Yes, I was right, it is very powerful, I feel almost immortally strong I think. I'm getting slightly nauseas again not sure why. My eyes are immensely dilated, but not blood shot. CEVs are still present and I'm getting tracers of bright lights. I feel unbeliveably hyper. I read today that Zoloft stays with you for a few days, but I'll wait it out and see if it wears off. I don't plan on taking Zoloft again. I'm feeling SLIGHTLY depressed, I'm trying to fend it off and get happy; I don't want to crash like fucking adderal. I feel tired. I want to get to sleep but I don't think its gonna happen for a long time. I'm not sure why but I think somehow I hit the peak just now, 7 hours later. my thoughts are different, but not amazing. I'm starting to feel lonely but I don't want to be.

Zoloft is very powerful, and very potent. Not something to be fucked around with. I don't perticularly like it because I have that ‘I'm gonna be like this for a while' feeling. Well I'm gonna go. I hope my report was helpful, but I don't think I can write anymore. I feel like I'm about to crash.

Afterword (2 weeks after 'trip'): I had a strong pang of depression because I let bad thoughts get to me but that was soon washed away, after I finished writing. I'm not sure if it was after affects or the come down of the trip, but for the next few days I still felt it in my system, fairly strong, but waning every day. Sometime last Friday it was completely gone. I had waaay to much trouble sleeping. Its like a cross between low grade acid and speed. I do and I don't recommend it. It kept me up for 2 days straight and my eyes were dilated to full dilation for 4 days. Very weird body buzz, and easy to get depressed, but very impressive for the CEVs, although no open ones. Its got its downsides, so it wasn't really my thing. Think I'll stick to dxm =)