This was the second time my wife and I tried 1,4-Butanediol.  The first time we each did 5ml with very little effect. So we tried it again but this time we mixed it in our alcohol in our drinks. I weigh 180lbs and after about 45min I started to feel dizzy but over all pretty good but not really drunk. My wife was not feeling much of anything. 1hour 45min went by and I mixed more 1,4-Butanediol in our drinks, then it started to really hit me but my wife was still sober. at this point I ended up putting a total of 40ml of the stuff between both of our drinks.  I could hardly stand, but my wife was just starting to feel a little dizzy. I started to sweat profusely so my wife walked me outside away from the party we were at.  as soon as I got outside I saw a bush and ran toward it to get sick. I told my wife to wait on the bench because I knew this was not going to be pretty. I just kept throwing up again and again, then I fell asleep. 

I woke up and looked toward my wife and she looked as if she was still on the bench, but as my vision cleared I saw that someone was with her and asking someone else what her name was.  I staggered over toward her.  she was cold, her face was blue, she had no signs of life except she was starting to go into uncontrolable convulsions from time to time.  she did not respond to any external stimuli.  someone ask me what did we take.  I was so out of it I didn't even remember going to the party, let alone what we took.  the police came along with an ambulance.  they took her to the closest hospital.  they would not let me ride with her because I was still throwing up.  they took my keys and I had to 'sleep' in my car worrying about my wife, then I started to remember that I put something in our drinks.  I thought how I might have just killed my wife. but I still could not remember what I put in our drinks.  

about 5:30 am I was somewhat sober enough to drive to the hospital so I got our extra set of keys and went.   I told them at the hospital that my wife took a new type of diet pill before we went to the party and that the pill contained 1,4-Butanediol.  they checked with poison control and they confirmed that her coma would have been induced with the mixing of alcohol and 1,4-Butanediol.  she finally came out of her coma after 6 hours, she did not remember anything. not the party or how we got there or any thing.  it took another 5 hours till she was recovered enough that they released her.  this stuff might be fun, but take it from my own stupidity DO NOT MIX WITH ALCOHOL!!!! write down what you took somewhere in you identification in case you become comatose or really screwed up like me.