After doing alot of research about 5-MeO-DiPT and obtaining some I decided to try it with 4 of my close friends. I'm a type 1 diabetic so I make sure to trip during a time I don't have to eat or take any insulin shots. Usually a good 6 to 12 of free time, hours such as from lunch time to dinner time or from about 8 or 9 at night to 8 or 9 the next morning. I also check my blood sugar several times during the course of the trip. 

Two of the friends present had tried between 7-10mg the week previous (although I did not) and enjoyed the experience but said they would like to try more. I measure out 100mg using a scale accurate to .01g and then proceed to divide that into 15 equal piles. I spent a considerable amount of time 15-20 min doing this. 

Saturday night at 7:30 I take 2 capsules containg a total of 12-15mg. Everyone else takes the same about. Cops comes on and we watch that for a half hour. I always find it ironic that they never show the suspect get away or overpower the officers. We then go into the living room to listen to some music and all agree we are feeling good, slight mood lift, somewhat shaky, legs wabbaly. We then smoke a few bowls. it's about 8:30 and we debate whether to stay at my friend's house or head out to some party.  at about 9 we decide that sitting around at my friend's house for the rest of the night will not be very fun so we head out to the party. We get there still feeling good, nice body high but no visuals. After staying at the party awhile it is now 10:30 and about 2 hours since we took the initial dose, me and another friend contemplate boosting with snorting 6-7mg each, but decide against it which as it turns out is a good decison, which I will get into later. 

At about 11:15 11:30 we began to get slight visuals, eyes dialated, people's faces seem different, some patterns appear more detailed, colors somewhat enhanced. Still able to talk and interact normally. Midnight leave party now on drive home notice slight tracers from my feet as I walk to my car. As I drive home I notice blue halos around street lights and slight waving of streets but nothing overwhelming just nice calm visuals. I get home and sit down on my front porch and notice patterns in the sidewalk and things slightly breathing and waving, and heavier trails. 

Now from about 12:30-3:30 i'm tripping good I lay down and close my eyes and see some of the most beatiful closed eye visuals i've ever seen. Morphing shapes very detailed geometric images with burst of vibrating colors. At this point I begin to get worried I overdose because I thought the experience was supposed to last 4-6 hours and here I'm T+ 7hrs (2:30am) and it is more intense than it has been all night. I calm myself down and figure maybe it just took longer to get digested. I did eat dinner about an hour and a half before and a chocolate chip muffin about 20-30 after dosing. I really want to get to sleep but can't and finally at about 5:15-5:30 T+10hrs I drift off to sleep and wake up feeling a little fuzzy headed but awake and ready to got a 11am.

In conclusion I'm glad I didn't redose. I would recommend being very patient as the full effects didn't hit me until T+5hrs. So it was very easy to feel like I didn't take enough up until that point. Also I didn't experience any diarrha stomach discomfort. I though all in all it was a fun and worthwhile experience But I didn't like to long tail duration. I will next time plan better because it took almost 10hrs from when I took it to when I could finally sleep.