I tend to be conservative about drugs, having only done some occasional MJ, hash, LSD (once) and Pacific herbs.  Ayahuasca appealed to the mystic in me, but the hassles of trying to locate it were too much.  Then I discovered Salvia.

I mail-ordered a tincture of it (longer lasting effects, but not cheap) and prepared to do it "by the book."   Most of the pot I've smoked in recent years hardly effected me and I worried that I'd be a resistant "salvia hardhead" too.  Since I just finished dinner, I worried that this would also lessen the effect. 

Got the bedroom primed with a dim nightlight, a jungle-sounds CD, and a large sign with some simple metaphysical advice, in case the trip went sour. Unhooked the phone.  I figured I didn't need a sitter because I was going for a low dose this first time.

As recommended, I rinsed my mouth with mint/alcohol mouthwash and gently brushed my tongue, top and bottom.  This seemed really weird, but that's what the science guys said to do.  Next I took 3 dropper loads of tincture with 2 loads of hot water.  Under the tongue it went.  

It had a somewhat bitter nasty flavor, but wasn't intolerable.  I checked the clock and waited for the prescribed 15 minutes to elapse.  I sat on the edge of the bed for about 5 minutes, when it happened.  It wasn't like the feeling of a pot rush when "the eagle lands";  it was more like a freight train came ripping in.  I hung in there for 5 more minutes, but when room started to melt, I spit the glorious green goo into the sink.

I tried walking, which wasn't easy, since I was now on the planet Jupiter. My arms and legs weighed tons, much like I'd experienced when drinking Micronesian sakau (kava kava).  I flopped back on the bed and prayed that my wife would soon arrive.

I was a little nauseous, but not dizzy. Although my mental process was surprising lucid, I couldn't help but think, this is some amazing shit.  I couldn't even imagine what 9 dropper loads would do. 

All my plans to dispassionately observe this went to hell.  The demanding nature of your senses and the swaying visuals are too distracting, like a beautiful woman devoting all her attention to you.  I floated in this sensual void for 30 minutes.

My wife finally came home.  I was surprised (and so was she) that I could speak rationally, but I didn't want to.

There was a 45-minute afterglow with some impressive colors.  Salvia is definitely not recreational.  Next time I plan to up the dose and get a sitter.  It's not a socializing drug during its dance,  but afterward, it would be nice to be in the company of fellow salvianados.