Absolutely incredible.  I had two pills over the course of one weekend.  The second experience was far superior to the first, mostly because of my discoveries from the first.  Briefly, I will describe the first, only to put the second in perspective.
	
So, my buddy and I took the first one's around 5:45.  We then smoked a bowl, and chose to go for a walk, since it was a nice day outside.  Picked up some Gatorade and cigarettes on the way, since we'd known from our previous experiences, that we would likely be chain smoking, and sweating.  After about half an hour, we were at campus.  We chose to walk around till around 6:15, when we rented a piano room.  

By now we had begun talking our heads off, mostly about ideas for songs.  I then looked in the mirror and began to notice my pupils were huge.  I briefly felt a paper towel that was in the room, trying to become familiar with my surroundings, and realizing how incredibly awesome everything was in this otherwise mundane little room.
	
It was around 6:30 by now, and it was getting cold, so we grabbed a bus back to my buddy's place.  We both felt an incredible anxiousness as we waited on the bus, and tapped our feet to the ticking of the bus noises.  Unfortunately, both his roommates were home, and neither could be told of this experience.  So we quietly waited in his room, being careful not to attract attention.  I felt an incredible anxiousness, and constantly tapped my feet or tried to move around. 
	
By around 8:00, I looked at a comforter I was sitting on.  I rubbed it with my hand and finger tips.  I kept rubbing it.  Pure pleasure!!  I looked at my friend,'Dude,' I said, 'Feel something.'  He gave me a strange look, but still rubbed his hands on his rough textured chair.  His eyes widened, 'Oh my,' he said.  We had both discovered something incredible.  From all our research, the past few hours of our experience, and even our one previous experience, we had only just now discovered the pure pleasure resulting from touch.  We knew of things that affected virtually all other senses, but this one affected touch; made it incredible. I was one giant penis.
	
Later in the night, we had picked up a few girls.  We had mostly come down, although our pupils were still huge.  We decided to play a simple, mind-reading card game.  One person would pick a card off the top of the deck and look at it.  The other person, would look into the other's eyes, and attempt to read what color the card is.  My friend picked up the deck and I began.  I looked at his face, concentrated, and tried to read the color from his face each time.  

I felt as if his face projected red or black, and I responded according to what I felt his face projected.  Six in a row correct!  We tried this game once more with one of the girls holding the deck, and I guessed again.  Eight in a row correct!  You can interpret these results any way you like.  But, I am beginning to believe that in my state, I had some kind of enhanced capabilities, whether it be some form of telepathy, or an enhanced ability to read faces.  In a completely sober state, the most I've gotten correct is four.
	
So, the following night, we felt we had to more fully experience this new discovery of touch, so we got two more.  We took them around 11:15.  Since his roommates would all be asleep, I told him I was going to be crazy.  I just wanted to listen to music, dance, feel the rug, or all of the above.  As it came on, we both began to describe how incredible everything around us was.  We became children.  I searched for some sort of toys, I wanted G.I. Joe's, Ninja Turtles, legos, or just some toy cars.  I didn't care, but unfortunately, we had almost none of these. The feeling was very similar to a child's anxiousness as he waits for an exciting weekend his parents has planned for him.  We were giddy little kids, and I still wanted toys.  I tried to build a tent, but, we did not have the proper materials.  

My friend had pretty much been sitting down the whole time.  I wanted him to have fun, I wanted everyone to have fun and be happy.  I told him to get up and dance or something.  He had been drinking too though, and probably felt a little more lethargic than I.  I continued being crazy on my own, as he sat on his bed and watched.  I knew I was looking and acting crazy, and I didn't care.  I felt great anywayz.
	
Instead of playing with toys, I danced, and I had a great time.  Every song was awesome, and ingeniously written, no matter how many times we both heard it.  Then I sat down and fiddled with a hacky sack, as I swayed my head and closed my eyes.  I saw incredibly vivid visuals.  My friend had already had his eyes closed and watching hallucinations for about the past hour.  He described various trips through the universe as he passed by heavenly bodies and planets.  I saw similar things as well, but I also saw other things.  The music seemed to be dictating what I saw.
	
After this we finally went to sleep.  It was the most incredible experience.