I had recently purchased an ounce and a half of grade A siberian mushrooms from a website.  The sack weighed about 45 grams and was to be split between 4 people.  I and two more of the 4 people had fasted the day before to ease the nausea.  While browsing erowid reports for some more info on eating the shrooms I found a recipe to make tea.  I think the user who posted it was 'R U Trippin.'  The tea definitely works.  Anyway, we got out the sack of shrooms and chopped it in to small chunks.  I brought about 2 quarts of water to a boil and added the shrooms.  I then added a few table spoons of lemon juice to add acidity.  The water was turning a yellowish red and I was optimistic the recipe was actually working.  After 25-30 minutes of boiling I added a tea bag to cover the flavor of the bitter amanitas.  The tea bag was taken out after a few minutes and I strained the mixture and mashed the juices out of the shrooms to get all the muscimol i could get.  There was about four coffee cups full of very thick mushroom tea.  The tea smelled rather good so we put it in the fridge to let it cool off.  We were getting worried that we wouldn't have weed to cure the nausea but finally a deal came through and the sack was delivered to our appt.  We took out the tea, I put the cup to my lips and drank a small sip.  'Oh shit, that is disgusting.' I said.  Everyone took a sip and agreed.  The most horribly bitter taste I had ever experienced.  After all, it was 45 grams of strong amanita in a pint or two of liquid.  I would have rather chugged a few bottles of tussin than drinking that.  But, I decided to suck it up and chug the shit.  I could feel my stomcah instantly wanting to throw it up, but I wasn't going to waste all that fasting.  My friend Austin decided to chug his too.  The other two, matt and brandon, added Kool-Aid to their's and slowly sipped it.  Austin left with another person not on drugs to go get food, he threw up about 30 minutes to an hour into the drive.  Matt finally finished his and Brandon never did; he drank about 2/3 though.  After thirty minutes I felt very diffrent.  Very little nausea though.  I was starting to feel a bit zoned out like a low dose of dxm, and my body was numb and tingled like taking some opioids.  So far so good.  The trip was progressing rapidly for me.  Within another hour I was having visuals like an intense dxm trip and I felt VERY drunk, but not mentally, just stumbling around and such.  I thought I might be at the height of my trip, but i was wrong.  My mind was racing and my short term memory was gone.  I would walk off some place and stop and wonder how i got there.  By now, my friend who drank all of his and never threw up was feeling exactly the same as i was.  He was half-passed out lying on the floor unable to get up; I could talk to him though.  My vision was so blurry now i couldn't see the TV screen from a few feet away.  I also was lying on the ground now, I felt like i was slowly passing out, like over a 2 hour period.  I layed on the ground with my eyes closed, completely oblivious that i was even in an apartment with people.  I didn't know what was happening, I just layed down in a semi-conscious state of mind for what seemed only like minutes, but when i awoke I looked at the clock and nearly 4 hours had passed.  While I was laying down i thought i and everyone else had died from an amanita overdose, but they were still there.  The other two who hadn't drank quite as much were in a giddy drunken state.  They watched a couple of movies and seemed to enjoy the shrooms.  My other friend retired to his bed to pass out again.  I however, decided to eat a huge plate of nachos.  Big mistake.  I stuffed them down in a matter of minutes and they came right back up, all over the apartment.  Anyways, thats about all i can remember of the trip now, I can say i didn't enjoy it very much but I also drank WAY too much.  Try the recipe with about half of the dose we had.  Good luck.