[Erowid Note: 
The doses described in this report are potentially life threatening. The amount taken is beyond a heavy dose and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Doses such as this have been known to cause hospitalizations and/or deaths.]

My evening started off after a long day. I have high tollerances to almost all pharms, so even high doses have little effect on me. Please note I am including the pharms I took earlier in the day to provide setting, this report is about the codeine and clonazepam. Below is the chronology in which I dosed the pharms:

1500 (3:00) 20mg Hydrocodone / 650 APAP (2 Norco 10/325)
 - This didn't do much for me except a little mood lift and relieve my pain

1630 (4:30) 200mg Codeine Phosphate. I took this as a pick me up and an adjunct to the Norco because I recently broke my ankle two days ago.

Several hours pass

2200 (10:00) 10mg Alprazolam (yes, 10mg Xanax). This is WAY more than medically recommended but I have a substantial tollerance. I was looking for a come down from the day to wind down. In addition to the Alprazolam, I took 4mg Clonazepam, 100mg Oxazepam, and 20mg Diazepam.

I am a medical professional and have the means in my household to estabish an IV drip of D5LR with Flumazenil (Benzodiazepine antagonist) which works on a 'dead-man's-switch.' That means if I lose consciousness and stop clamping the drip, the flumazenil begins to self administer to reverse the benzos in rapid fashion. This is still very dangerous, but safer than no safeguard at all.

After becoming relaxed, I did some work on my computer for several hours until about midnight. At this time, I got the idea to give a try at insufflating Codeine and Clonazepam. I split some of my meds, and crushed them with my mortar/pestle to a fine powder. Below is the result...

I decided to make two lines of both powders (12.5 codeine and 0.5 clonazepam). The first line of each I insufflated on their own. This was the first time I had ever insufflated anything, and to my surprised it didn't burn nearly as bad as expected. With the remaining two lines (one of each med) I combined them, and drew them in as a single line. The experience that followed amazed me, even given the fact I daily take upwards of 600mg codeine, 50mg hydrocodone, and 8mg xanax (or 6mg clonazepam).

About 10 minutes after insufflation, I noticed a high or buzz much like that I remember when I was being sedated before dental surgery. It was very pleasant, and I felt very relaxed. The benzo (clonazepam) created a very creative and almost 'giddy' type of reaction similar to most other benzodiazepines, except this time at a much lower dose and on a much more enjoyable level (especially considering my tollerance). The codeine gave me the classic opioid rush that I expected, but oddly even though it was a very rapid onset compared to oral dosing, it was much softer (ie I didn't get an agitated or anxious buzz like I sometimes do from high doses of opioids). I suspect this was due to the concomitant administration of the benzo (clonazepam) which took the negative (bad part) of the codeine edge off, which potentiating the rest of the rush. The codeine seemed to have a similar effect on the clonazepam as well, in that my uplifted mood and energeticness that I often get after opioids prevented the clonazepam from causing any drowsiness or adverse effects.

Overall the experience lasted only about 45 minutes, and the doses involved were low, but I would definately say that regardless of route of exposure, benzos plus opioids are my dual drug of choice (and I am lucky enough to have an almost unlimited supply of both from my physicians due to health issues). I feel insufflation is probably the best way to get the quickest and strongest reaction as I have described above, but as an organic chemist, I am attempting to devise a way to make many of the opioids and benzos soluble in physiological pH solution for injection, which would allow mainlining to be the optimum means of administration.