Some friends and I pitched in together to try another of Alexander Shulgin's children and ordered 5-MeO-MiPT.  Over the next three months I would try this substance five times at varying doses all with absolutely beautiful results.  My favorite dose being 13.5mg.  I found no negative effects occurring in any of the initial doses except the last two times I took it at 15 mg I felt an increase in heart rate but it was controllable the first time.  My report will be about the second try at 15 mg.  I will say (to try not to focus on the negative) that I found all of the experiences to be filled with the most beautiful colors I mean to say to such an extreme it is left without words to describe but I will try.  I felt as if the world was made of color as the sky divided around me the trees breathed and colors radiated off of them and everything else.  My vision I felt was actually enhanced.  One friend of mine who needs glasses due to bad eyesight said he could see just fine without them finally.  I wonder if this chemical actually does enhance vision.

Those were my initial runs. After that time at 15mg I decided I would stop there due to the increase in heart rate scaring me a little, This report will be about the last try at 15mg in which I couldn't keep my heart rate under control.

2330 – Take substance mixed with Calpis (Japanese drink) and turn on aqua teen hunger force so I'm not bored while waiting for the drug to hit.

2345 – After the first segment gets over I feel the first hints of the chemical tension in my legs, stretching a lot.

2355-0100 – I'm feeling a little nauseous more so than usual during this hour. The coming up is normally pretty bad but this is horrible. Wow things are moving a lot.  I decide I need to walk it off at around 0100 thinking that walking might help.  As I get up my heart starts accelerating. I go to put my boots on and fall to the ground.  While down I feel my heart to check, trying to work through the hallucinations and bad body feeling and get an accurate idea of where I stand.  My heart is beating way too fast. I would say to a dangerous level though I couldn't accurately check in my state.  I tell my friends I have to lay down. I walk to my friends couch and during the walk begin to black out as my heart rate increases even more. I see the blackness come in around my eyes.  I'm not talking an alcohol black out I'm talking the same type of black out I would get from being punched too hard and I'll be honest the black out from my first tattoo felt the exact same.  When I blacked out during my first tattoo it was because I wasn't breathing so I didn't get enough oxygen to my brain and I think that may have been why this black out felt the same.

I lay there for the next hour under watch of one of my close friends who brought me water and other things till I came through.  Once my heart slowed down a bit I got up and honestly enjoyed the rest of the experience watching a bridge that I'm guessing is a quarter to half a mile long bend with the stars as I lay under it looking up at the sky.  I found myself at peace with everything. I lay there and tears came to my eyes as I was realizing that I couldn't come back here ever again, I couldn't risk it.

The next day I had no trouble except for every once in a while it felt like my heart would skip a beat (I knew it wasn't skipping beats but it felt like it) and over the next couple of days I would get sharp pains in the area of my heart.  Now a week later I am fine and have no trouble.

I won't warn against this substance due to the fact all my friends who took this substance had no trouble at doses way higher than me. This experience was a learning one and I feel good about it.  From now on I will be more aware of my body's signs.