I used to trip on acid every weekend when I lived in Florida, in 9th grade. Then when I moved back to Tx I discovered the joy of smoking cannabis, and its effects on me then were markedly different. I would smoke out and then go lay in my bed watching strange closed eye visuals of lego men and things. Sadly I have lost this ability, but at least now I can go out in public after smoking.

So, taking that into consideration, I took 45 big leaves from my mom's coleus plant (wizard mix), shredded them, put them in a mason jar and poured boiling water on them. Then I closed the lid, shook, and let brew for 5 hours. That night I strained out the leaves and was left with two, plastic, red-punch cups. The resulting brew didn't really taste that bad, sort of like almonds or some other nut in liquid form. I drank it quickly, holding my nose anyways. Then I sat outside and smoked 3 cigarette size joints, till about 1/4 left of each. I took about an hour to do that and by then I was really stoned. However, I wasn't sure if I was feeling the coleus yet. So,I went to my room.
       
I lay in bed for maybe 10 minutes before it hit me; It was nice to have it actually kick in as a distinguishable difference. I felt a surge of energy, electrify my hypno-like relaxed body in a really pleasurable way. It was comparable to ecstacy, but not the same, less intense, more psychedelic. I was seeing nice patterns that were like tesselations that warped into different things, I saw flocks of cyclops tit-headed monsters at one point, but after awhile my mind took on a weird state. I was carrying on a conversation in my head when I suddenly decided to change the subject, only another part of me seemed to go on with the previous line of conversation. Meanwhile on my eyelids I saw a line going off in the direction of the new conversation while another line depicted the old conversation. I changed the line of coversation several more times. I would continue to see the line but once it got to far away the conversation would fade from my hearing also.

I fell asleep at some point I can't remember. I awoke the next morning well rested. Although I enjoyed the experience I have yet to repeat it and I doubt that it would affect the same way anymore.