Background info: I'm 16, 143 lbs. Prior to this event I had drank the night before, and taken some Concerta 2 days before.

I started the night with my friends, playing some music in his room. About 2 hours after this my friend called me and was having a hotel party and he mentioned that there would be a keg there. Several days before this, a friend of mine gave me 3 10mg tablets of Ambien. I gave one to my friend the next night, and kept the remaining 2 for myself. In my bag I also had 2 .25mg white pills of Xanax which I obtained from my dad. 

So we got to my party and it was really cool. It was my friend birthday and the ambience was very nice, pretty chill. I knew or at least recognized most of the people there. There was about 15 of them at the time. I walked into the back room and there was some alcohol in a blue duffel bag that people were drinking from. I didn't really feel like getting drunk that night, so I just had 3-4 swigs and maybe 1/4 of a bottle of beer. I'm not sure why I drank that knowing that I wouldn't get drunk and would be driving anyways...

At the time my mindset was awesome. I was with most of my good friends in a nice, chill, and secure atmosphere with people that I trusted. It was getting kind of boring, so I decided to take me 2 pills of Xanax to test them out. I didn't feel to much until I sat down and my legs definetly felt relaxed and such. I got bored again so I decided to take my 2 pills of Ambien. I had never taken Ambien before and I really wish I wouldn't have. 

The effects came quite fast, within 15-20 minutes I was sitting in a chair talking to my friend and his girlfriend. Several people noticed me and asked if I was alright, and I replied I was fine at the time because I was still feeling pretty nice. I then got up and felt quite drunk, it was getting hard to walk, I was stubling and slurring my words alot. I went and sat on the bed in the bedroom with a bunch of people and started talking to this one girl for awhile. She asked how I was feeling and if I was alright. I told her that I felt drunk, minus the socialness. Usually when I'm drunk, I'm quite social, not to the point of being annoying but just happy and talkative.

Soon enough it was time to leave. I left about 1 1/2 hours after I consumed the four pills. I remember the last thing that my friends asked, was if he thought I could make it home. I replied yes because I consider myself quite expirienced while driving drunk.  [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!] 

I was driving alright until I got onto the highway, I noticed that I was swerving quite a bit and tried to focus but I couldn't. I was getting off at my exit and at the end there is a stoplight where I needed to turn left. I misjudged my distance and slammed right into the back of a SUV going quite fast. My airbag didn't go off and thank god I was wearing my seatbelt otherwise I would probably be dead right now. I got out of the car unharmed and talked to the people, and they said they had called the cops to come and that they were all right. When the cops arrived I was quite calm mentally, but physically my legs were kind of shaky and nervous. I showed him my id and registration and such. He asked if I was alright and I replied yes, Then he asked if I had been drinking tonight, and I replied that I had not drank, taken any drugs or any of that. 

He then informed me that the people behind me said that I was swerving alot and going onto the shoulder. I took a sobreighty test and failed 3 of the tests pretty bad because I could barely see straight from the Ambien. He said that I failed and that I was under arrest for Driving Under the Influence. He put me in cuffs and took me to the station. They were positive that I was drunk and they asked me to take a breathalyzer. I agreed and blew in, and the results were straight down 0's. I had passed with ease, I'm not sure how because I had drank a little the before this. Confused, he then called in the expert-drug guy and had him test me. I was extensively tested for almost 2 hours with variations of pupil/sobreighty tests which I passed all with ease. However my pupils were dialed and he was concerned. He gave me a UA and said the results would be complete in 2 weeks. My dad took me home and we talked. I smoked weed 2 weeks prior to the UA so I'm not sure if I'll pass or not. I do not smoke it habitually.

This was a horrible night, I almost took my life, I might be in law trouble, I owe thousands of dollars debt, and I totalled my car. Please do not drive if you are on any of these drugs and have a friend take you home. I didn't think that this was possible to happen to me, and it did.