I usually don't write out trip reports, but this time is different, I almost became a PERMANT Parkinsons patient at the local hospital, so I wanted to warn others. 

I have been using different forms of Gena for quite some time now, some (such as the current bdo) have been very close to anti-freeze. . . however these didn't start the problem.

The problem started after recieving Geodon from a local pain management clinic. I was told to take 2 20 mgs a day, on the second day I accidently took my dose twice, which may have hurrried the onset, as I noticed afterwards lockjaw. . . I didn't even know this was a real medical term, lockjaw. . .but I couldn't close my mouth, except only occasionally. Like if I pushed my mouth and head together. I would every once in awhile be able to say a single word, such as mom, or pop. where the lips must touch, mmmmm. I remember constantly trying to meditate and go OMMMMMMMM, but I couldn't get the mmm sound out. . . . which made it even more scary. I kept taking higher dosages of bdo to get occasional relief, even it was just an hour of sleep.

The next day I seemed fine for awhile, then my  mouth clamped down, like an opposite lockjaw, and I had rolled my shirt up tightly and chewed on it, at that moment I would have killed for a pacifier. . . 

It was on this third day of takin two twenty mg pills of geodon, I became aware that the bdo may have been causing the CNS misfire. after I took the bdo to get relief, I noticed INTENSE lockjaw again as the bdo was kicking in. LUCKILY  my mother came over to say hello, and I was just waking up from the bdo induced sleep and was still able to talk normal (no lock jaw at the moment, and told her to come back later just in case) when she came back later, I don't know if it was the bdo wearing off and the surge of dopamine that caused it, or if it was the bdo effects itself, but I am certain these substances DO NOT mix. 

The pain mangement emergency line told me to try taking benadryl, which didn't help. So they foned in some form of an anti-parkinsons to the local drug store. I tried to take these pills and I could only get the first down, then I started to choke and couldn't breathe. I ran out to  my parents car as they drove to the ER I was gasping for breathe  the whole time, but I never did lose the ability to breathe.

At the ER I did keep getting worse even after they gave me a few injections however, the nurse was like wow, you're still going after a second one. . .? I am assuming it was benadryl injections?

About an hour later, still in the hospital, my neck locked up and to the left. I know it sounds like the JFK video, UP  and to the LEFT. . . I was looking just like a parkinsons patient, except my hand wasn't up in the air yet. IMMEDIATELY after my neck locked up the doctor who was observing me across the hall sent in a nurse to give me an injection of valium. I didn't think it would help, but the slow injection which again I took well over twice what they expected slowly released my neck, then my jaw, etc. . . .

They kept me just long enough to finish my paper work and make sure the injection had completely 'relieved' my symptoms, and told me to NEVER take GEODON again. At home I went straight to bed, being highly medicated and WAY past my bedtime. . . When I woke up I started reading about the side effects of geodon online, and I was amazed any doctor could ever give this stuff to anyone!  I would rather have been given codeine or some other HIGHLY addictive substance. Guess its just a preference but I would rather have a tough battle of stopping a medication and getting diareah, than a tough battle where I am trying to find the right dosage to make me able to walk again. . .  
 
So I'm at home the next day and haven't tried any geodon, so I thought I would take some adderrall and bdo to get a nice buzz. . I didn't want any teeth grinding so I took the bdo, with the amp. After the effects of the amped wore off, about the same time the bdo was wearing off. . .I started to get the feeling of lockjaw again. . my teeth were grinding, but luckily my jaw hadn't locked up. . . I mean what would I say in the emergency room this time?

So like I had suspected earlier, the bdo was what caused the interference in my CNS. It was as the bdo was wearing off, which leads me to believe its the sudden surge of DOPAMINE that makes the interference. I am not sure tho. . . all I know is I almost relapsed by taking bdo, even without the GEODON. . .

I waiting over the weekend to make this post, and I still have a slight grinding of the teeth. So I hope I don't become a parkinsons patient in the future as a result of this bad experience.

Anyway I still feel as if I can never again take bdo, or any gena for that matter. 
I have no allergies at all so you can imagine my surprise when I had such a severe reaction to this geodon. it HAD  to be the gena. . . it is also similar to seratonin sydrome btw.  

my jaw still hurts.