I have experienced loads of trips with mushrooms and LSD, so one day after hearing tall tails of what Salvia does, I decided to give it a go. 
 
After work one night (bartender), I went over to a cousins house and talked him into sitting for me while I tried this stuff out that so many of my friends have given me rave reviews about. I grabed the bong and took two huge hits as my cousin reloaded the bowl after each hit. I fail to recall handing the bong off after my second blast, but what followed left me in a bewildered state of mind. I have had some really strange trips in my days, but what I seen that night left me pondering about the images i seen for days. The experience I am about to share with all of you has taken me months to find words for so please bear with me.
 
I recall looking around me and seeing absolute nothingness; no floor, no lights, utter nothing. I looked behind me and took notice to what i called a singularity, just as I took sight of it, a blast of knowledge shot forth through my body and with it I seen the creation of life and all things that carries. I soon began to notice what was happening to me and started to understand it just a tad more. I seen packs of information open before my eyes and in those packs of information I seen entire creation and destruction of universies. Starting to enjoy the voyage i embarked on, I looked deeper into each fragment of knowledge. I soon became aware that I was veiwing all the joy and pain a person could experience in their life within a fraction of a second, but I was seeing billions of these lives in such rapid amounts that I became afraid. I remember telling something that I was afraid and wanted to go home. Just as soon as i said my last statement I was placed in a golden field of glowing hay. I then seen a beautiful tree leaning over a pond; as I took one step towards that pond I was out of my Salvia experience.
 
I have never been a religous guy in any sence of the word, but that experience left me searching for answers that I still to date have not found the answers for. Take what I have experienced as you wish either good or bad, but I am still afraid to have another go at it.