Before last night, I had never done any drug besides a lot of pot. I am always open to new experinces so I was happy when my friend Kevin made the offer of mushrooms to me.

 The one negative thing I had heard about mushrooms was the taste, but Kevin said he had that taken care of. He prepared the mushrooms by crushing them up and mixing them in with melted chocolate, then pouring it into a ice cube tray to make small cubes of chocolate mushrooms. When they had dried he took them out and wrapped them in foil, then refridgerated til we were ready to trip. 

We took three 'cubes' with us that night to a party, one for me, one for Kevin and one for his girlfriend Michelle. We ate them around 10:00pm, and they didn't taste bad at all, just sort of like chewy chocolate. After about 20 minutes I started to feel something, but I wasn't sure if I was really trippin yet because I had never tripped before. After an hour I really started to feel good, just very relaxed and enjoying listening to people talk and watch their mouths move.

On this particular night there was an intense lighting storm going on outside, so us three decided to go out on the back porch and enjoy it. Once I got outside I realized how much more comfortable I was when we weren't around so many people. After watching the lightning for a while, it started to drizzle, which was the most amazing feeling. It felt like everytime a drop hit my skin, it would send a rippling sensation throughout my body, kind of like what happens when you through a rock in a pond. It just felt so amazing lying there, but after about 30 mins it started to rain harder, so I went inside again. 

I really was feeling good, but I wanted to be by myself because most people there were drunk and I felt like they were to loud and rowdy for me. I got home and lay in my bed, feeling physically exausted but not like I was about to fall asleep. I started shaking my head back and fourth and watched in amazement as my room began to jump all over the place. 

The next day I realized how similar it was to the song 'Bouncing Around the Room' by Phish. I closed my eyes and I suddenly was in another world, soaring down an endless, colorful tunnel. I didn't get to sleep that night til around 3am, and woke up for no reason at 7am. I found in the morning that I could remember most of what happened the night before, but found it diffucult to remember what I had done during the day.

Looking back I realize what an incredibly awesome experince it was, but I would recommend at least for the first few times tripping in a quiet setting with a few good friends, not a big party. Some time alone is good as well just to explore your mind and truly feel the drugs effects with out having to worry about much else.