Please note that my set and setting were poor for this experience.  I was under extreme stress and I always find it good to<!-- do not condone the use of any of the listed substances while under extreme stress. It is always good to--> have a clear and open mind while experimenting with any psychoactive substance.

It was about 8 PM when my girlfriend decided to dump me at the park we had visited many times while we were going out. It turns out that she was not ready to be in a committed relationship, as she was heading off to college several states away from me in only a few weeks. I was deeply involved in her and this really crushed me emotionally. She left the park by saying that she understood if I hated her and never wanted to talk again. I really had nothing to say at the moment. I drove home and immediately started thinking of ways to get my mind off of this horrible experience. I had happened to have four Vicodin in a bag on my desk that I had gotten for free from a friend the day before. The Vicodin was expired and I was iffy about taking it, however, it was only expired by a month or two, which really is not a big deal.

So at about 9:30 PM I swallowed each pill one by one, each downed with water. At about 10 PM I put on some pink floyd and inhaled a single nitrous oxide cartridge. I started to feel the effects rush on afterwards. I felt really good and decided to forgive my ex-girlfriend for her decision, I texted her to call me so I could tell her on the phone. After that I decided it would be nice to talk to someone in person to get my mind off the situation so I went to talk to my mom. We talked about different substances and life in general relating to drug use. I didn't make it apparent that I was on anything, we have these sorts of conversations openly. At about 11 PM I went upstairs because my ex-girlfriend was calling me. We talked for about 8 minutes in which I forgave her for breaking up with me. I started rambling about how great of a person she was and that she'll find someone better in college. We ended the conversation agreeing to stay good friends. Afterwards I talked online to a few of my friends. One of my friends had been hanging out with the wrong type of people and we got in a really deep conversation about how she could change her lifestyle for the better. I talked to her from about 11:30 PM to about 2:15 AM. Over the course of this time I inhaled 6 more nitrous oxide cartridges. As I write this report it is 2:30 AM and the Vicodin has almost completely worn off. The night started horrible but ended good knowing everyone was peaceful with each other and no one was mad. I even helped my friend with some really deep and logical advice on her lifestyle.

The high I get from 20 MG Vicodin is really amazing when mixed with nitrous oxide. I felt very at easy even through all the stress of breaking up with my girlfriend only hours earlier. Not only did I help myself but I helped those around me cope with their own problems. I really think that Vicodin is a wonderful substance that can change people's lives, however, it is addictive. I did not end the night without feeling slightly depressed knowing that my wonderful high was ending and I had taken my entire stash of Vicodin with no new source of obtaining any. Overall it was worth it. I'll be ending my report with a single nitrous oxide cartridge to help me get to sleep.

-Scott<!--Remember to be wise about your experimentation. Always research substances on Erowid before you try them. Never do new substances alone until you know how your body will react to them. Be safe and support Erowid!  -->