I recently read an article in The Independant (National Newspaper In Britain) talking about the Social problems in somalia caused by Khat leaves. The most interesting part for me was that it stated that despite being illegal in many countries (including the USA) it is available here in Britain legally.

The following day I purchased some from an online retailer. I invited a likeminded friend round to share the experience with. We ripped off all the green stems and leaves and put them in our gums. We soon realised that the best way to get a hit out of this method was to occasionally take them out of the gums, give them a little chew, and put them back in the gums. After about 15 minutes they become a flavourless pulp. We decided to swallow them for a maximum effect. With the bark we chopped it up and boiled it in water. Mixed with sugar it didn't taste too bad.

We went out to a few pubs, and continued chewing. It was probably about an hour after first chewing them that we started to feel high. I would say it is most simular to cocaine, but without the sudden rushey feeling. My friend also noted that she saw a few things around her glowing, although i did not get this affect at all.

We continued to take them whilst socialising with friends in pubs. We were very aware that people may have noticed our dirty teeth, and lumps in our gums. Nobody, however commented and given the crowd we were with I would take this to mean that they did not notice. I suffer badly from red-eye and dilated pupils when taking substances, but this did not seem to affect my eyes. 

We found that it mixed very well with alcohol in the same way that coke does. On returning home sleep seemed unlike an option and we needed several joints to bring us down. This gave a dizzy feeling, but had the desired affect, and we went to sleep.

The next morning I suffered a bit of a comedown. I was sitting in the dark undecided as to whether i wanted to be alone or in company. This puzzle lasted me a couple of hours until my friend woke up. She felt no ill effects, and after a couple of hours and a long walk i was fine.

Overall a very nice experience, and well worth the money. Apparantly you can get them much cheaper at specialist somali greengrocers in certain parts of london. I will endevour to find some when I am in London next month.