Gravol (Dimenhydrinate 50mg x 20) Female, 55kg.

Last night, (03/29/00) on a whim I decided to try Gravol. I had heard various thing about it being hallucinogenic, tho I didn't recall hearing any first hand experiences for friends. I went to the drugstore and bought a 30 blister pack of Gravol. When we got back to one of my friend's apartment I dropped eleven caps. Shortly after that I dropped another 4, then decided to wait an hour and a half to see how it was kicking in (I should add here that I had no idea what an apropriate dosage for somone of my weight would be. I just guessed)  After a little over and hour I was starting to feel it and was having some very minor hallucinations. These were mostly slightly shifting patterns, and the feeling that I was being draw into them... At that point I went home, not wanting to walk through my neighbourhood while totally fucked. (About 30 min after taking the 15 I was feeling nauseaous and was developing a rather bad headache)

When I got home I dropped another 5 caps, and extra strength acetominophen and a caffeine pill (100mg), as my trip didn't seem to be going anywhere but I didn't feel like sleeping. I sat at the computer for a few hours during which time the trip didn't seem very intense at all. 

I was beginning to get into a disassociative state, sort of similar to acid. The visuals were a bit more noticable than at the beginning of the trip, my tracers (which I have perminantly) were intensified and any smooth or lightly textured white object seemed to have a yellow gel or liquid rippling over the surface. I also noticed that if I stared at any white space for longer than a few seconds, a semi-opaque whitish object that vaguely reminded me of a creamy looking jellyfish would start to rise out of the surface and the bulbous part would look like it was reaching up to my face...

After a bit I decided to go to bed and at least lie down. I know I spent quite a while staring at my ceiling and the wall opposite my bed. My wall appeared like a projection screen to me. Pictures of various objects such as bottles and baby prams and kitchen utensils would float across the wall. These all had the same yellowish translucent jelly look that the white objects had before. The ceiling in my bedroom is white stuccoed with a pink butterfly hanging from the over head lamp. The stucco on the ceiling would form into extremely elaborate patterns and I kept seeing pink butterflies walking on the ceiling.

This morning when I woke up I was expecting to have come down from my trip and maybe have a hangover at worst... boy was I unpleasantly surprised... I was tripping about 10 times as hard as I was last night. I was shaking and having small convulsions and felt terrible, so I tried to go back to sleep. After a couple of hours of tossing and turning I managed to get to sleep again, but when I woke later I was still in my trip. 

During the early morning one of the friends I was with last night came by. I was trying to tell her about what was happening but I couldn't even speak without a great deal of effort. I tried standing up a few times but each time I would fall over. It was like blacking out only it was more like having my vision consumed by a bright white light. I found walking to be nearly impossible, I seemed to have no sense of balance or depth perception and everytime I moved my head it would be like the rest of the world was on an elastic cord atached to me, so that everything would swing back and forth before snapping into my frame of vision... 

My coordination was completely gone. I couldn't lift a glass to drink out of or ajust my glasses without banging or poking myself. Also communication was impossible. I would forget what I was saying every two words, and I'd just be unable to listen to anyone. Also by this point my hallucinations were becoming more and more indistinguishable from reality.

Through out all of today the effects of it were wearing off, tho my balance is still horrible (I nearly fell down the stairs 5 times) and my memory isn't what it should be. I also haven't gotten my depth perception back. I was trying to draw earlier today and I kept getting the feeling that I was going to fall into the paper, beacause it was so white and I was so focused on the centre of it that there was nothing visible in my peripheral vision to compare it too. Kind of like seeing stars in space...

The pre-sleep part of my trip was very intersting, it made me a little paranoid but I was well aware that all my hallucinations were just that. It was nothing too fabulous...

My post-sleep part of the trip wasn't pleasant at all. It was scary and disorienting to be unable to control one's body and it was far too intense... I think particularly because I experienced all this being for the most part unaware of whether any of these effects were normal or if the dosage I took was too high...

I think I'd try dimenhydrinate again, but definetely not regularly... It seems like a very anti-social drug and the trip isn't pleasant enough for regular use to be worth it...