I had been going through some tough times during my young life. On top of many other problems, I had just ended a solid 16 month relationship with a girl I was very attached to, so all I wanted to do was go out and forget my worries.

I met up with my brother, who suggested I go with him to get drunk. After a few bad experiences with liquor, in one instance going to hospital after going into a coma, I refused the offer but suggested going tripping. I had only had half a tab before, that being about 2 weeks prior to the experience. My brother and I got picked up by his dealer, who went out and got the LSD for us. About 15 minutes after sticking the blotter under my tongue, I chewed it up, swallowed it, and had a couple of tokes.

Sitting in their lounge about another 15 minutes later, I began to notice the effects. Their lamp shade created patterns of shadows across the walls. These patterns became purple segments of colour, moving around as I moved my eyes. The next noticable thing was when I closed my eyes, and I would get a still picture of the last thing I had seen. The picture was dull and flat in colour, and within seconds, would gradually sharpen into bright vivid images. I enjoyed this effect and sat there amazed at it for possibly a good half an hour.

4 of us then decided to go into town for a walk, and we took one of the persons dogs with us. I was quiet for the first 10 odd minutes of the walk, until suddenly I looked down at this dog and just shouted at the top of my lungs 'Get the fuck out of my way!' I have no idea why I did it, I don't even recall it being in my way. The other 3 just laughed at this, but this uncontrollable anger continued. As we kept on walking, all I could think about was kicking this dogs head in and shouting at it, and I love dogs!

As we got into town, I continued these bizarre outbursts, but began targeting them at strangers as they went by in their cars. I remember my brother telling me to shut up as I was going to get my head kicked in if I continued this, but I not only didn't care, I sort of didn't realise I was doing it. It was damn weird. So after about 2 or 3 hours in town, and shouting at people and dogs, we walked home.

When we got there I sat down and began to settle down a bit. I lay back on the bed and started spinning out on the roof. It changed from white to a reddy pink colour, and a wave began running in a circle around the hanging light. I enjoyed this effect and spent most of the night just staring at the roof.

I can't explain my spontaneous anger, as I was in more a depressed mood than a mad mood before I took the acid. Perhaps it was just a release of emotions.