One night my friends and I were wanting something to do, but none of us had very much money.  We then relized that we could buy a case of nitrous oxide canisters for $25 for 24 canisters, so we went out and bought 3 cases ( between 5 people it wasn't too much money).  We then had to buy the cracker which cost about 15 dollars and fortunately one of my friends had punching balloon to do the whip-it's out of.  

Around 8 o'clock we started doing the nitrous and they were a lot of fun, we did them on my trampoline 1 at a time so when one person did one the rest would jumping making this is extremely intense high, also right after we bought them the 4 other in the car that weren't driving all did one at the same time in a car going about 80, the driver said it was insane for him to watch us.  

I then soon got bored of only having 30 second intense highs so I remembered that I still had about a half full bottle of ketaset (my father is a vet so I have access to a lot of good stuff).  I drew up 45mg in a one ml syringe and took the keta in my calf muscle, I then had my friend blow me up a baloon and I told him as soon as I tell you put the balloon in my mouth.  I waited about 2 minutes and the Ketaset was making my body go very numb and I knew it was time for me to do my whipit.  I did it, and let me tell you it was the most intense experiance of my life,  The music playing in my room became very high pitched, yet I could still hear the infamous wooshing noise from the whipits and I felt as if I was falling extremely quickly.  Then after 30 seconds ( which to me felt like hours) the whipits wore off and I was left with my very intense high from the ketamine.  

I laid on my bed most of the night very lost wondering where I was at and what time it was (I was in my room and I was told that I was asking about the time every 5 minutes).  One of my friends then to mess with me head began to call my telephone then hang up right as I answered and this drove me to the point of almost crying so he stopped.  My friends then turned on all my blacklights (I have three 4 foot ones in my room) and the music they turned up and they broke out their stashes of cocaine and heroin and things began to liven up some more.  They covered themselves from head to toe in this blacklight reactive gel that I have and danced in front of me for what felt like forever, this however was very cool they had ton of trails.  

Around 2 am everyone left and I was ready to go to sleep since my K had worn off, but I still wasnt at baseline,  I then took a shower and went to bed.  Overall I think Ketamine and Nitrous Oxide is the best combination for drugs I've ever experianced<!--, I recommend trying it if your into such things.  Have fun, and be careful-->.