One night I was approached by a friend at work and I was asked if I was interested in purchasing some Special K. I am an open-minded person and I was willing to try out a little of it. It was strange that the previous night I watched a program on the Discovery Channel about the likeness of a near death experience to the effects of K. I was intrigued by the descriptions of the out of body experience that the drug provides. So the day after I was approached about it I went to another friend's house where the man with the shit was. So I purchased a nice sized twenty bag and received a complimentary line. The man said that that one line would get me off for hours and should hit me instantly. I waited for about a half an hour and did another line. 

As soon as I got up from my seat I felt it hit me. The effects were strange, like nothing I've ever felt before. During the first wave I was hyper and acted child-like, playing with some toy guns lying around. Then as time passed, my head began to spin uncontrollably. I struggled for control but everyone there who did it told me to just let go and let it ride itself out. As I settled on the couch I felt a disconnection. With substances such as ecstacy and acid you feel a bond with those who have done the drug with you. I didn't feel that with this drug. I felt cold, alone, like I didn't belong. I began to panic inside. I got up and babbled something about going outside. I had trouble focusing on my surroundings and my speech. I stumbled outside and smoked a cigarette. I felt a gap in my conscousness. 

I was somehow thinking on two levels. One being my normal train of thought, and the other was just fucked-up drug induced paranoia. I began to feel like I was going to die. So I walked around a bit to shake these thoughts from my head. I felt as if I was driving a machine around and my real self was inside my body, my machine. Then someone came outside and talked to me for a bit. This brought me back to sanity for a moment. I was upset with the effects of the drug so I gave the rest of mine to the person that came outside to talk with me. So, everyone was in the living room watching a movie passing around some blunts. I think the weed brought me down some, but not as much as watching the movie and laughing. I felt that I needed to return to my humanity, or sanity. The spinning settled and I went home with some knowledge: 'There's nothing special about Special K.'