Well anyways, since this was the only nootropic I could purchase at my local Vitamin Shoppe, I decided to break a twenty on a bottle of 90 10mg Vipocetine tablets.

I didn't notice anything peculiar, as per usual with nootropics (ie: DMAE), until about an hour into my web-surfing.  It was about 11:00, and I wasn't feeling tired at all.  Although this sounds pretty unusual to most people, it is for me, as I go to sleep at around 9pm at the latest on school nights.

So, I am reading about thirty emails that I have neglected to reply to, and as I wrote, ideas seemed to flow more fluidly.  I wasn't really thinking about what I was typing, the thoughts just went straight from my brain to my fingers as I typed continuously, in a positively happy mood!

I usually have to force myself to say nice, joking things to my friends and family, but tonight, I didn't even have to think twice about it.  As the night progressed, I got more and more work done.  It was one of the most productive evenings I have had in weeks, and it didn't feel the least bit stimulating.

I stayed up until about 1am, without tiring and decided it was time for me to hit the sack.  Not because I was sleepy, but because I knew that I needed the rest.

I practically had to force myself to go to sleep because of the utter wakefulness I was consumed in. The wakefulness was more of a continuation of what I normally feel at about 10 in the morning, when I have fully woken up for the day.  There was no extra energy that seemed to be overpowering me like to much coffee or amphetamines.  It was the wildest thing, just watching the clock role by hour after hour, and page after page of work getting completed with little to no effort.  All from the Vinpocetine.  Ahh it feels good to be smart!

Ah yes, I also noted that my mental capacity had a higher affinity for number crunching in particular.  I haven't tried multiplication and such, but adding and subtracting became a breeze, and while working on my database project, I found it much easier to look at a set of numbers, look away, and be able to enter in all the data from memory... It was somewhat reminiscent of a low-end photographic memory.