okay it all started on Friday as I got to school, I bought 2 codeine wich I have long missed and one percacet from my freind  for 13$, I was gonna wait for after school to do it, but in this school you need to be high to get through class.

It started as I got to first hour and took out my first pill, in the past i have tooken 4 pills at the most orally and had the greatest time sninking into my bed and I wanted it to hit me faster so I had the idea of just sniffing the pill.  I got out my book and proceeded to crush up the pill, first I broke it in half and put the other half in my pocket, I proceeded to crush up the half pill and then rolled up a dollar pill and sniffed the line, the high hit me immediatly, and I felt so good that I really didn't need the others but hey, theirs nothing wrong with getting higher, so I proceed to crush up the other half and invited my friend to hit half the line seeing that I was already fucked up, he did and went to go sit down and he probably fell asleep, I then sniffed the other half and got it down with a little trouble, not much.

Waves of codeine pleasure were hitting me I couldn't feel my legs or my arms and my friend kept punching me but I couldn't feel it! I was really fucked up and not thinking and didn't care so I pulled out my whole other pill and crushed it up, broke it up into 3 lines and sniffed 2 and let me friend hit the other line, both of us were extremely high at this point.  I couldn't feel my face at this point, my legs felt pleasurably itchy and I felt as if I was moving in water, I lay their just stunded at my high and feeling really good, I went and layed on the floor and as I did the bell rang for classes to switch, it took my what seemed like forever to get up and the same with walking all the way to my next class, spanish.

There, I anxiously pulled out my percacet pill, say my friend on the way to class and he gave me another percacet pill, save that for tonight* ;)  I take out my school ID card and cut the pill down the middle, crush up half to be on the safe side<!--since I am mixing opiates and narcotics-->, dont wanna heave over and die in the class room, I got done crushing the pill rolled up a dollar bill and sniffed it, immediately I noticed that my codiene high kind of subsided and felt the mixing of the two chemicals in my brain I felt now as if my face and nose was on fire, I said fuck it and crushed up the other half into a nice line and sniffed that also, this is when my codeine high went completly away and this is were the fun began.

By now it is 4th period and I go and lay my hed on my desk and close my eyes, and I pictured that I was knee deep in snow, but it wasn't it was codeine and percacet powder! I was in the middle of a great city, and all the biuldings were made from this powder, I could just walk up and sniff it! I would tred through the powder, occasionally bending over to sniff the powder on the ground. I could just walk up to the buildings and stick my arms straight through the building pulling out handfuls off powder and sniffing it!  The view was amazing all the buildings were made of it and the sky was a beautiful blue/pink it was amazing but laking the instense sense of 'being' there like on DXM, after the visions faded I saw beautiful blue and green swirls occasionaly changing to purple with my eyes closed, shifting and morphing, it was pretty cool!  all in all the xperience was quit amazing but felt real sick coming down, oh well, cant always be fun! anyways I give the experience and A+.  <!--and tempt anyone to try the combination, just be careful dont take to much, have fun and be safe!-->