I started out my day with a call to my friend AJ to see if he had anything good other than weed, because it gets pretty boring after a while. He suggested that I get some 'Mario' as he called it so I took him up on the offer an awaited his call back. I was so hyped up thinking about what it would be like, I did nothing but think about what other people said the effects were like and all the crazy things that happen. I was a little nervous about the whole situation because I tend to go overboard with mind-altering chemicals, and I also have a slightly addictive personality. When AJ called me back at around 6:00PM I told him I wanted 6 grams which seemed like a reasonable amount at the time because I'm 6'4 230lbs so I tend to have a higher tolerance than most. Also because it was a lot cheaper than the weed I had previously been buying.

AJ came to pick me up with another friend of mine Kyle, and he asked if we could hang out around my house for a little and smoke a few bowls. At around 6:30 we all sat on my couch smoking and I decided now would be a good time to take my first dose so I ate around 3 caps, and 2 stems equaling about 3.5 grams. Kyle told me not to eat all of it at once because I'd most likely regret it later. I waited for about 20 minutes and felt nothing but the Marijuana high. I started to get a little angry thinking that the weed would override the mushrooms so I continued to eat the rest of the bag. 10 minutes passed and I started to feel a little sick to my stomach. I read that many poisonous mushrooms can be mistakin for Psilocybe and people have gotten sick and died. When that thought struck me I began to Panic. 'Dude I think these are poisonous shrooms!' I shouted as I started running around frantic trying to figure out what to do. Both AJ and Kyle reassured me that they were legit, and that I was an idiot for eating all of it.

At that moment I felt like I was going to vomit. I ran to the sink, but I managed to hold it down. Kyle suggested we all should go outside so I could get some fresh air for a little. The sky was dark and it looked like rain was coming. Lightning flashed in the distance, and I found myself intranced by the way it danced in the sky. I started to laugh at everything, and I started to get that all too familiar 'Intoxicated' feeling. Kyle then suggested we went to his house for a little because he needed to do a few things real quick. He lived about 20 minutes away, and I thought it would make for an interesting trip. It was around 7:00 as I got into the back seat. When I took the time to think about how I felt I realized I was really starting to feel it. I stared at the back of the cars' headrests and noticed they were breathing. I couldn't help but laugh, and both AJ, and Kyle started laughing too I guess just looking at me gave away my current state of being.

We drove off going towards the highway. All of a sudden it started to pour down rain. Everything reminded me of a video game like Grand Theft Auto or something of that type. The rain reflected off the street and looked like we were driving on a giant mirror. I was amazed at how different everything looked, but at the same time everything seemed like reality. I started thinking about what would happen if we crashed, but quickly I stopped caring, I was feeling way too good! Without thinking I blurted out 'Is this really happening or am I just tripping balls?' The only reply I got was laughter, but that was all right with me.

When we arrived at Kyle's house he hopped out while AJ and I stayed in the car and waited for him to finished whatever he was doing. We were parked on a slope and I noticed the water flowing down past us. It looked as if it was glowing, and I felt it. At that moment I felt what millions of people spend their whole lives trying to feel - Complete contempt, everything made sense, everything was right, and not a thing could bother me. I smiled and started to stare off. I looked up to the top of the hill and the road seemed like it was moving upward. Like the horizon was a giant waterfall and everything was just floating towards it.

It was 7:45 and I started to really feel it. All of a sudden I said outloud 'Wow is it raining?' AJ just laughed and said 'Man its been raining for the past half hour.' I laughed and responded 'All I can say is this is just crazy.' I looked over at Kyle's neighbor's grass. It looked like the whole yard was covered in green translucent crystal shards, and the rain drops were little mirrors dropping down and shattering. Kyle came back to the car, and we returned back to my house.

After just driving around a little and enjoying the awesome effects the time was now almost 11. I was starting to come down and I didn't like it at all. It wasn't a trip, but it wasn't reality either. I was sort of stuck in Limbo I guess you could say. I bid my friends goodbye because I felt like crashing. I sat on my front steps and just dwelled on my experience, and all that happened. Then my hands started to get jittery and I started to feel anxious. At random times I would forget I was smoking a cig and be amazed at how it felt in my hands.

I decided to go for a walk and relax a bit. I got to the corner of my street by a street light and a road sign. I looked off across a huge field and everything looked like it could be the setting for a Stephen King novel. It was so lonely and desolate I started to feel the same way. I started thinking about everything in my life I regret, all the bad things that have happened. I must have been staring out for 10 minutes when I snapped back into full reality. For some reason I didn't want to do shrooms again. I didn't want to feel completely happy one minute and then completely alone and empty the next. It just didn't seem worth it.