Time: 23:00:-
I ingested 150mg of tramadol hydrochloride under the trade name Zydol. I have found that 50-100mg is useless in terms of recreational use, but brilliant in the management of pain.

This is the first time in using 150mg for the goal of getting a 'high'. I have no previous tolerance or use with opiates.

Time: 00:30:-
Starting to feel a tingling rushing feeling of warmth and empathy flowing from my toes to my head all in one smooth flowing river of comfortable pleasure. It is not fully pronounced yet but I can feel it developing stronger and stronger.

Time: 01:00:- (peaking)
My head and back of my neck feels a little itchy but in a nice sort of way, scratching it lightly relieves the itch. My extremeties, lips and general parts of the body I don't tend to feel, feel more pronounced and I am more aware of my lips particulalrly when I have a smoke. Smoking feels good on the lips and seems enjoyable even though I am not a daily smoker I chained through 6 cigs in one sitting, reminding me much of how cocaine makes you chain smoke.

Time: 02:00:-
Still going good but a little less pronounced. My head is very heavy and constantly goes on a nod which I can control. Laying back feels very pleasurable to rest my head, and my eyelids slowly start closing but I am 'awake' as I am aware of the television being on and whats happening on there, but my eyes are closed and I feel like I am floating up on to cloud euphoria. I occasionally open my eye lids and they slowly drift back off to the state I just mentioned.
This repeated for about 2 and a half hours.

As the euphoria subsided and I felt more drowsy I decided now would be a good time to sleep. And I slept absolutely fine like a baby.

Next Day:-
I awoke late in the day around 13:55, with a terrible headache probably at migraine level. About an hour on and the headache was increasing and getting worse, but I stayed off from taking any painkillers as I felt it was painkillers that I abused in the first place so best not take anymore whilst I am trying to get over the hangover. I figured I'd take a warm bath to help ease the headache and the tension, which I did. I started to get the nod again in the bath bet very mildly because closing my eyes and drifting away seemed to ease the headache. I awoke after about 20 minutes of sleeping in the bath and got out the bath to dry off.

At this point the headache and body drain was feeling 10x worse and kept on progressing, nausea was getting quite strong so I decided to vomit which I did. I felt better after this for about half an hour in which time I grabbed something to eat and drink quickly and went to bed. I woke up after about 2 hours with a mild headache that got worse the more I stayed awake, so I gave in and took 2 co-codamol pain killers which seemed to ease the headache off for the rest of the day at this point the time being about 17:45.

It took my entire next day away from me, and the experience the next day was awful, and in hindsight not worth the high it gave.

The headaches just to give a description of what they felt like were like a hammer on the INSIDE of my head at all angles banging on my head trying to get out. 

Absolutely awful.

High: 7.5-8 / 10

Hangover Severity: The worst I have ever felt and I have done E's, coke and some other pharms as well as marijuanna and copious amounts of alcohol.