I have used clonazepam (klonopin) on and off, both medically and recreationally, for about 4 years.

When I was 18, I was prescribed 0.5mg of Klonopin 3 times per day for anxiety. I found that the dosage was too high when I nearly crashed my car. My reaction time was much too slow for me to be driving. And I was so calm and unworried about it, that I actually giggled as I barely missed taking out a fence. So, I started taking only 0.5 mg once per day, which controlled my anxiety quite well.

After Klonopin was no longer prescribed to me, I had a stash of my 0.5mg pills, and I started to pilfer my sister's 2mg pills (she uses the drug for epilepsy). I started to take them recreationally with my friends. They were heavily into alcohol, marijuana, and cocaine, but I didn't do any of those things. So when they started to get high, I would take anywhere from 1-6 mg of clonazepam so I could be in on the fun. The drug always lowered my inhibitions and my anxiety (I have social anxiety) so that I could be more outgoing and calm. I would feel kind of floaty and content and very relaxed. The time I spent on Klonopin was the only time I had relief from the ever-present knot in my stomach.

I have a few warnings about this drug. In higher doses, it can cause amnesia. There are several nights when I took 4-6 mg that I don't remember at all. And since the drug lowers inhibitions, you're also at a higher risk of saying and/or doing things you might not otherwise do. I had several episodes where I poured my heart out to people and told them how I really feel about them and about everything, and had no recollection of it the next day. Quite an embarassing situation. Also, I had unprotected sex on two occasions when I was on klonopin...once was a threesome. at the time it just didn't seem important, because I was so laid back and calm. I was lucky not to contract a disease or get pregnant.

Also, eventually I develop a tolerance to the drug, and I need more to get the same effect. To get the effects I used to get on 0.5 mg, I now have to take at least 2 mg. I only take them very occasionally now, as my supply ran out a long time ago and I can only rarely get one from my sister. Since I have a very addictive personality, I have to be careful of my drug intake. Especially benzodiazapines, since I have such a love for them.