It was a Sunday morning, about 3am.  I lye awake in bed staring at the ceiling with a strange aura of thought around my body.  Something gave me the sudden urge to escape from reality.  The only substance I had that I could use to assist me for the time was my wonderful friend Marijuana.  After smoking a good amount of bud, I felt like listening to some music.

I went downstairs to the computer, and then played with some winamp visuals on it.  Then the thought of it jumped into my head at just the right time.  I had bought a large quantity of salvia leaves a few weeks before.  I had tried it about 4 times before tonight, and had given up hope on the salvia because its effects weren't what I wanted them to be.  

Tonight, I'm going to give it another go.  I took 4 hits, and then in the middle of the 5th hit, this feeling like I was a helpless child hit me.  The feeling inside me was a very floaty feeling, alot like the laughing gas you get at the dentist.  My body froze.  I fell back onto the bed in the room I was in.  It was a yellow bed with small blue flowers all over in the shapes of diamonds. I go tup after about a minute, and then looked at the bed.   I saw many patters in the flowers on the bed.  Wherever I saw a pattern, the blue flowers would turn red and green.  I sat in the chair at the computer when I realized that the music was still on.  I started looking at the winamp visual.  It had a flame style oscilliscope and many ellipses.  I focused in on the oscilliscope, but instead of looking like fire to me, it looked like evergreen trees.  After analyzing the trees, I observed an ellipse in the bottom half of the screen, and then I decided that it would be the lake for the trees.  Within a few seconds I had a whole landscape set up and was watching it as the seasons changed.  I went through each season twice.  I felt like I was in another world, and world in which there was no such thing as reality.  I forgot that I was looking at a computer and not realizing it was there, it didn't exist.  I was in my landscape.  

After going through the seasons and watching my paradise grow and evolve like a parent would watch its child, this feeling escaped me.  I felt lost.  I wanted my world back.  I looked at the visualization and couldn't figure out how I had made my landscape with the designs it made.  I couldn't figure it out.  For those few minutes, I had gained an artistic side to myself and given the imagination I had when I was a child.  I found myself back to my normal self and amazed at my experience.  I felt like another piece was put into my puzzle of life.  I felt another step closer to knowing what life is.  Salvia is definately a great thing.<!-- and I recommend it to anyone wanting to escape from reality and be free.-->