Well first of all I have tried salvia twice one at this dude named joey's house and once with my best friend benito... So today I felt like trippin' I was soooo bored I could die.

I decided to try some stipa robusta tea. (I live in new mexico so it was easy to find) my neibor brought me some sticky salvia from a stoner store I visit once in a while... I was sceptical whether to do the salvia or the sleepy grass. I'm home alone and my parents are gone for a loooong time (my brother as well).

I made the tea at about 3:30 in the afternoon and drank a glass of the shit at about 4:00 about a half hour later I decided it wasnt gonna work so I smoked a bowl of the salvia, at first I felt a little lighter than usual and all of the sudden the pipe I was using started to move side to side as if I was moving I tried to stop it and couldnt. 'Fuck this' I said as I cashed the bowl and started to walk into my room. I was stumbling and forgetting what I was doing (much like pot) I turned on the tv.

Without knowing it I was in the living room covered in a blanket and was watching cartoons (some imaginary friends shit) as I watched big triangles started to appear and I thought they were going to crush me!! (white stripes music video of 7 nation army) the trangles stared to melt and move away from me, now there were 2 of me th real me and a spirit...I was concious in the spirit form not so much in the real one

I watched the real form of me from above (I was floating above) I guess this is the obe ive heard about. Mt real form got out of the couch falling everywere and trying to get some food. I watched and realized 'oh shit that fucker is me!' I went after the stumbling character clueless to what was going on. Once in a while I would snap into my normal self and look for the spirit, no cigar, at this moment I guess that stipa robusta kicked in cuz I flipped out the floor was shifting around and I fell through it *bam* I felt pain but I was falling I guess I was in a pasture when I woke up... Or so I thought, I got up and hit my head on a cloud...I thought I was unconcious 'open ur eyes retard!!' I said and then I found myself on the kitchen floor head bleeding.

I got up and fell again I was in the spirit again what is going on? I thought maybe I have to jump into myself like in the movies... I flew after the real me as he got up I missed him several times do to the fact I was fucked up, he layed on the couch and I flew into him everything changed and I was focusing I heard strange noises and realized i was just watching the tele. The whole time I was watching the tele. I was still trippin and so I closed my eyes a blanket of colors moved from side to side. I opened my eyes 'uh oh im gonna die' I said...stumbling to get up I walked (practically falling on myself) into the kitchen I got some water and after drinking it I threw up all over the sink...

I was sober after that, but I kinda wanted to experience it again... I looked at the clock 6:30 whoa!!!! It felt like an eternity all in 3 hours holy shit!

Overall the experience was fun and strange I think the trip was due to my overactive mind and ssri's I take for depression. After about 5 minutes I realized my head was bleeding who knows what I did, I still dont know