Acid would have to definitely be my drug of choice but this last time scared the shit out of me.

I myself have always been an acid head. The best for me is taking a few hits and watching a movie or just listening to music for the duration of the trip. When I first began taking LSD, I liked it so much that I was eating it 2-3 times a week for about 6 months. Plus, the most readily available form (and my personal favorite!) for this time was geltabs so in the consumption of gels I would say I have a degree of experience. But for some reason around the fall of 2000, most of the acid in MyHometown, FL just...disappeared! No one had any! So I had to be experimental with other things, which is a different tale altogether.

Anyway, this guy I go to school with S and I have recently began hanging out. He is the only other 'tolerable' and cool user of assorted substances that I know and we share pretty much of the same standpoint on drugs of having the most fun but being relatively safe at the same time. The past couple of months we had been busting our asses to find LSD. X was kind of burning me out and I hadn't tripped in about a year. The weeks of searching finally paid off and we got a hold of some green gellys. The guy we bought them from (whom I trusted to some extent as do I with all my drugs suppliers) told us he ate 3 and was absolutely insane. Well, I didn't doubt him and wasn't planning on eating more than one so I figured his concept of 'insane' was something I had probably experienced before. Man was I WRONG! 

I ended up over at S's house around 7:45 P.M. After bullshitting with his mom, we decided to skip out to go play 'pool'. We had a list of important things to take care of such as acquiring laser pointers and glow sticks and such before we went back to his house. We decided to eat one before getting all the shit so the waiting period was more interesting. Well in cutting them up, I accidentally broke 1 and a half off. 'No bother!' says eye in popping it into my mouth, S one step behind in his procedure. I've been able to taste the acid on gels and papers before but these were like swishing liquid in your mouth. It was so strong that it coated the inside of my mouth pretty quickly. As I was saying before, I love acid but when tripping I'm also pretty obvious, especially in public, so I wanted to eat, get the shit, and motor back to the house before I would be seriously feeling it. Once glow sticks and laser pens were found, and the LSD teasing us with little waves of joy, we were on the way back to the house. On coming up to his street we were pretty far gone and were kind of worried what the conversation with his mom would be like. Thank god she was out when we got there cuz once I stepped out of that car I was completely FUCKED!

We stumbled into the house and into his room and decided to watch the Brave Little Toaster. We plugged it in and were attempting to make some kind of logically connected conversation when his mom walked in and started talking to us. S mumbled something to her, I guess to answer a question she asked, and his response triggered one of those 'What the hell is the matter with you two' stares. She continued to stare at the two wide eyed teenagers laying on the bed watching a Disney movie for a minute or two and then retired to her bedroom. Feeling relieved, I continued to watch the movie and ride the euphoric wave for another 15min or so.

This next part of the story is when it got really frightening for me. I was getting kind of fidgety and wanted to stay as immobile as possible. But the fidgeting was causing me to change positions on the bed which in turn was driving me crazy because I could not sit still. I finally calmed myself down and sat up on the bed. The second after sitting up caused one of those really nice head swims followed by my spine tightening up so bad that it actually hurt. I had to lay down again and shut my eyes to attempt to clear out some of the acid. I felt like I just wanted to be sober, just for 30 seconds, just so I could remember what it was like and know that I would return there sometime. But behind my eyelids was more light and color than I had ever seen. It looked like bright colored ink flowing through water above my head in fractal patterns. Not to mention it was producing a nice roaring type metallic ringing sound as a soundtrack.

When I opened my eyes back up and turned over S was telling me that his girlfriend was coming over to use his phone for some odd reason and that we had to go outside. 'Outside?' I pleaded, 'But that means…that means I have to get up?!' The thought of getting up and leaving the house, allowing myself to be outside and open to uncontrollable forces was horribly frightening. After taking our time in running into the walls in his hallway and attempting to support each other about a pitch black house we found ourselves outside. S was off the wall with excitement, so much in fact that It added to my fright by the thoughts of him doing something retarded to get us busted. However the visuals outside were a plus. The darkness on the trees with the cool night breeze made it look and feel like each tree I looked at was giving me a hug. I didn't realize how messed up we were until his g/f and her friend arrived. We talked to them and I couldn't even look at them because the shadows on their faces were morphing them into monster-like figures. Then and there I lost all hope of controlling what was happening to me and became extremely paranoid and frightened and suggested we go back into the house.

After that S was still off the wall and wanting me to get up and move around but I made it clear that I was on the verge of totally wigging out and didn't want to move. I was staring at his wall and listening to it moan as it seeped multicolored beads from it. Touching it caused louder moaning and my back was hurting so bad that I wanted to bend in a position to stop the hurt but couldn't. I was in and out of tormented consciousness with unknown sounds penetrating my ears and way too intense color for about an hour or so, the whole ordeal lasting from about 9:30 P.M. to about 3:15 A.M.

I awoke next to S the next day at about 7:45 A.M. and felt nothing too horrible in negative hangover effects other than that day-after spaced out feeling. I don't know if it was the length of time between tripping, the strength of the tabs, or just the difference in the tripping environment that caused me to be so frightened but it was definitely the most terrifying ordeal I have ever experienced. Take heed and avoid freaking yourself out by setting up an environment that will keep anything that could ruin the experience for you far away…

I know I will.