My first and only experience with MDA was purely accidental.  It was a Saturday night, and I had just gotten the newest pill out on the market from my usual ecstasy dealer called Igloos.  I didn't know that they were MDA, and wouldn't have got them if I had known.  I am all about pure MDMA.  Around midnight, I took a White Buddha(MDMA approx 100mg) and a Igloo(MDA approx 100mg) before I headed to my friends house where we had a 'rolling' party with about 30 good friends.  After about 30 minutes, I got hit very hard.  This was my 7th week in a row rolling, and I was surprised at how hard I got hit, as it seemed I had started to build a tolerance.  Visuals looked good, but not quite as good as in the previous weeks.  I had several friends with me that were glowstick 'experts'.  About an hour after I dosed, I almost vomited several times.  This was strange for me, because I had never felt that way before when taking MDMA.  I didn't know that I had taken MDA, and just fought off the feeling.  

The next few hours were very strange.  I was severely disoriented and confused.  I kept walking around with my eyes half open, and didn't know why I was walking.  I had a hard time talking to people.  I was stuttering and I was forgetting what I intended to say mid-sentence.  On several occasions, I would start dancing, and then shortly after sit down again.  I just didn't know what to do with myself.  

About 4am, 4 hours after I had dosed, I crashed hard.  I felt completely sober, and I was nervous and irritated.  At that point, I wanted to go to our regular afterhours progressive club, but no one wanted to go.  I went by myself and met some friends there around 5am.  Before I went into the club, I took another Igloo(MDA approx 100mg).  The club was extremely hot, stuffy and crowded as always.  I started peaking again around 6am, and was even more disoriented than the first time I dosed that night.  All night, I couldn't decide if i wanted to dance or sit down.  I am normally a talkative person, but I was very quiet this night.  

Around 9am, I blacked out for about 30 minutes (my sober friend told me i was sleeping on the ground in a corner for 30 min).  When I woke up, it took me a few minutes to remember where I was and the previous events of the night.  I decided to go home and sleep, even though the club was still open for a few more hours.  I got home, and slept almost immediatly.  I slept for 7 hours and my head felt cloudy for the rest of the day.  I had no afterglow type feelings, and was quiet for most of the day.  Later that week, I found out that the Igloo's were MDA, not MDMA, and that is when I put together the details of my strange night.  

I plan on never taking MDA again.  MDMA in my opinion is much better.  Better visuals, better bonding with friends, dancier, and overall more fun.