Native Astorian on P. Azurescens

I grew up in a small town on the mouth of the Columbia river as it meets the Pacific Ocean.  In high school I learned about the mushrooms that grow around the area during october thru december.  They were little nipple or flying saucer shaped reddish brown caps with white stems that had blue streaks and would bruise blue after being picked.  They grew out in the grassy woods near the beach.  Also more inland I picked a similar looking mushroom (P. cyanescens) which is a little darker brown, when small it almost looks identical to the beach caps (P. Azurescens) but as it gets bigger it flattens and gets wavy.  We also have P baeocystis (Potent Psylocibe) which are mangy grey looking with lots of blue bruising. In the open feilds, alongside cow poo, Liberty Caps (Psilocybe semilanceata) and Panaeolus campanulatus (bell-capped panaeolus) all of these grow roughly in the same october-december time period.

Personally I don't like Liberty Caps, which seem to give me bad trips and depressing come downs, same with the P. baeocystis which contains Baocystin along with psylocybin and psylocin.

Azurescens can get very intense and depending on the person can have very powerfull effects.  They seem to go well with me, but a friend of mine who took 10 good sized caps went into a coma like state and puked on himself, he couldnt communicate for more than 4 hours. 

I seem to be able to handle mushrooms well and I love the effects they have on me, mostly happy euphoric trips.  But it depends on the state of mind I am in at the time.

Writing this I am now a student at a large university in the same state, today I took 3 grams of semi-wet cys and azurs, its the the third day in a row I have been shroomin so I most feel a body buzz with color stars and patterns when I close my eyes, I have also taken Adderall and vitamin C.   Right now I feel able to write a book I feel very creative.<!--Anyone in the Pacific Northwest is very lucky to enjoy this treat every year.-->