I've never experienced anything like this.

I managed to sleep. 11hours later I feel fine.

This is my second 2ct7 experience, I first took a small dose 20mg--saw nice mild acid mushroom like neon light hallucinations--- to make sure I have no medical complications...4 days later I try this....


I was completely crazy.  I took about 40mg of 2ct7.  I watched tv for less than 2 hours.

Went to my room, turned out the lights, looked up at a piece of wire that is stuck in my ceiling with a ball of cobwebs on it, and saw a insect pushing itself out of a coocoon.

Got compleltely scared, seeing that the insect is 5inches tall.  Left, went back to the tv for 10minutes

Went back to my room, turned out the lights, looked at the discoloring in my carpet and started to see black grey snakes along the floor.

Left, went to get some water.  Came back to my room, left the lights on.  Looked at the floor

The floor would move as if something was under it, shadows along the floor would converge into a 2x2foot circle.  If I touched the concave area were something was trying to break out, it was hot.  Every hallucination had a heat, and a mass, and felt too real to ignore.

Then used my computer to try and find loon. Didnt

When I looked back at the floor, the floor was covered in maggots, and if I looked longer, the maggots turned into worms, worms into snakes.

I was afraid to look at the floor, I never stared at it.  As I started to I would create terrible things that I would have to walk on.

I decided to go to the bathroom, walking on maggots, worms, snakes.  It felt squishy and uncomfortable  I went into the bathroom.  I started to fill up the bathtub.  I took a piss.

The toilet water level decreased untill the top plane of water were it met with porcelin resembled a human head.

The water started to bubble in the northern hemisphere of the bowl.  My brain was outlined perfectly with bubbles, completely scared me  Then my brain of bubbles swirled around.  I tried everything I could to make myself see what was really there,

I could do nothing to bring myself out of it.  Then I touched the water in the tub.  The water was blue.  The water dyed my hand blue.  The side of the toiled started to flow red water out of it

When I flushed the toilet it would not refill.  I tried to turn off the bathtub but it kept dripping.  then decided I was not ready to live with snakes and gaged myself for a few minutes

I finally got the water to stop and I left the bathroom.  My zerbra like rug began to lift up, I heard growling sounds, and a tongue on my arm  I left walking on squishy stuff to the couch. The couch was a mean cat.  I sat on it, heard it growl, feel its tongue

I looked back and the cushins were opening up and producing some heat...so I left to the kitchen  I would changed the form of the couch, rounding the edges, creating paw like ripples into the cusins, and raising the center...then add some eyes, and a tongue that hisses at you when you get near it.

In the kitchen I looked at the tile thinking I would be safe from the awfull stuff on the carpet, but the shapes on the tile began to move, looking like rats, felling them move under my feet.  bad.  so i sat on a rug in my kitchen.  looked at the blue rug, more maggots, this time more terrifying.  the maggots turned upwards and something began protruding from them, stingers, like wasps.

left the rug alone, hoping the wasps would not hatch.  then I gave my green chair another mean personality, and I left the living room

...too much crazy shit happened.  the bugs are bad.  I felt bugs underneath my skin, bugs and worms underneet my skin.  every few minutes I would hear this hipitched cry of millions of bugs.  then the would start comming in the walls.  then in my body, hands stomache, I could feel them moving

even saw then moving on my nose.  saw them in my hands.  felt them in my lips, in my eyelids, moving in and out everone of my teeth

...snakes on the walls, snakes on table tops..ect ect

I never let myself stay in a dark room, I was fuxored up.

I fell asleep 8 hours after I ingested it