Dose : half ounce
Time : 530 pm 

Me and a friend ordered an ounce of amanitas from a website that has since been shut down.  They arrived and we ate them or rather...I ate them, he couldnt take the taste and made some kind of weird milk shake thing.  

About 20 mins later, I begin feeling something...similar to the beginning onset of opiates, but without the drowsiness.  My friends roommate comes home and even though we are both beginning to trip and he knows it, and although he also knows that I payed for my half of the mushrooms and my friend payed for his half, he gets angry and begins bitching about not getting any for him, so to make a long story short we decide to opt for a more pleasant setting even though that means driving while coming up on a completely new substance, not the smartest idea, but oh well.  

About 60 minutes after ingestion, we stop at a local park where kids our age hang out.  We get half way into the park and suddenly and with no warning at all, I get very sick...its spring time and the bathrooms in the park that were closed for the winter arent opened yet.  I begin vomiting as I am walking although this seems to have no effect...I just keep walking.  I'm very used to vomiting from hurricane 40's and lots of robitussin.  

As I vomit for about 5 minutes, a bunch of little kids come walking by and see me, and instead of running away or staring aghast as I expected, they laugh at me, which cheers me up.  I like little kids.  

As I walk away I begin tripping balls.  Not alot of balls, but balls enough.  Imagine you were looking out on a flat plane of land...100% flat and you see that at the horizon the sky is pulling away from the earth and in between is a black void...my vision only went about 20 feet in front of me cause of buildings, but about where the horizon would be is where I saw it split, but that was the only actual hallucination.

My friend decides that he is too fucked up to drive and calls another friend of ours to come drive his car.  I am almost peaking at this point and I see images of me and my tripping friend hiding boards under his bed...I dont really know why, but I begin to think that we had been doing that and needed to get back to his house to finish and I had other such thoughts that seemed real...the most profound of which is soon to be explained.  

My trip friend has to go to a movie or something and leaves me at home alone at the most intense part of my experience.  I go upstairs and try to use the computer.  This is where shit goes crazy. 

I try to use it and...confusion is not the word....I need to get something from my room so I go and look for it and I get into my room...less than a 5 second walk from the computer and I forget why I'm there and go back to the computer and forget why I'm there and go back to my room and forget why I'm there and go back to the computer.  I get worried cause I dont know whats going on...I try to call my friend back and tell him to come get me, but I cant use the phone, I dont know how, and the dial tone is his voice, which is very low, saying the word rose... like...  rrroooooosssseeeee.  

Somewhere in the nonsense I get the idea that my dad...who though he lives in town, hasnt really been a part of my life much for the last 10 years, has called and told me to KILL MYSELF.   I know this cant be true because even though he doesnt show it, I know he loves me and would never say something like that, but my dad said it, so I feel I must do it. But then I think no, I'm dreaming, this isnt real again.  So I cut myself...not to try to harm but only to bleed, cause the best logic I can come up with is that if I can taste the blood, I'm not dreaming.  

So I taste it and realize this is all actually going on and I am WAY TOO FUCKED UP for my own good.  Knowing that I'm awake and conscious, even though not totally sane at this moment, I still want to hurt myself, not because I'm depressed but because it seems the right thing to do still.  So I call 911 cause I know this isnt right I call 911 cause I know this isnt right and I end up talking on the phone, going to the ER and spending a night in the mental health unit, shitty enough though I was just about becoming sober when I got there. 

Moral of the story:  Do not ever leave someone alone while they are inexperienced with a substance, and if you can help it, never ever do things alone if you are inexperienced.  Always have a sitter if your new to the intoxicant.