Alright where should I begin I will be refering to everyones name by the first letter in it just for safety's sake. Well I was over at J's house, and we were all sitting on the porch. And J was telling me about some powder stuff that he order online. So of course I had to try this well he said oh u can hang u can hang.........oh was I wrong. He set out 2 moderate sized lines and I snooted them up. 

 [Erowid Note: 
Two samples of powder (even of the same chemical) with equivalent volumes won't necessarily weigh the same. For this reason, eyeballing is an inaccurate and potentially dangerous method of measuring, particularly for substances that are active in very small amounts.
See <a href="/psychoactives/basics/basics_measuring1.shtml">this article on The Importance of Measured Doses.] 

Well I wasnt feeling anything for like 5 min and then everything started turning groggy kinda like a drunken feeling then I had to get up I felt like I was gonna puke. Well my girlfriend M was sitting next to me saying are you ok. Well thats not something you want to hear when your tripping or at least I dont it kinda freaks me out and fucks everything up well I felt like I was in my own little world I closed my eyes mostly because I couldnt keep them open and I felt like my body wasnt there its very hard to explain the feeling you dont feel your body your heart or anything just the air going in your nose and out your mouth. Well J and M are talking about some other person that did it and wigged out saying shit like I'm DYING and stuff related to him being dead and I didnt want to hear that but it felt like they were soooo far away and time was passing so slowly I FELT LIKE I WAS GOING CRAZY and I didnt know if I was breathing or not and I heard Screeches like from the Wraiths in Lord of the rings. Also I heard arguments from people that sounded very far away and my friends who where talking about me sounded distant too.  

I kept telling myself that its just the drug it will be over soon and I kinda just rode it out after the peak ended witch felt like 4 hrs but in reality was only 15-20 min it was the best feeling I ever had!!! I was laughing at absolutly nothing just had this shit eatin grin on my face for like 40 min laughing at the walls I couldnt stop laughing and then it just stopped completely.... The whole thing was sooo overwhelming I couldnt really remember what happened untill the next day. This is not somthing to toy with I will never ever do it again I almost freaked out like 5 times during my peak I wanted to scream out HELP ME but I knew in my head if I did my friends would get worried and come near me asking are you ok and talk amongst themselves like is he gonna be ok and that just makes things worse soo instead I rode it out but that was the worst feeling I ever had I couldnt feel my heart or anything else I felt like I was in another universe looking down at everyone but in a way I still felt there..... Its a very weird experience and very diffucult to explain.