It was November 8th 2005, for me yesterday. I always thought that Salvia was nothing serious. Until I did it for the first time, I stuffed a bowl out of 10 extract, the strongest kind.
 
I smoked almost all of it, I don't remember anything other than coming out from it, I remember holding my boyfriend, whom I didn't know who he was at the time, I felt like I wasn't myself and like I was trying to come out of some type of either carpet or wave and all I remember was saying 'babe, please don't let go, PULL ME OUT' I screamed, when I was back I thought, will I go back to that?
 
Will I go back to being nothing? I was scared, TERRIFIED. But when I asked everyone else they were just laughing at me, they said after I hit it I got this face and started doing robotic moves and looking at my hands with a face they said I've never shown, then they said I got up screamed 'NO!!!!' then I said 'No La Pastora ese es mi Parto,' and I just feel like crying when I just wrote that because it's what I said my name's Maria and Pastora is the nickname of Salvia that I never knew before, I also had an abortion and what I said in Spanish means 'No Pastora that is my birth' then they said I started talking spanish and some weird language they couldn't understand. 
  
They said I would talk weird and go back to Spanish just back and forth, until I threw myself on the ground and supposedly started going under chairs like a snake and tried to run into a log that had fallen down from Wilma (the hurricane) and that's when I started to remember again, it was about a 6 to 10 minute experience.
  
I remember my life before but at the time I thought I was not human and there was no life, maybe it was a different dimension, but to me it was more than that, I appreciate life a lot more than yesterday just to hold again and know I'm not part of whatever I was, it felt when I was coming out of it as if some one had a big carpet over my body and was trying to suck me up under it to become the carpet(((really scary)) but a lot of things happened before that so I believe I was truly possessed. I think I've always been, my country is Venezuela, it's known for Indians, spirits, Salvia, it did it to me.