Thursday evening
Sitting on someone's front step in baltimore, waiting for 'j' to come back with our next fix.  An hour goes by...he should have been back a long time ago.  Some guy walks by, turns around, and sits down next to me.  He tells me I'm too pretty to look so sad.  He asks me what's wrong.  All I tell him is that my boyfriend (now ex) hasn't come back yet, he took my last $20 and I'm worried.  He asks me to go with him to get a slice of pizza.  I say no at first...then he offers me $20.  I finally give in.  We go, talk, I tell him my real story, and he gives me his number.  We part ways and I go get my fix.  By the time I get home, j is there.  He had been questioned by the cops.  But he got the shit he went out for.  So we have enough for that night and part of the next day.  

Friday
So I do my last shot at noon.  I agonize over calling 'd'.  Finally I do.  He wants me to come to a club with him that evening.  I say ok.  So he and his friend 'k' pick me up around 9 pm.  Remember, I hadn't had any dope since noon...and I'm still feeling ok.  So we grab some dinner and head to the club.  No one really there at first...but it's pretty cool...bunch a dj's spinnin jungle.  D gets me a drink and we smoke some kindbud.  At this time I'm really worried that I'm gonna start feeling like shit pretty soon.  So I decide to get as fucked up as I can.  A couple hours later, I realize I drank too much and puke.  But then I feel much better...d buys each of us an e pill.  Little bit of time goes by and I'm feeling great.  Chillin on the couch with k and 'r'.  Hmmmm...r seems pretty cute...sweet too ;)  j calls d's cell.  He's really pissed off at me.  Am I even coming home??  No!  A little while later I end up in the dj booth...just chillin...smokin more kind bud...havin a great time.  Sometime in the early morning hours we head to d's apartment...k gives me a seroquel of unknown but high doseage.  R and I fool around a little...i end up passing out.  Wake up, feel really out of it and go upstairs to the bed.  Pass out for unknown period of time...

Saturday
I go back downstairs and r is gone.  K gives me another seroquel and a valium...d gives me another one behind her back.  I remember nothing over the next few hours (i do remember walking into a wall...hitting my nose really hard)  all I know is what k told me later.  

K's account
I was up and moving around...mumbling gibberish.  They asked me if I was hungry...so they went to mcdonalds for me.  But they had to actually feed me...i couldn't do anything myself.  K actually had to help me go to the bathroom.  I finally passed out.  They were really worried and wanted to take me to the hospital.  In the end they decided against it...which I'm thankful for cos I don't know if I would have gotten clean that way.  

Me again
Sometime late saturday k and d took me over to t's place.  I was way too out of it to go to the party with them.  T was left with an arsenal of various pills for me.  Everytime I woke up she'd give me another half of a seroquel.  I slept all night despite all the craziness goin on around me.  

Sunday
D wakes me up to go out for indian food.  Wow I feel great!  No pain, no nausea, no chills, no sweating.  I slept off my withdrawal!!  And I could eat.  I had never had indian food before...it is definitely not something I would have considered eating right after coming off of heroin...but it was great.  

Conclusion
I had been through a few detox programs...all of which put me through pure hell...trouble sleeping for weeks after, pain, horrible nausea...this time I had no symptoms.  I could even sleep through the night from the start.  I even had no trouble sleeping til noon.  Needless to say, I've had no urges to do dope again...I've even had it offered to me for free and I turned it down :)  I've been clean for over 4 months now and my life is great.  I broke up with my ex (we were together for 4 years but I didn't even miss him after what I went through) that first night...only he didn't find out til a few weeks later cos he ended up in jail a few days later.  After a couple weeks of crashin at randoms houses of new friends, I moved back home to pennsylvania.  Now I have a wonderful new boyfriend (who happens to live in baltimore), a bunch of wonderful new friends...and best of all I have my life back.