My experience led me to find a little known side effect of MDMA, but one thats very important for those at risk. It's not pleasant, but believe me it's better to know. I'll explain the risk and how I 'discovered' it below:

BACKGROUND INFO (from my doctor and double checked online):

People get hemorrhoids at very different rates and levels of seriousness (pain). Overweight, unhealthy-eating, males over 30 statistically bare the brunt of it, pregnant women coming in second, and anyone can get them. My doctor explained this, because I've gotten them maybe 3 or 4 times since I was 14 and they were pretty uncomfortable (I'm a thin 24 year old man, not the typical 'victim').

MDMA - HEMORRHOID CORRELATION (EXPERIENCE)

I used ecstasy for the 2nd time at home. It had been years and the first (small dose) of ecstasy I took caused many problems. This time the effects were pleasant and typical and I was generally enjoying myself. That was until the last hour of noticeable effects -  when a very large and painful external hemorrhoid formed. It was the first time in 5+ years and by far the worst I've had. I considered it a co-incidence and limped on for 48 hours. By then the hemorrhoid was not very inflamed.

I took the second pill about 8pm later that week. It was roughly the same as the first one, about 125mg MDMA and probably some ephedrine, a trusted friend, had her identical pills, using the basic Dance Safe test, and they showed up black (MDMA). That shows that MDMA is there, but I doubt if it could rule out other chemicals in addition to MDMA. My almost completely healed hemorrhoid quickly ballooned in size, pressure, and pain. It was huge, but I'll spare you further description. It was so bad I almost went to the hospital, but instead I spend the next 12 hours laying on my side.

CAUSATION

The next day I went to see my doctor. I told him about the hemorrhoid - which he said was very bad, especially for my age, but not so dangerous as to warrant surgery at that point. Being an unlikely person to get any of these, let alone such a bad case, he questioned my activities. I told him about the MDMA and his eyes lit up, and he said that the increased blood pressure combined with several other chemical changes (I can't quote the other reactions verbatim) from ecstasy can absolutely cause terrible hemorrhoids in anyone the least bit prone. It provides some of the worst internal conditions for the veins, particularly in that sensitive area of the body. Especially if one is sitting or otherwise putting pressure there while the drug is in the bloodstream. I'm not qualified to say if dancing (opposed to sitting) helps, but its my suspicion that dancing was why I didn't get hemorrhoids the very first time I took it (I never sat down). 

FINDINGS

Indeed MDMA can cause very bad hemorrhoids if you're at all prone to them. As far as street drug side effects, this is relatively minor - only the very worst cases are seriously dangerous and can't be home-treated. Still, if you haven't given childbirth, I don't think you can imagine the pain it causes (and embarrassment). 

CONCLUSION

I love the effect of MDMA but this side effect, aside from being greatly unpleasant, can possibly necessitate a surgical procedure (one I really don't want).  I will not be taking MDMA again.