Eager for a pretty strong trip, I delved into The Box and looked through my goodies to try to decide which one(s) to eat tonight. Wanting to stick with something fairly familiar to me, I decided to try DPT, but rather than go with the tried and true smoked route, I pulled out my DPT HCl with the intention of taking an oral dose. I've only tried it orally one time before, but at 80mg I was barely off baseline. So, rather than try to use more and more DPT for what would likely be a mild experience, I also pulled out my stash of harmine. Some quick planning based on the other reports I'd read led me to weigh out 100mg of harmine and 60mg of DPT, and to expect a pretty rough ride.
	
I took the harmine at around 2:00am and then waited another 20 minutes before taking the DPT. From that point it was a full hour and a half before I really started to notice anything. First alerts came on in the body. I had some major jelly legs, my neck muscles were definitely feeling strange somehow, and I could even feel it in my arms. Another five minutes or so after these first physical alerts I started to notice slight visual distortions. There were the typical psychedelic 'wall melting' kinds of visuals, but far more interesting was what the harmine was contributing to the experience. All the objects that I looked at had a very strange way about them. It took me the longest time to even realize something was 'wrong', and then even longer to figure out exactly what it was, but it seemed to me that the shadows on things weren't where they were supposed to be. Granted, the DPT was sort of causing the shadows to move around a little, but they were definitely wrong somehow, making the shape of things seem slightly different. I absolutely attribute this effect to the harmine, as I've never noticed anything like that from DPT alone. 
	
At this point one of my dogs started barking outside and I went downstairs to check on everything, and REALLY noticed the physical effects of the drugs. Walking at this point was almost difficult to do properly. Fortunately there was nothing outside, and the obligatory 'what if there is something wrong and I have to deal with it while tripping' thought process passed quickly. From the time I first started noticing the effects of the DPT to the time I went to check on my dogs was perhaps 15 minutes, which seemed to me to be a pretty short amount of time to come up. If it continued at this pace for much longer, I was going to be very very high. Fortunately (or maybe unfortunately) nothing ever quite got to the levels that I expected them to. Instead, I experienced only fairly minor visuals (but definitely of the DPT persuasion), a quite pleasant body load, and, surprisingly, a *very* elevated mood. 

I've gotta say, that while this trip was nothing at all like I had expected, I thoroughly enjoyed it. My only complaint is that the DPT seemed to fade out rather quickly, with the peak only lasting perhaps 30 minutes. During that time, though, I felt very much like I was coming up on a smoked DPT dosage except in slow motion, but the effects never got to the same intensity as a smoked dosage. I put on some Moody Blues to listen to and discovered how truly wonderful their songs can be while tripping. Not only do they sound much better, but because the lyrics are sung fairly clearly, and are quite meaningful, you can't really help but ponder them while listening. I must've listened to The Balance and Melancholy Man about ten times, attaching special significance to the chorus of The Balance. I've been really thinking about compassion and honesty as they relate to self-discovery lately, and it seemed almost too perfect when I played a song that told me to 'just open your heart'. After that I spent a good portion of my time wondering why it isn't second nature to 'just open your heart', and why so many people seem to have a hard time with it (including me sometimes). 

My first impression about this use of DPT is that it's much more useful than when smoked. Smoked dosages have a tendency to overpower you, to slam you in the head with a psychedelic baseball bat and just render you unable to do anything constructive. When taken orally with an MAOI things slow down and lengthen somewhat, making everything much more productive. Having time to settle in to a new and pretty radically altered state of consciousness, rather than being suddenly thrust into it, definitely has its positives. Not that smoking it isn't interesting, I just find it hard to glean anything from the experience since I always seem to be more preoccupied with the speed at which I am coming up than the thoughts I'm experiencing. With this combination there was never any worry or apprehension about how high I was going to go, as there sometimes is when I smoke the substance. 

This combination is absolutely worth trying again, maybe with higher doses of both DPT and harmine. Based on some other reports I've read, this combination has the potential to reach an almost ayawaska-like intensity and I'm certainly eager to try to push it to those levels, although I must say that I'm glad I got the somewhat mild experience that I did for my first try.