I had heard about dramamine, but didnt know a whole lot about it. I recently started and quit dxm, and that attributed to the decision to try dramamine.  I was in the middle of a pill stage in my  life, not giving a fuck about my body or the long term effects. I read reports from people taking up to 1500 mgs of this stuff. I knew that was after building up tolerance and being comfortable with the effects it will have on you.  Not knowing exactly what I was getting into, I decided 400-600 mgs would do me good. I went to the store and picked up a box of benedryl, 25mg pills of nothing but diphenhydamine. There were 25 pills. I lost 3 of the pills somehow and took the 22 left, thats 550mg. I took them early, it was 11:30 in the morning.

I waited around for about half an hour trying to take a short nap and awake to my intoxicated state, that didnt work. I sat on the couch watching my friend play video games. Another half hour later I started noticing how real the skateboard game seemed. Then my friend asked me how I was doing, his voice made it obvious that the effects had started. It seemed far away, like something was pinching my head at the sides covering my ears.

For a while I stared at the tv and everything that wasnt in the screen melted into each other, creating a huge flat wall of swirling color around the tv. I tried to stand up and felt very heavy, my legs didnt want to be bothered to move. Things flooded as I turned my head and it was kind of uncomfortable. 

I then went and sat at his dinner table feeling pretty shitty, my leg muscles felt uncomfortable, like the longer they sat without moving the more intence the bad feeling got, like wanting to cramp up, but when I moved them it felt nasty anyways. I might have focused on this too hard and made it a bigger problem than it was but I hated it. My friend's girlfriend came over and was told I was on some dumb pills and was tripping out. I was really confused the whole time, I was still at the dinner table and the two others were just watching me and everything was awkward silent. Then id hear his girlfriend say my name and id say 'what?' and theyd look at me like I was crazy, 'we didnt say anything' that happened 3 times. I felt pretty stupid, but I knew I  heard something.

At one point I was looking at the table cloth for a long time and saw a little spider stuck in between three rocks, it would climb up one and just slip or fall back into its hole. It obviously wanted out so I reached over to knock a rock out of its way and it dissapeared. There was fruit on the table and I watched a little ant climb all over this banana, I went to touch it to make sure it was there, I thought for sure it was, but ended up touching nothing but banana. This wasnt a fun thing, not like fun trippy hallucinations, but let downs, I really wanted to be sober the whole time I was tripping out

I talked to my friend on the phone while I was on it, I dont really remember what I said but he said I made no sense at all, talking about 'me and my friend killing ducks in montana'? Yeah, I just sketched out my friend. I cant really describe the kind of uncomfortable feeling this shit gave me, maybe if I had a bowl to mellow the trip out things would have been different, or maybe I didnt need that much of a dose, I just know that there are way better things out there and its not worth it to me to try this again for a better trip.

Peace