Preparation:

My friend (J) and I decided to try San Pedro cactus. We secured two plants online and kept them without water or sunlight for about a week before. We ate a light dinner the night before we decided to trip and ate nothing before we dosed on the day we took the cactus. Neither of us were on any medication or supplements. 

When the day came we cut off two 14" sections and proceeded to chop up the plant in about 1/2" inch pieces and then quartered those pieces. We then took them and placed them in a blender and liquefied the entire thing. We had to do this twice due to the amount of plant we were using.  The result was a light green foamy liquid that was placed into a large pot which we then squeezed the juice of two lemons into. The stove was turned on and placed on low heat for the first half hour while stirring every few minutes. After the first half hour the heat was turned up and the mixture was allowed to simmer for 2 hours while stirring occasionally. The mixture was then allowed to cool and strained through a piece of cloth. The liquid was collected and the solid remains were squeezed to remove and left over liquid. The result was about 25 ounces of green liquid.

Over the course of the next 30 minutes the liquid was consumed. I didn't find the taste to be particularly foul. It is an extremely bitter taste, but totally manageable. J, however, was barely able to keep the liquid down. We both chased the liquid with sips of orange juice.

The Experience:

After consuming the liquid we both felt fairly nauseous for about 45 minutes. For the next 70 minutes or so we were off baseline ("vague weird feeling" as J described it) but were definitely not tripping. We decided the cactus wasn't going to do its job and sat at his computer and played video games for about 30 minutes. J then went outside to smoke a cigarette and I came out to keep him company. As we were standing outside J commented that he just couldn't stop smiling. It was then that we realized that we were starting to trip. 

As we started to come up we found that conversation between J and I was greatly enhanced, I felt extremely sociable. J compared the drug to Adderall because he felt very light and energetic. We sat outside in J's yard for a while just admiring the plants and the landscape. We talked about a lot of deep things and reflected on our relationship with nature and our place in the world. It was humbling but very positive. We went back inside his house and sat in his living room with J's brother. At this point I was tripping fairly hard. There were significant distortions with my vision. Objects appeared to shift and move and my emotions were being pushed in a very positive direction. I was very euphoric and found everything that was said to be very interesting and funny.

J suggested that we go get some Thai food since we had not eaten anything the entire day. As we were walking over we passed by this house that was decorated in flashing Christmas lights. This was somewhat overwhelming for me. For whatever reason I just found this bush that was decorated in front of the house to be absolutely hilarious. I stood in front of the house laughing at the lights for about 20 seconds before J snapped me out of it. We walked to the restaurant and ate. Although while I didn't feel hungry up until we ate, the flavor and taste of the food seemed to be greatly enhanced. It was around this point that the trip started to take a more sedated quality to it. J and I walked around for about 30 minutes before returning to his house. The entire time I felt pleasantly trippy. I wasn't really hallucinating but I felt extremely happy and could not stop smiling. It was a great experience. We came down fully in the next two hours or so while we looked at paintings by Alex Grey.

Reflections:

Overall, both J and I really liked San Pedro. Both of us felt a very positive emotional push from the drug. I did experience some visual distortion and a definite energy flowing through my body. J felt that the effects for him were more physical than mental, but enjoyed it none the less. We will definitely explore this substance more, however, we will definitely refine our methods. 1) I think we should boil the cactus for longer. The solid remains of the cactus were still fairly green so I do not think we removed all the alkaloids from the material.  2) Since we have access to a reliable stock of this plant we will probably increase the length of the plant we consume to probably about 16". I enjoyed the dose I took but I feel that a deeper experience would be much more rewarding. 3) Just a word of warning: This plant in my experience takes a very long time to come on. Don't be surprised if effects don't appear for up to 2 hours. We were convinced that drinking the extract had done nothing more than make us nauseous but we ended up having a very pleasant and positive trip.