I was with 2 of my friends on saturday night hanging out in my room thinking of ways to score for the night (our dealer was out somewhere and we had no way of contacting him) eventually I got hold of him and I asked for and 8th of cannabis he said 'cool' so I went on a mission to pick up the stuff from his house. I got there and he was like 'Im dry, but my mates gonna drive round with some, oh by the way do you wanna pill as well?'

I had been thinking of doing E for a long time so I decided to give it a go. I got the eighth and the pill and went back home to my mates, I unwrapped the newspaper the stuff was in and they were like 'Is that an E man?' 'Sure' I replied, my friends are a bit apprehensive about E because of some bad things they had heard from media shit and the like, but they were cool with me doing it. I dropped it about 5.45pm and swallowed it whole (they taste like dogpiss). Im a bit apprehensive about eating drugs because whenever I do, they never seem to work.

I have eaten cannabis, nutmeg and speed and all returned shit or no results at all, so I was not expecting anything at all. We went to go to my girlfriends house as a few other friends were there so we left the house about 6.00pm and arrived at the train station at about 6.15pm, still nothing from the E but I couldn't help thinking about If it was gonna work at all. I had time to buy a burger before our train, as I was talking to the burger guy I could feel the E rushing and surging up into my brain 'fuck' I thought 'this shits actually working' I had a feeling of complete alertness and I felt so active I couldn't believe it. Normally, my first time on any new drug had been completly alien and quite scary, on E I felt as If I had being doing it all my life.

I started to eat my burger 'mmmmmmmmmmm' it tasted so good! I scoffed it down so fast because it felt as If I had to. We caught the train and sat down. My friends had been toking before we left so they were mashed at the time, my mate Dave looked at me then started cracking up 'your eyes man, they are huge!' I jumped up and ran (really fucking legging it) down the train to the toilet to look in a mirror 'shite, I can hardly see my iris, my pupils are so big' I legged it back down to where my friends were (running felt cool) then back to the toilet again, I just had to run. We got off the train, by this time I was rolling off my tree, I felt full of confidence and I kept walking past people nodding at them in a sign of respect because everything was good, all was well. I made it to my girlfriends house in a complete state of bliss, put some music on (felt like a full on rave in her bedroom) and started arranging CD's around, she guessed I was pilled up to my eyes so she got me some food (again, beautiful tastes) and we engaged in fast irrelevant conversation, talking about anything but somehow it made sense and all tied in. We kissed a bit and each time it was an amazing feeling like being top of the world. After I came down I was left with a new found respect for everything and everyone, the one thing I regret is that I can't look at cannabis in the same way anymore (its just shit compared with E!).

I dont intend to do E for a while now because I feel I should limit myself and that its only a drug and there are better things to do. One thing about E though is that it is a false sense of happiness as it is drug-induced and this gets me thinking sometimes 'why do I do drugs, is it because I need them, because I cant be happy without them?'

overall though E was a wicked experience and I definetly recommened it to anyone! I'll be trying that again, but not just yet
peace
m.boy