It all started out on a saturday. I woke up at around 2pm and was pretty bored. I had remembered my friend N wanted to hang out and introduce me to speed. So i called her up and at around 4pm I picked her up and came back to my place. My parents just started to leave off to the grocery store, so I lit up a cigarette as she prepared some lines. I go upstairs and there are 2 lines, she hands me the straw and I snort one. The first minute was extremely unpleasant as it burned my nose like a bitch. It soon subsided, she did her line, and we went to watch TV.

About 10 minutes later we both decide to do one more line. *Sniff* ahhh much better. Time to go for a walk to ease our hyperactivity.

We arrive at Walgreens and I go in and steal some gum and candy. We casually walk out, smile at eachother, then keep on walking. I felt extremely happy at this point, I felt me and her were connected somehow, and as we walked by random people I felt i was connected to them and found myself saying hello to many random people just for the hell of it. We got home right when my parents did, and helped unload groceries (YAY). after that we went up and did another line each (this was at around 5:30pm). I pull out monopoly and we end up playing for a few hours. It was really interesting because the game was going so fast, exciting having something to do constantly.

We both abruptly stopped and did the last two lines left at around 7:30, and she pulled out 2 adderal-xr 30mg pills, we each take 1. I'm really spun out at this point, this being my first time, and I find myself constantly getting up and doing things. I put on my boots and took them off for no apparent reason. After all that I put on 'Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas', hopped on my bed and pulled the covers over me, it had gotten really cold all of a sudden. After the 1st 10 minutes of the movie I end up talking nonstop for the rest of the movie.

Its now 11:30 and I take her home. I come home and sit on my computer and play starcraft for around 5 hours. It was now 4:30 and I decided I should try and sleep. I quickly found out this was probably the most impossible task in the world. So I just sat there and watched TV. My chest started feeling wierd and I was coming down. Soon I had a headache, my heart rate was 70bpm when I was laying down, and I thought my chest was going to explode.

After a long while of watching TV time crept by slower and slower. Most of the meth had worn off but the Adderall was still kickin. I looked in the mirror and noticed my pupils were huge, I had'nt expected this and got very paranoid my parents would find out I was on something. I stayed in my room until 3pm, I had'nt eaten for a day and a half, and was literally starving. My paranoia subsided as I went downstairs and got some drinks and some food. Eating felt wierd, not good not bad. I was just happy to have something in me.

It's now 6:30pm and my pupils have almost gone back to normal. My chest hurts and my heart is still beating rapidly. Other than that I feel rather normal right now. This was especially scary when I came off the meth, being alone and not knowing if I was going to make it or not. My mind seemed to ponder the worst at all times which perhaps stopped me from getting caught but also made me stressed badly, making my heartrate and blood pressure go up and down on a roller coaster ride. 

I've concluded that I'm never doing any amphetamines again, theyre way too dangerous and addictive, I've learned much about meth on this trip and I'd rather stay away from it rather than ruining my life.