I have issues with substances hitting my system well and quickly, causing stomach discomfort in many situations that I find detracts from at least the onset of my substances of choice. And as I am an accomplished explorer of the somatic realms, and I intend to continue to be, I utilized my herbal skills to develop a recipe for maximum effect with minimum discomfort. Now that this is a 'tried and true' recipe (I have had associates request that I prepare it for them on their excursions with quite a few repeat requsts) I share it with the fine folks at Erowid. prepare the following : 

1.  One quarter ounce of dried psilocybin bearing carpophores per two to three servings (adjust according to your known tolerances and limits; I will reiterate many others when I say 'IF YOU DONT KNOW BETTER, USE CAUTION IN YOUR DOSAGES') I have split a half ounce three ways with excellent result, keep in mind these are dry weights.

2. one kiwi (peeled) and diced, one half orange or grapefruit, one small lime. 

3. Loose tea in a teaball or cheesecloth bag, seperated from the mushrooms. (I prefer green)  

4. Two tablespoons each (dry weight) of Peppermint leaf, wintergreen leaf and spearmint leaf.

5. One teaspoon each of catnip and ma huang (also called ephedra, listed elsewhere in the Erowid.org archives).

AS FOLLOWS:

1. begin boiling your water, zest (grate part of the outer peel) the citrus and put 2/3's of the zest (try to get two full teaspoons of just the outer peel) in with your tea (in the cheesecloth bag) add the Ma Huang and the catnip to the cheesecloth bag, but not the loose mint. 

2. Add the 'teabag' to the water and boil for fifteen minutes, reduce heat, and remove the 'teabag'.

3. Add the loose mint, diced kiwi, and remainder of the citrus zest, simmer until the water has cooled from it's boil to a slow roll (about 10 minutes).

4. Add your mushrooms, simmer another ten minutes and juice your citrus into the resulting brew. (you may add the citrus flesh if you like, it eases the munching of the mush, one of my favorite parts)

relax and smoke a reefer (if you are so inclined) prepared this way, psilocybian mushrooms begin to come on in less than twenty minutes fairly predictably. The last time I prepared this tea my companion was well on her way before she finished her cup. I have experienced far less stomach discomfort using this method, and have had a smooth transition and ride every time. I would love to know how this recipe works for all of you, so post your results! Perhaps even this superior brew can be improved.