As of now, I have been using for nearly 8 months!  The first time I tried it, I shot it straight to my veins and from that point on I had fell in love and became straight spoiled.  Heroin for me ruined all other drugs (with the exception of hallucinagins).  Pot just isn't a strong enough buzz...and pills and drinking takes way too much effort to get high.  I have never been a speed fan, either.  I know everyone has described the feeling many times before...but I think I will give it a go as well.

I live in Ohio and the place I have to go to get heroin is a good 40 minute trip...into the straight ghetto where getting shot over ten or twenty bucks is never out of the question.  The ride down there is always full of anxiety and filled with lots of cigarettes to pass the time.  

Once I get down there...we buy our shit and begin our journey back.  The first thing we do when we get our caps is begin to cook.  Waiting may be the worst part I have experienced during my 'benge.'  Once we have it cooked, whoever paid the most (which most of the time is me) gets the first shot.  As soon as I feel the needle pierce through my skin and into my veins I am relieved, as I know what is soon to become.  In nearly three seconds, maybe less, an overwhelming intense wave goes through my body.  

My first reaction is always coughing, I feel like I am going to puke at first, ever though I never have thrown up from it once!!  The wave consists of extreme relaxation of my whole body and mind, a warm feeling throughout my body which takes away any feeling of cold I might have had before, and finally all of the worlds problems drift away.  They don't really drift away...you just don't care that they are there.  The only thing that matters is that you are there at that moment.  Now, this intense feeling only lasts for around 10 to 20 minutes.  What I normally do is smoke a joint once that goes away.  Then I am just completely fucked up.  

Enough with the feeling.  For 8 months I have only went two weeks without shooting up once.  I have never done it three our four days in a row, although I could see why people would want to.  I have never experienced withdrawl.  The only withdrawl I have dealt with is, 'man it would feel good to shoot up!'  I have experienced difficulties with the 'old boy,' but never anything dealing with OD or addiction.  One time I ventured down to the good ol' town of drexel, I went to this girl's house that my buddy knew.  It was just him and I and we went to her bathroom to shoot up.  Everything was going smoothely, until her brother and his friends showed up.  We come out of the bathroom to five or six straight thugs telling us to get out of their house.  As soon as we get out the door they began to beat the shit out of us for shooting up in their house.  Grant it, this isn't something fun to happen, but if this is the worst I have gone through...I am pretty thankful.  

I have also been ripped off and robbed a few times...never with weapons or violence...but someone running off with our money and not giving us our drugs.  One of my friends also told my mother and she flipped about it.  But, I told her I only tried it a few times and we have a pretty trusting relationship at times.  

As I see it, heroin hasn't really harmed me at all.  I have done it for eight months, with a tolerence that grows and decreases according to the pace I am doing it.  I have never done less than a cap and I have never done more than two caps at a time.  I have never shot up twice in one day (unless it was consecutively, shooting my first cap then my second in a matter of minutes).  I have no intentions of quitting heroin completely, but I do begin school this coming Monday, so I will only do it on weekends and when I can spare the money.  

'...I don't wanna come back down from this cloud...'