I was recently blessed by the Gods, who allowed a quantity of 5-MeO-MiPT to find its way into my hands.  At 8:20 pm I eyed out somewhere around 11.71875 mg 5-Methoxy-N,N-Methylisopropyltryptamine and proceeded to ingest it in three equal sized piles over the next 40 minutes.  After the distribution of the sacrament, we called upon the aid of another ally, a special green lady to help cure any nausea and to bless us on our way.  
Notes on dosage:  These chemicals were ingested on a full stomach, which usually serves to time release, soften, and lengthen the effects of drugs in my system.  This trip was completely spur of the moment and random.  There was no planning for it, it just kind of happened.  Setting was at a party thrown by a FOAF.  Most people at this party were drunk and not open minded to drugs.  

Also, the dosage in TIHKAL is 4-6 mg, orally.  This being my first time, ~12 mg may seem a little high.  However, I've come to notice some things.  To this date I have not yet reached a state where I was tripping harder than I wanted to be or felt like it was mentally too much. I've found the dosages in TIHKAL to often be lower than my preferences. 

Usually I know when a hallucinogen is kicking in when I begin to see colors, trails, tracers, and breathing.  But how is one supposed to tell when the drug is not visually active?  

After about an hour I had reached a definite + on the Shulgin scale.  The energy and body tremors had built to the point where my leg was uncontrollably shaking.  I needed to go for a walk.  The next four hours felt almost exactly like I was on foxy.  Chemically this should come as no surprise.  The only difference was that foxy can sometimes be slightly visual, whereas this visually never developed into anything more than MDMA.  Things did look different, but they weren't moving.  But what 5-meo-mipt lacks in optical it more than made up for in tactile and body buzz.  As a short term aphrodisiac this leaves not only 2C-B but also foxy, 4-HO-DiPT, and anything else I've had in the dust.  And between my gf and my hand I had to stop to take a break 7 times during the course of my trip, which is usually a physical impossibility, no matter how bad I want it.
  
The body load was very similar to foxy as well.  I had no vomiting or even nausea, which really surprised me, this being such a rare and synthetic substance, and the fact that I get nausea and usually vomiting off almost any trip I eat.  No diarrhea, slight GI rumblings.  The main body issue was constant energy, shaking.  I needed a nook in my mouth the whole night.  I couldn't sleep until 9 the next morning.  I couldn't sit still for more than five minutes without getting antsy and pacing back and forth.  
On the walk back to the party it hit me.  This is ecstasy.  I had a moment of complete and utter happiness, everything was right in the world, every atom in my body vibrated with joy.  Don't get me wrong, this was not MDMA, it was not even remotely phen.  This had a classic tryptamine feel.  Since the term roll has come to mean so many things other than MDMA, I like think of this substance as a tryptamine roll. 
 
But after I'd managed to cure my burning sex drive, the drug took a completely different direction.  I don't claim to know much about chemistry, or anything about biological systems and drug mechanisms, but it felt like my body was finally done oxidizing the isopropyl branch of the nitrogen and had moved on to the methyl.  The drug still remained completely non-visual, but it got *WEIRD*.  Like, ayahuasca weird.  To make things more interesting, we took a walk in some pitch-black woods while a storm front was passing through.  Everything took on a spiritual aspect.  I could feel souls in the trees, reaching out to me.  I could feel a strange energy in the restless wind and approaching lightning.  I experienced a sense of foreboding and fear, for no real reason.  The rules of the "real world" ceased to be important and I got feelings such as God talking directly to me, or that if aliens decided to come down to abduct us it really wouldn't surprise me, like that was a common everyday experience. 
 
This state only lasted about an hour, and then I pretty much came down, I guess.  I really don't know what I came down from since I wasn't ever feeling that much.  All I wanted to do was go to sleep or go home, but my shaking legs kept me feeling like a meth-head, wired as fuck, pacing back and forth on a porch watching the sun rise.  

Overall, I am hard pressed to find something unique about this drug.  It simply felt like a mix between foxy and orally active 5-MeO-DMT.  I would like to explore more asymmetrical di-alkyltryptamines and see if this trend continues.  For instance, does the larger group (isopropyl in this case) always take effect first, or does it differ with every drug/trip/person?  Or is it simply that they were both present the whole time, but because the foxy part was stronger it masked the longer-acting 5-MeO-DMT aspect until it subsided and the DMT could shine through?  This sounds like a better theory, except that I could not fathom 5-MeO-DMT acting longer than foxy, nor could I imagine foxy being stronger than anything, let alone 5-MeO-DMT.  

This is truly a buried treasure.  I agree with the comment about 5-MeO-DMT being insultingly non-visual, but this drug more than makes up for it.  I had a great time, I will definitely do it again, probly at an even *higher* dosage.  This drug blends the party rave drug world with the spiritual soul seeker trip quite well, and is by far the best fuck drug I've ever experienced.  

One more note (because things often appear different days after a trip as opposed to the tail end).  I've taken 5-MeO-MiPT a few times since that night.  Once was an 8 mg oral dose which followed the same basic pattern but was barely a threshold and left me wondering at times if I was even feeling anything.  I also tried smoking about 15 mg on a bowl of weed, even though this was the salt, not the freebase form.  This method of ingestion tasted and felt very similar to 5-MeO-DMT except that I did not enter "the void" or have spiritual awakenings.  Rather I just got really fucked up, uncoordinated, and cold.
  
I previously called this material a buried treasure and wanted to share it with the world.  Since then I've done it with a dozen or so people, all of whom had a vastly different experience than mine.  The general consensus was an overwhelming feeling of drunkenness and intoxication.  Many said they felt tired.  This lasted about 4 hours, at which point they felt ‘good' or like they were ‘rolling a little.'  

Shulgin states that this chemical is unique, yet neither he nor I can seem to get away from comparing it to other chemicals.  Perhaps my chemist's logic made me expect it to be so much like foxy that I actually made my trip follow suit.  After all, it's all mind over matter.