After buying bulk skullcap and damiana I tried smoking them several times.  Smoking them had no effect on me at all. I then decided to brew them into a tea.  I put about one teaspoon of skullcap and one teaspoon of damiana into a coffee filter and brewed four cups of water through a coffee maker.  The tea was light green when it came out so I brewed it a second time.  This time it was about the color of urine.

While the tea was still hot I drank about two cups over a ten minute period.  About forty five minutes later my legs and arms felt numb and heavy.  I began to feel relaxed all over.  When I walked around I had a mild sensation of floating, sort of the way it feels when I walk in a deep swimming pool.  Euphoria set in.  I was content to just be doing whatever I was doing.  It was similiar to the feeling that occurs about a half hour after smoking cannibis but a little different.
  
I decided to sit down and draw for a while, which was incredibly soothing and stimulating.  I could visualize the picture in ways I never could before and had a good feeling about the final result of the piece.  Each line I drew on the page felt like it fit perfectly in its place, as if that was where it belonged.  I felt a connection to the lines I made on the page.  I felt as if I was where I belonged just as the lines were where they belonged.  It was a very pleasant experience. 

After drawing for about an hour the effects of the tea began to fade.  I quickly chugged the last two cups of tea.  I continued to draw and within a half hour the second dose of tea kicked in STRONG!  My eyes became heavy and I felt curiously dreamy.  I began to zone out and stare.  While I was staring at the white paper I was drawing on, my eyes began to play tricks on me.  I have never tripped before but this was the closest I have ever come to it.  Colors and shapes seemed to appear out of the texture of the paper.  Curiously I saw a red circle everywhere I looked, similiar to what happens after glancing directly into the sun.  In fact, at first I thought I had accidentally looked into the sun or a bright light but after examining my environment I could find no light source bright enough to cause this.

The effects peaked while I could see the translucent red circle and remained for about fifteen minutes.  During the peak I became very drowsy and felt like I was about to fall asleep.  I forced myself to stay awake and draw.  Suddenly the tea wore off.  The drowsiness and visual effects disappeared at the drop of a hat.  However, the relaxed sensations remain with me as I type this and my thoughts turn to brewing some more tea!