Sitting over at my friend's apartment, I decided to, once again, attempt an oral dose of cannabis.  I have consumed marijuana in this fashion several times in the past but only to minimal effects.  My other drug experiences include, but at not limited to mushrooms, salvia divinorum, san pedro cactus, amphetamine, demerol and alot more.  I have, in the past year been sticking to natural psychoactives only, with an occasional low dose of DXM.  

I had, earlier this day, received a half ounce of some very good schwag, hardly any seeds or stems and it smelled great.  I asked my friends' permission to use their bread, cheese, and butter, and went to work making a grilled cheese and weed sandwich.  I grated the cheese onto the bread and added 4g of herb on top of it, making sure I mixed it in with the cheese.  I then cooked this concoction just as anyone would cook a grilled cheese sandwich.  I will now attempt to explain the events of the evening chronologically:

12:30 AM - consume grilled cheese and weed sandwhich on an empty stomach.  I then leave my friends' apartment to head to my friend J's place before the sandwich kicks in.

12:45 AM - I arrive at J's place and am slightly disquieted to feel the weed already taking affect.  I write it off as placebo for the moment, roll a ciggarette, and smoke with J outside.  

1:00 AM - no it is not placebo.  I am slightly altered, but in a way that is differnt from smoking.  I take just one hit of J's brother's KB and this really seems to kick the oral dose into gear.

1:15 AM- J is getting ready to leave so I will have to leave soon.  I talk with his brother and secretly begin getting very anxious and slightly confused, but I'm having a good time, none the less.  Speaking of time, it has slowed WAAAAAAAAAY down at this point.  5 minutes seems like 30 minutes easily.  This time dialation is not as noticable as it is on mushrooms, but still, it is there.

1:30 AM-  I leave Jim's house and begin shaking quite violently upon sitting in my car.   [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]  I'm not scarred of anything but I can NOT stop shaking.  I am also becomming very clouded and everything seems loud and chaotic. Fearing that my anxiety is going to drive me mad by the time this is all over with, I put in Incubus' album 'morning view'.  It's an old CD and I have lot's of good memories involved with it.  After singing a few songs I am starting to feel a little better, and alot higher.

2:00 AM- I arrive at home.  I can no longer feel my body much at all and I am starting to be bombarded with thoughts, much like a mushroom trip.  I begin making stories up about everything I look at in my bedroom.  Pointless stories of lunacy coming from nowhere and everywhere.  Really random stuff.  I attempt to play Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, but soon realize I am too incapacitated even for that.

3:00 AM - My heart is really beating quite heavily and quickly and has been for a while, now.  Being very comfortable with marijuana, I realize that this is a common thing for the dose I have taken and dismiss it before it can trouble me anymore.  I am still comming up.  I am already more stoned then I have ever been in my life (and I've been smoking weed for years and years).  It is not a funny, ticklish stone, but a delerious and downright psychedelic stone.  

3:30 AM- I have reached the peak and at this point my body feels like it has fallen asleep and is waking up slowly (the way an arm or leg would fall asleep).  It is a very, very strange sensation.  When I walk I feel like I am floating.  Closing my eyes reveals indescribable pictures, many of them containing animals and plants.  With eyes open, my eyes focus and unfocus constantly.  Light is very bright.  My posters on my walls creep slowly, as though they are running down the wall like fresh paint.  My eyes burn and they are more comfortable closed.  I turn on some dntel (ambient electronica) and lay down in my bed to relax in the dark.  I am experiencing slight ego loss.

4:00 - 6:30 AM- I spend this time in a half dream/half awake state.  I continue making up random stories in my head that seem to be comming from an outside source.  I think about how marijuana really is a powerful psychedelic and is sometimes easy to take for granted when you smoke it every day.  The body fry is still extremely intense and my body feels very warm all over, almost like I have a fever.  It is not an unpleasant feeling, however.  

6:30 AM (?) - 12:00 PM - I sleep at this point, very deeply.  I awaken feeling good but with a slight headache.  I drink a few glasses of water and feel much better.  I go about the rest of this day as I would any other day.  I notice that smoking weed makes some of the oral dose feelings come back a bit.

---

All in all, oral dose seems like the route to go if you are into a really introspective and more serious high.  I do not think I will be eating weed again any time in the next few months but I'm sure I will again.  This was a very intense experience and I can see how it would really freak someone out if they are prone to panic or bad anxiety.  I had a great time though and it is nice to be reminded how powerful of a plant marijuana really is.