First, the background: I'm a frequent bud smoker whith a long and generally pleasant history of Ecstacy, opium and mushroom use.  I've tried a few of the speedier drugs out there only on rare occasion, but am not a habitual, or even occasional user of most of these (speed, coke, meth etc.).  When my firends need an experienced tripper or sitter they call me, so when my 2 closest friends (lets call 'em Jane and John) called and said lets test out 2C-i I jumped at the chance.  Now to the important stuff...

Trip one:

We prefer to trip at night, and as we were warned there would be a great sensitivity to light we waited until almost 10 PM on a Friday night (so we'd have longer to recover before work on monday).  We range in weight from 130 to 250 lbs between the three of us, but were told to all try the same dose.  We took 40 mg each in gel caps and waited.  Onset was a long wait...almost 2 hours.  

It began soon after we put in a DVD of a comedian we'd been dying to see.  I've never laughed so hard in my life.  Before visuals ever started a euphoria began to spread through me that I could see mirrored on the faces around me.  Granted, the comedian is generally hysterical, but we litterally FELL OVER laughing.  I fell off the couch...twice.  Jane fell over laughing in the middle of the room.  We had to pause and take a break several times.  When it was over we went out for a cigarette, and upon opening the appartment door rushed to find sunglasses for the bright hall lights.  The walls had begun to breathe while we were distracted by the show.  The lavender hallway (typical apartment hall) looked like the magical narrowing hallway in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate factory (the original).  

We went only up after that.  With a speedy feeling reminiscent of speedy MDMA tabs, John and I took a walk, our favorite high past time.  Everything seemed to have a rime of frost on it, trees moved like seaweed underwater, and the moon breathed and seemed to scuttle around.  Lawns seemed to roll subtly like the incoming tide and if I focused too long on a group of stars they seemed to swirl like a nebulus.  Pebbled pavement suddenly seemed to have been carefully laid out with rhyme and reason, the paterns complex and moving.  I described it as the most ornamental ironwrok pattern I've ever seen.  John called it lace like, and we spent a great deal of time silent, just watching things.  

Back at the apartment, we settled in on the couch in the dark to watch movies.  The best were digital animation- bright colors, simple lines and exotic landscapes.  In the bathroom, I tried to look in the mirror, but my reflection collapsed into my nose, collidascope like over and over again, though I could recognize the shape ofmy eyes in the moving pattern,  or my lips.  Happy to be an experienced tripper who wasn't flipping out at this, I simply washed my hands and watched...for a long time.  

Things kept up much like this for about 5 1/2 hours before we came down, not abruptly, but rather quickly (1/2 hour comedown).  We were starving, and ate ravenously of french fries, fruit, cheese and apple juice, before sleeping for a solid and restful 8 hours.  

Looking back: We could talk and think easier on 2C-i than MDMA, but speech paths were definately limited during the highest point.  While I'll still used MDMA, I'll probably use it much less often than before in favor of this new substance.  The after affects were general relaxation and 24 hours mildly slowed reaction time.  Sensitivity to light for 24 hours.  On subsequent trips we've mixed sub-cubensis mushrooms with it to great afftect.