This is my first entry, although I will be submitting some entheogen experiences as I feel I owe something back to all you psychonauts who have assisted me on my own shamanic quest. But for now here is a little herbal smoking concoction I put together after studying many submissions on similar mixes and trials of each individual substance.

I bought these herbs from a local herbal store in the city after work this afternoon. On the way home I stopped past the liquor store and bought a bottle of Jim Beam. I love fridays! I am not attributing much of the effects I am feeling right now to the alcohol as the buzz I am feeling is predominantly herby and not so much alcoholic in nature.

To continue, I downed 2 bongs of Dagga to start with, waited three minutes to appreciate the effects which were quite subtle but nice. I then pulled two bongs of the Damiana and waited another three minutes for it to settle in. A fairly good buzz is flowing through my channels now. Still nothing compared to some good weed but definitely worth the dirt cheap price in that respect.

Finally I topped it off with two swift hits of the Catnip. Ten minutes later and I'm tuned in very sweetly indeed. The Catnip has seemed to potentiate the other two herbs pretty effectively. Definitely a mild euphoric feeling here. I'm experiencing heightened sensitivity to light and colours are brighter too. Things seem to have slowed down just a little bit and walking has a sort of floating sensation to it. I'm listening to Soundgarden's 'Superunknown' at the moment which has a vague echo effect to it. Very nice indeed. Chris Cornell's whaling and haunting vocals on 'Like Suicide' are sounding bloody awesome!

Forty-five minutes in and I've only had two Jim Beams which I can tell is affecting me slightly but not really changing the effects of the herbs. Time to chop up a mix of all three. I've just taken three hits of all the herbs combined and I've been slotted straight into the place I was after smoking the herbs individually but the buzz feels amplified. There's a tingly, warm body-stoned feeling happening here. I like it!

An hour and fifteen minutes into the experiment and I've just polished off my third Jimmy. Now the alcohol is contributing a little bit of influence but not a great deal. It does seem to synergize nicely with this mix though. This is where I'll sit for a while and see how long I buzz for. I feel very relaxed and mildy euphoric at this stage. Unlike a Marijuana induced high, I have quite a clear and sharp mindset but with an enjoyable body-buzz that is now rivalling weed and alcohol combined.

Two hours on and one more glass of Jimmy and cola. The effects of the herbs are starting to subside ever so slightly but are still more prominent than the alcohol. I will end my report here and state that this blend is, in my opinion, a viable substitute for Marijuana. I needed to smoke a larger quantity but it still worked out a lot cheaper and without the drawbacks of weed, like paranoia and the scattered feeling. Hope you enjoy it.