Up until a year or so ago I along with most of my friends thought of cocaine as an evil force which could send you spiraling into addiction and worse. But then I began to think how I had approached cannabis. For years I had steered clear of dope but once I had tried it I found I could control it with ease and use it to my own advantage. So why should coke not be the same.

One afternoon I was at a friend's house when he produced a bag of cocaine and offered me a line. I was instinctively wary of taking it but then remembered how I had reasoned it out to myself and decided to join in. I did a fairly large line in each nostril and smeared what was left all over my gums. For 5 or 10 minutes there was nothing, but then it kicked in. The numbness spread all over the roof of my mouth and soon I was away. Suddenly I was talking like there was no tomorrow and the feeling of confidence and arrogance was overwhelming. But when I came down there was no longing for more. Had some been at hand I would have taken it but there was no desire to walk the streets in search of a dealer.

There then came a long gap of about 10 months with no coke. The next opportunity was after a night out clubbing. I had taken some MDMA (A Mitsubishi to be precise) but had not come up at all. Then after the club, we agreed to go to a friend's room to get a gram of coke. We got there and got stuck in, snorting up a good big line each. We set off for home but were already flying. We stopped off in our college library to do some lines of the tables, by now we were on the top of the world and being caught was not an issue. We were away, all talking at once and all believing that we were the fountains of world knowledge. Having started the night at about 10:30 PM we found ourselves still buzzing at 9 AM.

That night was a bit of a binge but I continue to use cocaine. A couple of lines during a night of joint smoking always helps make the night a really good one as coke can really bring out the effects of other drugs. I am pretty sure I am in no way addicted as I never really crave at all, but this could be the result of a strange ability my family seem to have to not become addicted to anything, cigarettes, alcohol, whatever. This seems to make cocaine an ideal, if not a tad expensive drug. I can see that it could cause problems but I think as with any drug, so long as you treat it with some sort of reverence then it should be fine.