Friday, 10:30 P.M.:

On this night I had my first experience with hallucinogens, specifically some psilocybic fungi that my friend had given me.  I waited until the rest of my family was asleep, then I went to my room, got out the mushrooms, and picked out the largest one in the bag, about 3 grams worth.  I put it in my mouth, chewed it up, and held it in my mouth for a while; It tasted horrible, so I went into the kitchen and washed it down with some water.  I went back to my room, lay down on my bed for a while, and waited for my trip.
	
I had heard that onset took approximately 20 minutes.  This time passed, and it felt like nothing was happening.  So I got up and walked around my house; That's when I realized that everything around me was very, VERY out of proportion, in the tactile sense.  I looked down at my hands, and they seemed very far away, and my sense of gravity became highly distorted, almost to the point of vertigo.  I walked from the living room into the bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror; my pupils were dilating and constricting at a very rapid pace.  I then walked back to my room and lay down on my bed again.  I put on my headphones and began listening to Shpongle: Tales of the Inexpressible, as I looked up at my ceiling for a while.  That's when I began to see patterns, great, glowing monstrosities crawling all over my ceiling like Celtic strobe-lights from heaven, changing colors at a furious pace.  The designs and colors changed frequently, but they seemed limited to the focal point of my vision; whatever I was focusing on, the patterns appeared upon.  When I looked at my hands, my fingers started to change size and shape, and the glowing patterns where there too, crawling across my skin, and dancing underneath it, Celtic and tribal at the same time.

Then I noticed that everything in my room, and everything in the universe for that matter, was disproportionate to the space around it.  I looked at the door to my room, and though at first glance it seemed to be the same shape and size as it was originally, it began to change in shape and size relative to the wall it was on.  And what small space was between its hinges seemed to stretch off into eternity.  In fact, when I closed my eyes, everything I touched seemed to stretch off into eternity, my bed, my pillow, and myself.  Everything, every miniscule point in space had its own micro-landscape, its own domain, teeming with an energy and life-force all it's own.  	
    
At this point, I began to explore my body; It looked the same, but when I ran my fingers across my stomach, or knees, or face, what I felt was utter alieness, something entirely new.  That feeling you get; that link between your nerves in your fingers and whatever part of you you're touching, was completely gone.  When I touched my neck, shoulder, or side, I was completely unaware of its connection to the very hand I touched it with, for this I could no longer feel. Perhaps the oddest, yet most intriguing part of it all was when I closed my eyes and thought; My thought processes were completely altered.  Every thought that came into my mind seemed to be part of a swirling, multi-faceted plain of design and information continuously playing itself out inside my head; and for some reason, I could entertain no single thought for more than a fleeting instant.  Then it would get sucked back into the afore mentioned swirl pattern (see fig, 1), never to be seen again.  I can only speculate that the reason I could entertain no singular thought for very long was that my head was teeming with voices, speaking in many tongues, saying fractured, fragmented things.
   
In short, my entire existence at this time seemed like a web, not like a spider web, but a web following a linear plane sequence, made from strands of time, space, depth, feeling, and senses, spanning infinitely up, down, left, right, and everywhere in between, glowing all the while.  One thing was for sure; whatever sense of normalcy I had 3 hours before, was completely shattered.  Eating that mushroom had taken the time/space continuum and ripped it open, leaving a gash for me to jump in to.  I stood up again, and walked into the living room (careful not to look into any mirrors for fear of freaking out completely), and looked at the clock; it was 2:30 in the morning, and the drug was beginning to take a back seat to my overwhelming need for sleep; So I went back to my room, lay down in bed once again, and drifted off peacefully into the vast sea of existence.

Unanticipated effects:
1. The next morning, I had a splitting headache for most of the day.
2. I have also noticed that taking mushrooms has improved my complexion considerably.
3. When under the influence of mushrooms, it is IMPOSSIBLE for me to sleep.