[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.] 

It took me nearly three years of my chemistry degree to realise that stealing the lab chemicals to get high on was very easily done. My chemical of choice was diethyl ether as I'd heard that it could be a fun solvent and a few sly sniffs in labs had proved this true. I snuck it home in a 500ml plastic bottle which I then covered in tape and put in the fridge.

I first attempted to get high off it by just sniffing the top of the bottle but however hard I tried I couldn't get more than a slight floaty feeling which really wasn't worth the effort.

A few days later I devised the idea of a special ether bomb consisting of a 500ml plastic bottle loosely filled with strips of white cotton fabric (ether might react with dyed or synthetic fabrics so these are probably best avoided, the old pillow case I used was perfect). I poured about 10ml of the ether into the bottle, replaced the lid and waited for it all to evaporate. Once it had I carefully removed the lid, inhaling the ether vapour as it hissed out. After a few sucks on the bottle to remove the excess fumes I carefully stabbed a hole near the bottom of the bottle with a kitchen knife and then sucked deeply on the neck, inhaling the ether-filled air that rushed through the bottle. The taste of chemicals was realy horrible and my lungs gasped as they do when I accidentally inhale vinegar fumes off hot chips. More gentle inhalation was definitely the way forward. Me and my friend passed the bottle between us for about 15 minutes noticing the fumes weakening in strength as time went by. As we did I began to feel quite floaty and detached and lost some depth perception (when I looked down my feet looked so far away). 

Eventually we were just sucking on air so we gave up on the bottle and jabbered at each other and watched what was happening outside (very little but it was still fascinating). The high was a bit like taking mild acid but more interesting and with more energy. It slowly faded away over about an hour leaving behind me with no nasty effects other than the horrible smell in my room which took days to fully clear. My friend wasn't so lucky as he developed a really bad headache later in the evening.

The next day I discovered the addictive nature of ether. It wasn't a nasty oh-my-god-i-need-some-ether kind of thing just a consistent thought in my head that it would be quite nice to do some ether right now. I intentionally didn't do more for a while as I felt that I could do without an ether addiction while I did my finals.

About a week later I got back into the house after going out for a few of beers to find nothing interesting on TV and no-one in to talk to and figured I may as well get high. Repeating the same technique but this time with a bit less ether I returned to my dreamy haven and discovered that the ether and the beer worked well together, even more so when I put some music on to float around my room to. I went to bed still high and lay back happy as a bunny in bunnyland. Before long sleep drifted over me and I didn't wake until morning.

I like ether. It has the downsides of its addictive nature, the smell and the safety concerns but no drug is perfect.