I have managed to experiment with many drugs despite the oppressive drug testing policy of my employer, and am always looking for more.  After discovering information about Salvia as a legal gateway to other worlds, I was skeptical, but after finding it among Erowid's Vaults, I was somewhat re-assured, and went about obtaining some for experiments.

  Being overly anxious to try Salvia, and validate it's potency, I found myself impatient waiting for my friend to return from the bars tonight.  After surfing the web and infusing myself with knowledge, I decided I could wait no longer, and prepared to try without a sitter.  This is NOT recommended, but things turned out.  I loaded a traditional tobacco pipe with a small amount of cherry tobacco to act as a screen, loaded about 80 mg of Salvia 5X extract on top, and proceeded outside to the porch to eliminate any hazards of dropping the pipe and starting a fire with no-one in the house.  I hyper-ventillated with 3 or 4 deep rapid breaths to allow me to hold the smoke longer, and took one hit from the pipe, saying to myself "I hope this isn't bunk".  I held my breath for about a minute, and happily began feeling effects.  It started with pulsating of sound, and mild visual disturbances (the bushes started looking very cool).  I was afraid to smoke more since I didn't have a sitter, so I put the pipe down.

  As I put my hands down on my lap, I could feel them going through my pants, as they had some sort of liquid property.  I resisted the temptation to boost with another hit.  I'm sure I didn't get the full 80 mg.  After about five minutes of looking into the street, the effects starting waning, though I still perceived the pulsating sounds, and thought how similar that part of the effect was to my experiences with nitrous.  I wandered inside, fairly unimpaired, and loaded a cylinder of nitrous.  The effects set in very rapidly, with a tingling in my teeth, hands and toes after only 15 seconds.  Closed eye visuals returned.  I kept seeing black and purple, with patterns varying wildly on the periphery and diagonally through the center of my field of vision. In purple was written something I believe to be Lysergic Acid Amide but the whole middle of the phrase was overcome by the patterns.  I am considering LSA from Morning Glory, so it has been implanted in my mind.  The nitrous remained strong for about 5 minutes, and everything was over 20 minutes after first smoking.

  Overall the experience was quite mild, but I was pleasantly surprised to find a legal experience like that.  I can't wait to try a higher dose with a friend.