The day of the experience I had not had much sleep, or eaten anything at all. This was the 4th time I had done ecstacy in the past 12 months, and again it was just a friday hanging out with friends.  

I dropped the E at around 6:00pm and was coming up around 7:00pm.  I had an immense body load, and nausea followed, in which I puked up the pill (orange maple leaf).  I ate something, drank a small amount of water and dosed another pill 30 minutes later.  Within 45 minutes, I was back 'up' and this time with no body load and no nausea to speak of.  My state of mind was peaceful, relaxed but also with an endless reserve of energy, to be used for anything and everything.  Music (esp. Jungle) has a much greater sense of flow and integrates into the visual scene well.  A severe case of eye wiggles (nystagmus) proved entertaining while watching a movie at a friends house, my vision insisted on 'sliding' off the screen every 5-10 seconds without continued concentration on a focal point.  

Extreme pupil dilation and eye wiggles are the only visible effects of intoxication, in the 4 times having done E I have never experienced jaw clenching or teeth grinding.  Everything is bouncy and happy, I seem to want to skip, jump or dance everywhere I'm going (This is kinda freaking out the people I'm with, because they're not rolling).  A light sense of floating within my body makes steps light and airy, but still sure of themselves.  No loss of balance or memory, I am still able to recall important information and walk a straight line.  Feeling huggy but not in the extreme and as though I can predict whats going to happen and control it to work to my advantage.  No visual hallucinations to speak of throughout the night, more of a relaxed buzz that entertains the mind and soul.  At around 1:00 am everyone decides to go to sleep, and I join them falling asleep at around the same time as everyone else,  In the morning I wake up at 8:30 am, with energy to spare and still feeling a small amount above baseline, this feeling has continued to the time of writing this report (8:18 pm the same day).  

Of all the times I have done ecstacy this was probably the most enjoyable, for a reason that escapes understanding.  The after effects are pleasant I feel an 'afterglow' of the pill, which is usual, 3 of 4 times I have ingested ecstacy, I have noticed this afterglow effect.  The odd time out, I also ingested alcohol and woke up feeling completely drained and unwilling to move for 2 days.