It was Saturday night getting home about 11pm after a long day of sleeping only 5 hours after a long Las Vegas Friday night out. In the evening of Saturday I took my friend to see the movie 'Remember the Titans'. After getting home from the movie I was pretty inspired and in an elevated state of mind. Coming home started to watch 'Babylon 5 Third Space' that I recorded the night before. This started to be a brew to a mindset and experiences I never knew my mind was capable of producing.

I got very comfortable in front of my home theater and lit up some green, of what I thought was about medium quality, and in 5 minutes did it again arriving to a good plateau of sweet, mellow, friendly state starting to go into deep thoughts about the movie, in which 'Gates of Haven' to be opened up. It was that point that I smoked about 1/8 gram of 6X extract of Salvia, immediately followed by another hit from a protopipe.

The first hit Salvia gets me into a plateau of extended 'dimensional perception' with my head feeling heavy. It's like space in front of me has lightning strikes in it, but the strikes have a depth, just like if you would crack a huge ice block with an axe, and you would see those crack-lines running deep into the ice block. Well, sometimes my consciousness gets into and runs along those cracks into a dimension that is of an another space, the fabric of it is made out of an intense feeling of un-localised well being mixed with orgasm and it is still an open eyed thing. 

The second hit was the most mind-blowing experience of my life, so far. 

All of a sudden the crack I was in now, expanded in dimension and felt much more 'spacious' and started to pull and push me in the same time forward into an open space, much like coming out of the small end of a funnel to where I saw the orange-yellow-white light and the pleasure was increasing by the second to levels I cannot describe better than the equivalent of a thousand orgasm both physical and mental (!!!) so intense, that I was actually thinking that is unfair for me that I did not know about it and that it was so unaccepted. At this point I AM no longer body and mind but only pure consciousness in an orgasmic experience of sucked onto the surface of the bowl of light. I AM flat as a pancake, now on the inner surface of the light and just being dissolved in an orgasmic pleasure. Energy spikes around my edges connecting with the light keeping me falling out of it. And it's just keep on going probably 6-8 minutes. 

Slowly I began to come out of it much the same way as I went in. Effects where diminishing but far from over. After having realized that a have a body I moved my head, open my eyes and enjoyed the dimensional cracks for a while, 're-living' the wisdom of the movie. Than I laughed for about 15 minutes, coming out of it as cleansed and relaxed as a newborn baby. Next morning I woke up laughing. I was changed in ways difficult to describe, but some of it would be: 

Re-unite with humanity
We all have our own life path to travel 
Let everybody be, Be yourself 
Other people's upsets are theirs, and I can help them only by being calm
All day I experienced an afterglow of wonderful well being, love and affection. 
And now this!!! Last night a got into the dimensional cracks just by smoking some green from my new gorgeous waterpipe.... One hit of Salvia and...... who knows?

Pscyonaut, Las Vegas