I will start by saying that while I do not use any drug heavily, I have tried mushrooms, pot, coke, meth and others. I purchased whole unground nutmeg (63g) and ground up three of the nuts. I took two tablespoons of this powder and mixed it with lemon juice to hide the supposidly horrible flavor. I drank it down in two gulps and got my first surprise. This stuff wasn't that bad. I wouldn't drink it for the taste, but it was nothing compared to the horror stories I had read. This was at 8:39 pm.

About 9:45 I started wondering when the effects would kick in, I noticed I felt something, but not much more than a mild marijuana buzz. About 20 minutes later I downed the rest of what I had ground up, making an even 3 tablespoons. This I took straight out of the spoon, followed by a glass of water. This was actually easier than the other method, as the citric acid had caused some irritation the first time which I originally blamed on nutmeg.

10:30 or so was when I definately knew that I was feeling it get more intense, and I also noticed something that I hadn't seen described in relation to nutmeg. The process of coming up hit kind of like waves in an approaching shore. There would be a peek, when I would notice the effects were more pronounced, this would fade and be followed by a trough in which everything was almost completely normal. These peeks and troughs were relatively short, and inbetween was a period where I hovered in the middle of the extremes. Each time the peek came it was more intense than the last, and when I settled back to the midpoint, it was more intense as well. 

This continued for quite a while. At first I would describe it as smoking pot, starting at just barely being stoned, and progressing to being totally wasted. At one of the peeks I thought to myself 'this is the highest I can go before it feels like something other than weed.' At this point I laid down on the couch and continued to watch tv. My guess was it had been about an hour, but when I looked at a clock it was 3:30 AM. It had been about 3 hours since I had actually sat down. I went to my room and turned on some music and watched the screensaver. This didn't produce any cool visuals or anything, but was still interesting to watch for no apparent reason. At this point I ruined my experience however by deciding that it was ok if I layed down and listened to music. I was asleep almost instantly, as I had slept maybe 2 hours the night before. At 7:00 AM I woke up and realized the music was still on so I turned it off and went back to sleep. 

I woke up around noon and got up to take a shower. I actually felt kind of drunk, lack of complete motor coordination, walking felt a little weird. I did not however, as some people have reported, have a hangover. There were virtually no negative effects. I walked around outside the next day, I live in a big city so this was not a nature walk. I was kind of dazed, I was looking around at nothing in particular, especially up at the sky. I went to bed that night and that was the end of it.

I will try this again, maybe with a friend, probably a little more, and definatly when I am more awake, or maybe use a stimulant, don't know what the effects would be mixed though.