[Erowid Note: 
The dose described in this report is very high, potentially beyond Erowid's 'heavy' range, and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.]

It was the first night of bonnaroo 2004 with dave mathews shitty set an umphreys show comming up.  It was about 8:45 and I decided that smoking pot and eating ganja goo balls wasen't enough for my anticipated umphreys show so I decided to pick up some chronic mushrooms.  I placed the boomers in a ham and cheese sandwitch and munched it down.  Now I am an extreemly expirence mushroom eater going through both good and bad trips and getting through them.

As we got to my friends tent I realized that I needed water and could not lay off the fact asking everyone and anyone for it.  I finally got my water but still had my anzioty so I decided to lay down in the grass and look at the stars.  At this point in time is when the effects really started to kick in.  My body started to feel like the grass was growing all over me and then turned into arms which pulled me under ground only to shoot me straight back up into the air and back to reality.  I then knew this was going to be like no other trip.

As I snaped out of it I went back to the tent to see when we were going to begin out journey to umphreys but as soon as I looked at my friends all of there facial expressions changed sporadically so I had no idea who was mad or happy or anything. as I looked at my friends all of there facial expressions changed sporadically so I had no idea who was mad or happy or anything.

We began to journey to the umph show and the waves began to kick in hard core.  Every wave began with me running as fast as I could tward the light till I fell to the ground just to get pulled under.  Now I am not a religious person at all but the way that I got pulled under ground greatly resembled jesus on the cross pose with my hands out to the sides and my feet nailed to eachother.  The most intense part was everytime a wave started I felt like more and more of my actual reality and past was forgotten.  It started simple like me thinking I was a different person to me not believing who I really was.  At one point I woke up from a 'coma' only to realize my whole life was a compleete dream and that I was someone else from the 60's who had just gotten out of a bad acid trip.

The only thing I can actually remember from reality is running aroung naked and being extreemly agressive with people who were trying to help me.  I am happy live every day as it comes type of person and am not mean to practally anyone.  My trip kept going untill the sun came up the next morning to which I smoked a bowl and said 'what the fuck just happened' and went on with the rest of my weekend.  Though I stayed away form mushies and went with happier drugs like mali and x.