I recently had a life enhancing, healing and very fun experience when candy flipping while at a rave. I was with one of my best friends (D), and one of his very good friends (S) who is a cool guy. We were traveling down to London to get away and simply have a fun filled night. It was planned for a week or so, looked like it might not happen, then at the last minute we decided it had to feature, for sanities sake.

The rave was taking place from 9PM-9AM, and we arrived around 10:30. The rave was at a place I've never been, and immediately I got good vibes of the fellow people at the place, everyone was very chilled out. Got talking to one guy about his smoked DMT experience, and he might be able to hook me up with some pure DMT in a few weeks. We were all in high spirits, and my friends seemed to be really digging the venue. Had a similar crowd to the Synergy raves.

The night was still young and the place was still relatively empty. We chilled out, talked and had a few beers and smoked a few nice homegrown blueberry joints. We took some powerful antioxidants and milk thistle caps, which is a liver detoxicant. I was surprised how high I was feeling already. The hours started slipping by. We hoped to find some pure MDMA first, my friend's mate had never tried it before, but there didn't seem to be any going on, but we find these nice looking Mercedes e's, so we dosed on these around 1.

We moved between rooms soaking up the atmosphere. Around 45 minutes later a guy was going around asking people if they had something. Without hearing him I knew he was on a search for acid. I spoke to him and asked if he could possibly let me know if he encounters any, and I'd do the same. It wasn't long before he returned. A guy was selling liquid acid, which is always very nice.

It was my best friends first proper time doing acid and we dosed at 2. He had 1 drop, and despite the guy's warning, I had 2. A round this time our other friend dosed on another e. A round this time I was really starting to feel the e, which was still building. It was so good to feel the MDMA rushes, that brilliant speeded up euphoria. We chilled for a while to let the effects come on. It was quite subtle at first, but not for long. Liquid, syrupy coloured hallucinations were beginning to circulate around the room. My friend was noticing it as well. The high was incredible.

Two things I noticed while candy flipping this time. The amount of energy I had was crazy. Constant, involuntarily moving to the music all the time. This effect lasted for many hours. MDMA and LSD both raise my body temperature. Before peaking my friend and I really started to notice this a lot. We had to go outside to cool of a few times. We both observed how it appeared like heated convection currents were everywhere and morphing everything. The clouds seem to flow down to meet us. I think my friend even watched a pink electric sun rise several times, at 3 in the morning.

The peak of any acid trip is the craziest time. The hallucinations were overwhelming in complexity and detail and were all encompassing. At times it seemed like the acid has me cornered a bit, it was so intense. It was hard to hear and understand people. My friend went down to the toilets where it was a bit cooler for a few times, and once went off to the other room for a while without me noticing, and I was left with our other friend, who was really digging the e's. Paranoia started to creep in during these times. I was concerned for my friend, during his first proper trip, and I knew this was some GOOD acid. Time dilation may have made things a bit worse in these instances. He was fine though and returned from the other room. We danced for a while which was awesome. The music was very powerful, and the psychedelic art, lasers and fog machines made a brilliant environment for tripping. Started to get hot again, and we chilled out for a while. It was a weird feeling, wanting both to move a lot and chill at the same time.

The acid was still very intense. A wild drug. I remembered the Merry Pranksters philosophy when tripping "Don't accept it, don't reject it, flow with it." Some good advice I think. We smoke another joint which gave the colours a real revamp. I was in a whole other world still. I talked to my friend and other people. I really dig the interesting cross section of people you get at raves. Around this time I felt very relaxed and content. Dark thoughts did make the odd appearance but were soon banished. I felt-physically- my worries, anxieties and tensions evaporate room my body. It was quite sudden, and powerful.

Gradually reality began to come into focus again. Smoked some shisha, provided by some cool people, and added a bit of ganja to it. Was really pleasant. Clear, calming. At this point couldn't help but feel awkward for our other friend who was now down from the e's. We trippers had just entered the ‘blissful nirvana' stage off an acid trip, following the craziness of the peak, and were feeling great. I never get an MDMA hangover on acid. The acid just overpowers it.

Around 9 the rave ended and we were unleashed onto the world still far from sober. Where do all the other trippers vanish to? We had nowhere to stay and went and chilled out in a nearby park in the sun, and smoke a last joint. It was strange but our brains were making music out of all random city noises. Am very glad the weather was good. We all felt very content, at ease. You never fully come down from acid until you've had a sleep to reset your brain chemistry. At round 3 in the afternoon, 12 hours after coming up, I was as sober as I was going to get, and we all made our way home. I gave my friends a bit of homegrown to enjoy later. Adrenalin seems to bring on the acid a bit I found (and acid does adrenlaise you). When I got home had a meal, a deep hot bath and some ganja, which brought out the trip to a surprising degree, around 18 hours later. My friend also found this.

This was a powerful healing experience. Used responsibly and seldom, I feel LSD can be a powerful medicine. Since that rave my mood has remained stable, my outlook positive-before I could sometimes focus on the negative, as oppose to positive aspects of life. I would sometimes suffer from depression, but since the rave, not a hint. A truly brilliant experience.