Last night I decided to try 5-meo-dipt for the fourth time. At the time I was a little nervous of doing it again, because the last time I did 5-meo-dipt we decided to go out into city where all the bright light are, thinking it would contribute nicely to the trip. Well we were wrong, it lead to a complete senory overload, walking the streets of NYC on foxy while watching one's entire world contort and change colors lead to alot of anxiousness and so I vomited on the street, on the train ride home, in the car service (we got out of the train because everyone was staring at us) 4 times, and then on my friend's floor. The physical effects finally went away after a few bong hits of bud. 

About a month later I was at home by myself, just smoked some bud earlier, and decided to give 5-meo-dipt another shot, thinking I had already smoked so the physical effects should not manifest as much. I took 10mg sub-lingual, and within and hour I could  feel the trip pretty well. After about 3 hours I was at the peak, and sure enough the nausea was coming on, as all 5 of my senses where being distorted. It can be overwhelming when you dont have anything to ground yourself to the real world. So the only thing I could think of was to concentrate on my breathing, sure enough it worked. The nausea was rapidly going away and turned into this euphoric breathing I couldn't stop. As I was breathing I could feel the foxy pulsating throughout by body. I noticed something interesting in what turned out to be this meditation session, is that time perception was lost. I measured it in relationship to my breathing which stayed constant, but I would notice that in 1 second it would seem like 5 quick short breaths, and then over what seemed like 10 seconds I would take one breath so powerful it's hum would overpower everything. But looking at a stopwatch I noticed that my perception of time is changing with every breath I took, it would speed up, then slow down, and then speed up again. 

This made me think perhaps we have a sixth sense, our perception of time which we take for granted until it is tweaked with we gain respect for it. 
I would definitely do 5-meo-dipt again as it has alot unexplored potential left. Also my suggestion for anyone who plans on doing 5-meo-dipt is to clear your mind before you take it, if you are under stress 5-meo-dipt would probably make you go bald on it, it only helps you further percieve it will not relieve anixety or stress by itself like maybe X, only you once into the trip can you sort through your own mind from a different perspective. If the trip ever does start to go out of control, find something constant from the 'unaltered world.' I think focusing on your breathing is a good way to take control of an unstable trip.