My stomach was fairly empty since I ate breakfast so early.

At exactly 11.50am I began to eat dried Amanita 'chips' from a bright red cap at approximately 8mm in diameter with some filtered water.  (Sorry, but I don't have a scale so I cannot give a weight at all.  And I'm not even going to guess at something that light.)  All was consumed by 12.00pm and I began to feel the first effects of discomfort ten minutes later.  This nausea 'peaked' at about 12.20pm with me racing to the bathroom to puke.  There really wasn't anything in my gut but the mushrooms and water and what little did make it out was by me forcing it.  However, immediately after vomiting I felt no nausea at all.  I brushed my teeth (there's nothing like stomach acid to eat away at tooth enamel) and returned to my room.

I put a movie into the VCR and lay down on my bed and began to watch.  I was so relieved that the nausea had gone that I relaxed just a bit too much.  I fell asleep for about forty minutes but when I awoke I was very much under the control of the mushroom.  

To begin with my mind was untouched by the mushroom.  That is to say all my mental activity was at ground zero.  I could carry on a complex conversation if I had too, I was able to read, understand and perform calculations on the theories of radio frequency design.  I also went through some source code for a program I am working on with no problem of understanding.  All my problems centered around motor functions; if I made errors it was in my fingers twitching and punching the wrong key(s).  If anyone has had the experience of putting on one of those sumo wrestler costumes or if not imagine yourself wrapped very thickly with duck tape; that was the feeling of my body.  Very large and unnimble, I kept bumping into things, which to me became a severe annoyance.

At 3.00pm I made a frozen pizza and ate a few slices.  I had no problems with taste or with my stomach.  The nausea did not return nor did the effects lessen.  At about 4.30pm I returned to my room to finish watching the movie I had started before and should have sat in a seat but instead I decided to lay on my bed like before.  And like before I fell asleep, however, this time I did not wake up until 8.40pm.  When I awoke I was obviously on my way down from the trip but sadly I cannot relate when the trip acctually peaked since I was apparently asleep at the time.  Thinking that I was going to be up all night since I had just slept for four hours I was suprised that I was able to fall back to sleep with no trouble at all (I went back to bed at 10.00pm) and slept soundly all night and woke up a 6.30am very refreshed and sober.

I felt like a drunk without drinking.