Keep in mind, this was written while still coming down from the 'trip'.

So last night I'm taking a shower in my parents bathroom and I come across my moms Ambiens. 'Ohh', I'm thinking, 'I'll take these tonight and listen to Phish.'

Well I took 4 out of the bottle and decided to save them for BOCES tomorrow morning.

So I wake up. I excited. Gonna be a groovy day. So I to school and get on the BOCES bus. I take the pills with some coffee I had and then proceed to eatify a bagel with cream cheese.

15 minutes have passed, I'm listening to Les Claypool...this music is different. I can hear other things Ive never heard before. Quite diabolical sounds. Things began to get stranger...

Now I have severe double vision and everythings moving like a blur. When I look out the window Ionly see freeze frames of whats going on. Then the walls begin to wave and close in, the other people have taken on very demonic faces and they are making low grumbling noises. The lights dim. They all begin to look at me with their satanic eyes. They close in until they are just about to get and then **HEY** my busdriver yells at me to get off the bus, everyone else has. Mega Hallucination? Yes.

So now I must walk to the builing but I cant stand up straight and I'm feeling very dizzy. Well, I got to my class eventually (audio production). Instantly I feel the urge to throw up.My buddy John was like 'Dude youre greeeeen man! Go to the bathroom!. So I did and the second I got in there...*WARRFFF*...all over the walls. Fuck. So after cleaning that up while I'm tripping even harder than before I go back out put on my Primus Dvd to relax. I was joined by my friends rob, kevin, mike, and *ech* spiderhead. They all knew I was tripping. So anyway we're all watching and I began to space out and have a really intense mind trip. I was on this bus and these two preppy chicks in back of me we're saying shit like 'what a dirty hippie' 'he stinks' 'fucking loser'. So I lose it and end up tearing into them, after that I go to some random party where the girl I like is. I meet up with her and we end up hooking up and telling each other how we feel. So then she has to leave and as she walked away into the shadows I faded back in to my friends looking at me laughing. They claimed I had gotten a major bone and was repeating the girls name over and over again. hah.

So, after Boces I came home and now here I sit telling you my story. Im still very high, and I'm having minor visuals.

ok, im outta here.<!--To all you out there that wanna try ambien...start with a small dose and be in a calm controlled enviroment.-->