My experiences with weed have been quite enjoyable thus far and I have no regrets with the substance until now. I had just recently bought a 10$ nug from my friend who had got it from one of his friends and so on. He had said that it might be a little small for the given price, but it was really 'crip'. 

So a few days later I decided to smoke that bad boy in a home-made sobe bong. Little did I know it was laced with a mean amount of pcp. I had just gotten over my friends house with the intention to smoke it outside but I couldnt due to the extensive amount of rainfall where I lived, so I had to settle for the garage bathroom. I lit the bong and took a few hits and realized that this isnt ordinary weed. A few hits later I was seriously fucked up and I had no idea of who I was and what I was doing there. Everything looked like a moving picture coming in and out of focus. 

Then out of nowhere strange shit started happening. out of nowhere strange shit started happening. My best friend had started to get very pissed off at the other two that were with us and started cussing and fighting with them for no apparent reason. It was really strange because he was actually viewing me as his only friend at the time. So we went for a walk (just me and him). I began to think that I had been viewing my life as a fool and I had suddenly awoke as god. This is when he had started to talk shit about church and the good lord (me) which upset me a little but nonetheless he is my friend and I shall treat him like one no matter what. So we kept on walking down my street which at the time seemed like the border between heaven and hell. I had listened to all of his troubles for what seemed like an eternity, and I had just responded to all of them in a calm almost saint-like manner. It was as if we were the two kings of our worlds and as different as we were we still had managed to be the best of friends at all times. I may have been tripping, but he actually seemed like a different person at the time. Like some kind of entity was possessing him like some sort of puppet. But Of course the evil king has a curfew like all teens,  so we said our goodbyes (which I didnt really understand) but could  still make a little sense of, and both went home. 

After doing a shit load of chores I decided to sleep these psychotic thoughts off. 2 hours later I tripped even harder. I  was talking to my mom about food for some unknown reason and she wasnt responding. I soon found out that I wasnt talking at all. This went on for about 1 hour, then I decided to doze off again. I awoke at 8pm and ate dinner which didnt even seem real like the rest of the world. 

It has been 8 or 9 hours since I have smoked the laced crip and I still feel psychotic. Overall this has been a horrifying yet at the same time spiritual experience. The strangest thing about this whole trip is that even when I look back on it with an almost clear mind, there was enough real evidence to prove that I was god and my friend was the devil. I am not looking forward to my next accidental experience with pcp and I am never trusting my friend's friend again.

P.S. I am still fucked up so if there are any misspelled words or sentences that dont make sense, dont get mad cause its hard as hell (lol) to type nonetheless think right now.