I take a bunch of these pills in the car, and when I'm not feeling anything by the first stop, I take some more for a total of about 200 mg.  By the time we've left the stop, I'm starting to feel very strange, and am thinking maybe the second dose was overkill.

About fifteen minutes later, 'it' starts to happen.  When my eyes are open, I feel basically sober, except that my body feels slightly floaty and tense at the same time.  When I close my eyes, I immediatly spiral into a bizarre hypnogogic state where I know I'm concious and can see the outside world if I open my eyes, but it's hard to keep them open.  This isn't a plesent expirience, however.  When my eyes close, and it comes, there's this sense of loss of self and utter confusion.  There were patterns and colors behind my eyes, but they were neither interesting nor boring, they were just there.  I begin to have the sense, as I have often expirienced on Ambien, that I can 'build rooms and then put myself into them'.  That is, when my eyes are shut I start to 'see', in my mind's eye, rough shapes and colors that gradually converge to form entire rooms and scenes (entirely devoid of other life), and then at some point in the construction I realize that instead of a bird's eye view, I am now looking at these 'rooms' from a first person perspective.

When I open my eyes, reality returns, and there's people in the car who don't know I'm drugged that I have to deal with.  this schism between worlds, the open eyes and the eyes looking inward, causes me anxiety, about overdose, about never feeling 'normal' again.  Ultimatly I listened to three or four CDs in succession, forcing myself to pay attention to each lyric and chord, with my eyes well open.  After two hours of this or so, the discomfort fades, and the image are gone when my eyes close, so with great relief I let them fall closed and stay that way until I'm asleep.

I don't think there's anything 'fun' here, just 'wasted', 'messed up', etc, but not in a good way.