My dose every day:

Daily vitamin intake(morning):
Vitamin C 10-35 g
Vitamin A 10.000 IU
Vitamin D 400-800 IU
Vitamin E 400 IU
Vitamin B1 1-5 g
Vitamin B2 100 mg
Vitamin B3 100 mg
Vitamin B6 100 mg
Vitamin B12 200 mcg
Folic Acid 800 mcg
Biotin 100 mcg
Pantothenic Acid 100 mg
PABA 50 mg
Inositol 100 mg
Choline Bitartrate 100 mg

Daily supplement intake (morning):
calcium 500-2000 mg
magnesium 250-1000 mg
iron 10 mg
phosphorus 200 mg
iodine 150 mcg
zinc 10 mg
selenium 26 mcg
copper, manganese, chromium, sodium, potassium, boron

Daily intake (before sleep):
Melatonin 3-9 mg
Calcium 200 mg
Magnesium 100 mg
Valerian root 100 mg
Hops (Humulus lupulus) 75 mg
Scullcap (Scutellaria lateriflora) 75 mg
Chamomile (Matricaria recutita) 75 mg
Passion flower (Passiflora incarnata) 50 mg
Inositol 50 mg
L-taurine 50 mg
----------------------------

I am a 30 year old male. My substance history is: inhaled diethyl-ether at the age of 5 (hospital anaesthetic substance before operation), IV ketamine + inhaled halothan gas twice at the age of 7 & 8 (hospital anaesthetic substance before operation) inducing both times permanent hallucinations/psychosis (longer than 2 months). Atropin drops 5 times in the eye at the age of 9 (medical examinaton) inducing permanent hallucinations/psychosis (longer lasting than 1 year). Childhood flu @ dimenhidrynate several times inducing inner turmoil & nightmare. Tobacco at age 14 (big pipe of powdered tobacco leafs smoked) leading to blackout. Approx. 4400 beers between age 18-26. Approx. 2000 pack of cigarettes (Pall-mall, Marlborough, Camel) between age 20-29. Some weed 20-25 g, between age 22-25 & 27-29. Half bottle of whiskey 5-6 times in my life (3 times blackout).

-----------------------------------------------------

Last year (2006) I did a colon cleanse session, 3 months with natural herbs, fiber powder and 2 litres of water per day. My digestive tracts become clean and effective. My health strenghtened. My mood permanently lifted. Lot's of weekly sauna sessions @ extreme sweating, mountain biking, skiing, snowboarding. My mood lifted even more! That was the most important 'last year' in my life!

This spring (2007) I found vitamine supplements near my town. I bought A LOT of vitamins, minerals and smarts. That's how the story begun.

With the helping aid of vitamins/minerals (and the colon cleansing before) I am in my best shape ever. My body feels good, my skin nice and shiny. My hair and my nails now are perfect. Muscle pains after heavy sporting sessions are gone. My sleep pattern is better than before. Every night I've deep dreams without loosing the focus. My short and long term memory becomes nearly unlimited. Associative ciruits build up witch show me the deep meaning of ..... everything!

My life becomes the PEAK of an outstandingly good psychedelic trip! Every second is a peak, every minute is a plateu of something called MY LIFE! It's vitamine B1 @ my nervous system!

My digestive system become hyperfast. My stool is soft and have little odour. 3-5 giant stool per day! My stomach is slim and perfect. Because of high dose vitamin C.

I am in a neverending 'buddha like' meditative state. Calm, happy, fullfilled with love and peace. My laughter is deep and resonant. My speech become low (more than 1 octave lower than before). My nervous system is as stable as never before. I don't care about future and past. There is only ONE thing for me: the present.

My vision is perfect at night(vitamin A). My daylight vision is enhanced in many ways.

If I take more than 2 g of vitamin B1 everything is glowing in halo. Little halos around everything. If I concentrate my focus I could see extremely sharp details on the surface of objects. Staring at something more than 4-5 seconds cause the surface of the object/subject transforming into a cartoon like animated visual phenomena (vitamin B1). These visuals help me to understand deeply the object/subject, myself and life itself. I like watching the bark of the trees and the age-lines of the wooden tables the most. I don't like watching peoples and animals, just trees (and clouds). Way much more than a giant THC high, way more...

My eyes become clear-white, sometimes they are emanating fluorescent light. I feel as they shine. I feel warm-peaceful energy bursting out from my inner void through my eyeballs. Strong mental flux from the inner self.

Vitamins and especially vitamin B1 with vitamin C +calcium and magnesium make my senses grow in strength, but withouth racing thoughts. Empathy for everything, oneness with the very minute. I I feel Nature as never before, when I walk alone in the woodland the surrounding noises like a nice and ancient music (natural psytrance). :-D The plants and animals are in unspeakable harmony with everything, harmony with the universe herself. I'm part of that harmony, I'm just a living/loving force nothing else. Unspeakable, must feel it to believe it!

Time is a slow river, time is slow, soooo slowwwwww and peace around me, inside me, everyday is a deep neverending joy. After lunch I always lay down and let the sun shine on my back. No thoughts, just pure hapiness and warm feelings inside me. Pure luv, pure luv...

BUT

I feel the full moon as a strange alien resonace. My inner eyes know about the summer solstice and the winter solstice. The emanating ancient energy of the stars, suns, planets, black holes make muscle-tension in my body + unbearable emotional turmoils. I feel nature herself, the universum resonating inside me. But I don't care, just drop another 250 mg B1 with vitamine C and calcium + mangesium. After ingestion the situation becomes allrighty.

My deepest fear is the fear of suffering. Death is nothing compared to suffering. Your mind on vitamins/supplements catch your fears, now you can examine your deepest fears. The leftower is your life and your death (without fear). That's OK in my opinion. That's why some people use LSD! Vitamins are also good for this purpose, but they are long lasting substances! Waaaay more long lasting. Also long time to kick in. You have to boost every day the supplements and 2 weeks later you will feel the full blowing effects. First effect at T+21 day! Except vitamin B1, it kick in about 1 hour later.

Bugs, birds, dogs, trees, peoples always telling me untold thruts about what IS (withoud words). Sometimes I become 'crazy' which is unbearable tension in my very being. My soul suffer from the overload of the forces. It's not bad at all. Weird at all, but not unbearable. The vitamins/minerals help to keep my inner strenght (B1, C, calcium) it's a thoughtful fun, sober drunk with joy. Everything is on the blum in a good sense.

Vitamins are food. Nothing else just food. Perfect food is the perfect DRUG, good eating/sleeping IS life! Never forget to drink enough water, that's important! Breathe air, drink water, eat food, sleep well, wonder like a child, smile deep, laugh from ear to ear that's the proper lifestyle! 

Be well, sleep deep & die wise!

I practice what I preach!

Respect death itself, it will catch us in an unbearable way. Be the lifeforce with you!

Don't forget to take calcium + magnesium with vitamine B1. Vit. B1 suck out the calcium from your bones, make you dorsal-pain and neck-tension.

Advantages of high dose daily vitamine supplements:
They cause deep and long psychedelic trip. Onset 10-20 day. If you like the peak you can eat more. But the most important thing with vitamines is: the trip is your life itself! You have to make decisions, the choice is yours! :-D Vitamines keep your body clean and healthy. You have to be wise. Vitamines are a chance for better living through chemistry (good food supplements). There is no other trip compared to your whole life!

I'm not a member of any religious or other groups. I'm a person who found vitamins/supplements. Now I use with these substances, that's all folks...