Background Information:  I'm a 30 year old hetero male in totally healthy physical and mental condition with moderate experience in psychedelics, totally comfortable with altered states of consciousness and in different settings, on no other medications (besides multivitamins), and having taken about 6 mdma doses on individual occasions over the last 3 months with nothing but good effects.  I was with some friends in Las Vegas for New Years, and had a very unusual experience:

I had what I think was a very hard come down after a series of doses within a 26 hour period which I would like to relate for the education of other e users.  I was on my second night in a row of rolling during new year's eve, 2000-2001.  The previous night I had taken two capsules of e about 4 hours apart at a smallish techno club, and had the typical, outstanding time.  After an uneventful comedown and sleep, we went out again the next night, and took the third dose (same stuff) of the 'holiday' about 24 hours after the first.  I came up as usual, and enjoyed about 3 hours of extreme fun at another, larger club.  At this point, I took another capsule, but about 30 minutes later, I felt totally straight - almost as if I had taken some sort of antidote.  Stupidly, trying to come up again, I took another (they weren't too strong, so I didn't see any harm in it), and almost instantly felt every single positive effect of ecstasy swing to the extreme opposite.  I felt like I literally could not smile or dance, and I didn't even want to talk to anyone but my girlfriend.  The music was sort of annoying, I didn't much want to be touched, and I didn't feel welcome in the crowd.  I felt intensely sad and empty, like the insides had been sucked out of me, and gravity had increased about five-fold.  The strangest thing is that I was COMPLETELY AWARE of these profound changes, but was powerless to do anything about it.  I truly wanted to be at the club, I wanted to dance, and I wanted to stay up all night, but I literally could not get back into the groove, no matter what I tried.  I was not frightened or anxious by the feeling, only bummed that it was keeping me from enjoying myself.  I was only unpleasant in the sense that I could not have fun and could not change how I was feeling.  My girl tried to redirect me without success.  She was doing extremely well after the exact same dosing regimen as me. Ultimately, we went back to the hotel, made love (as excellent as ever, with none of the tension I had felt at the club) and went to sleep. I woke up slightly bummed and mellow as usual, and felt completely normal after about 3 hours.  I am confused as to whether this was a situational problem (although I am completely comfortable in clubs and other crowds), a tolerance problem (since I took 5 doses within about 26 hours), or whether I actually just crashed really hard right in the middle of a very good roll because I had saturated my synapses or enzyme systems or perhaps totally depleted the neurotransmitters with the previous doses.  I am sufficiently convinced of the possibility of the last scenario that I do not plan to do e more than once a week ever, and definitely not two days in a row.  Posting of explanations or similar experiences would be really appreciated. Roll on!