Now I've done far more shrooms than this, my most is 7 grams, and I've had trips that were more intense than this one, but never have I expreienced the same kind of hellishly intense introspective nightmare of this trip, its not that the trip was bad, it was just difficult to handle with many different phases.

Anyhoo, one day I bought 4 grams of powerful dried shrooms from my friend, oh lets just call him frank, and since I had nothing to do the friday of that weak I decided I would do the shrooms that day. So when everyone was asleep I made myself a peanut butter and shrooms sandwich with the whole bag and downed the things as fast as I could. 

After this I went back to my bed and waited. After about 15 minutes I started to feel as though every muscle in my body was pulsing with energy and as though I was melting into myself. I decided to go and watch some tv, but all I got was static. Funny thing is this didnt matter, I just stared at the static and watched it take on new forms, I did this for about 15 minutes before I remembered what I was doing and decided to listen to some music. So I put on the darkside of the moon and around the time that time started playing around 1 in the morning is when I started tripping like crazy. 

I felt like reality was ripping itself apart, folding into itself and becoming more and more unreal and I was in the middle. I started going completely out of my mind and muttering random gibberish to myself as my mind ran circles around itself. I turned of the music and tried to calm myself down but I couldn't. I could feel myself growing and shrinking and the features on my face pulsing while my room started to transform, I saw each of the walls change change color and the angles on them that made them rectangles become distorted and make my room seem like some weird impossible shape while the room itself tisted and turned. It was about this time that I became sick as hell. I tried to stumble to my bathroom but I couldnt judge where is was putting my feet. When I finally crawled to the bathroom I started having a terrible trip.

I became massively depressed with myself and started thinking that I was a terrible person. I thought about all the things that I'd done to people around me (which isn't actually that many, I'm actually pretty well liked and nice to people in reality, but any small thing I had done seemed like a massive terrible thing,) then the objects in my bathroom seemed like they were all mocking me and making fun of me. I remembered how in the fourth grade I was made fun of and how I was hurt then. I started crying and thinking I was going to die. I actually belived I was going to die right there, I wanted more than anything in the world for the trip to end so I tried to puke but I couldn't. It was like the shrooms in me were also conspiring against me, that the whole world was against me. 

But then I started thinking strong thoughts about how I'd gotten past problems in my life and how I was stronger than the trip. I lifted myself of my bathroom floor and I felt happier than I can remember being in a long time, like I'd just gotten past a near death experience. I saw my toothbrush and I was happier than anything to see it, just because it ws something real in the nightmare world I had just gotten out of. I thought of how we take little inanimate objects for granted and I was happy to see everyhting in the bathroom this time. The room seemed alive with energy and life (this may be because I could now see my sink and my bathtub breathing) and this time I went back to bed incredibly happy. 

I tripped for a few more hours and then I turned on my light and looked at the room around me and it was suddenly strange and unfamiliar. I started feeling scared in my own room. I looked my hands and my feet and saw them change, I could feel myself morphing into some strange half man half animal. I looked at my lamp and it was also breathing along with the whole room. I thought that the room was part of me, that the world was my creation and I started feeling very excited and tripping harder than I had ever as I felt my face transform and my whole body changing with the world, but then I had to piss like a racehorse and I couldn't think what to do I had to go so bad. Lucky for me there was a old cup in my room that I thought I could use. I really underestimated my bladder and filled up the whole cup and then some. For a bit I panicked about what to do with a cup full of pee and then figured I'd just dump in my toilet. 

This time when I got back from the bathroom I turned off the light and lied down. I'd now been tripping for almost 6 hours and it was 6 am. I was tired. I lied down and thought for a while and then I suddenly had a sense that the whole world was finally completely in tune. I felt a sense of unity with the whole world and lost my sense of separation from everything, the people of the world, the trees of the world etc, like everything was connected. I melted into my bed and was conected to the bed which was connected to the floor of the house of the street of the city etc. soon I started to feel like my body no longer existed it was only my mind. It was the only thing in the universe. I felt like there were a bunch of gears in my body that were shifting around constantly. Along with an incredibly intense body trip and I just couldn't move anymore. I believed the unity I felt was because were all part of a figurative machine that we live our lives in or maybe were all just the dream of some beetle in a lab in some other world (weird!), I spent the rest of the trip like this for the next 2 hours until I came down and felt pleasantly stoned and slept most of the next day.

Overall quite a shroom trip.