A friend sold me about $10 worth of Psilocybe Cyanescens. Since it was my first time he warned me not to do it at school, but I was too eager to trip. I chewed the caps thoroughly and washed them down with Mountain Dew. 

About 20 minutes later I started to feel a little bit of a body high, everything started to look a little different, and everything seemed a little but funnier. My friends kept fucking with me, but it was still fun. I closed my eyes and saw flowing pulsating patterns of blue and red lights. I walked around a little with my friends as the trip started to come on, and eventually I wandered off by myself to smoke cigarettes in the woods. My REAL trip began there. 

Everything looked so amazing. The sound of the rain drove my thoughts as I stood in awe of everything. One thought echoed in my mind, 'everything is expanding in and of itself'. I'm not really sure what that means or how it applied to my trip, because everything just looked so in place and perfect. Intensly harmonious.

I thought about the absurdity of everything and realized many things about humanity. I realized that 'the system' is our culture. We're all just fucking with each other, we can't get along and trust each other, we can't let each other know that we are really all the same and all feel the same way because we're afraid, and so we've created this horrible, inhuman, cold 'system'. It's our culture. I thought alot about this, and thought about what it would be like to live in some African village. I wandered around for awhile, and stumbled across a HUGE patch of some unidentified mushrooms. I picked one and put it in a bag of pot. 

I wandered back to school, and to make a long story short ended up in the principals office with my bag of pot and shrooms on the table. My mom was coming to pick me up. The principal left the room, and I grabbed my shit and ran. I came into contact with my mom soon after getting away from the school, and she drove me home. They suspended me for 10 days, but atleast they didn't get to turn my shit over to the cops.