[Erowid Note: While it may be that the substance described below is MDA, Ecstasy tablets are notoriously impure or misrepresented, often containing chemicals other than those they are presumed to contain. This report is marked as an MDA report, but readers should be aware that this is more of a general Ecstasy report.]  

It was a rather mediocre night up until I got the bright idea to top it off with some rolling.  I thought at first the blue omega tablets I had were going to be straight MDMA rolls that would last for roughly five to six hours given the fact that I had never heard a bad report about an omega.  

I dropped two at around 10:30pm that night.  Little did I know these were MDA rolls that were going to last a loooot longer than once preconceived.  I had a couple people over, one male, one female.  All of us had dropped, but only myself and the female had double-dropped.  After the onset which took about 45 minutes to fully come up, we were floating away.  

Everything that was troubling us just drifted away entirely.  I remember the light shows the other male was doing being indescribable.  The trails of light from the glowstick would just hover in the air for what seemed like forever.  I began breathing hard (as per usual whenever I drop MDMA or MDA).  Massages felt fantastic.  None of us spoke too much, and whenever we did it was purely mumbled recognition of out messed up state.  With the perpetual thump of trance music in the background, we were mentally gone, which is exactly where we wanted to be. 

I started to notice it was MDA when I began to think candy canes were growing out of people's heads.  Along with thinking things were there that really weren't.  I began to see a book case leaning against the wall that I knew just did not exist.  I also remember seeing a baby sitting on a lamp that was on the ceiling.  

After the visuals came in, I went outside with the male person to have a nice menthol cigarette.  We brought the Vics inhaler in tow of course.  By that point I had lost complete depth perception.  I was handing the lighter a good foot away from where his actual hand was.  And I forgot to mention that just prior to stepping outside to have this cigarette I stopped in the middle of my family room and (mentally) I was frantically looking for... something I can't remember.  The person I went to have the cigarette with noticed me after about five minutes and awoke me from my drug-induced stupor with a 'what the fuck are you doing?!'  I apparently was just standing there with my hands in my hoodie pocket and dumbfoundedly responded 'I'm looking for something'.... naturally.

The rolls began to wind down.... but they wouldn't dissapate entirely until 20+ hours later.  I went into work the next day still drifting without much care for anything at all.  Every now and then if I focused hard enough I could initiate another slight rush of serotonin which made me breathe a little harder once again.

All in all, a perfect experience with the added plus of a long-lasting affect.