2C-B has become very popular in the local scene and is promoted by most as a very enlightening, positive experience so I decided to try it to see how it compared to the many trips I've experienced over the years.

I had been out listening to some bands and was in a great mood and decided to try it out at home in a safe, controlled environment.  I took it while listening to some music and fell asleep.  When I awoke, I was tripping lightly - a little digestive discomfort and some light 'tracer' visuals - very normal.  The music took on the deeper dimension that it usually does when tripping or just actively concentrating fully on it.  The visuals were very distinct but not distracting and it was easy to push them into the 'background' when desired.  My sense of self was fully intact and remained so for the duration of the experience.

After about an hour, the beginning of the most distressful physical high I have ever experienced began to manifest itself.  I have always experienced the quite common feeling of coldness/shivering during the onset of hallucinogens, but for this experience it was followed by a very intense body sweat/speed manifestation that equaled an extreme methamphetamine experience years ago.  The speed freak edge never left - I ended up pacing for most of the trip - and my body temperature kept swinging drastically from cold to hot. This would have been bad enough, but then the coughing started.  Deep in the chest coughing that produced massive amounts of mucus.  So much mucus that I put my hand in the stream once and looked at it more closely.  It was clear, flowing mucus, not the yellow thick variety associated with a cold.  After many bouts of ejecting this mucus, the coughs continued but it seemed I had no mucus left.

These physical effects totally dominated the mental aspects, but I was able to appreciate the visual aspects of the drug - they had a 'soft' quality, not the insistent edge of other hallucinogens.  They also seemed directed to the extent that I was free to focus on them or ignore them totally, but I think the physical situation produced some of this filtering capability.

As things wound down, I experienced a very contemplative time about my life that was starkly devoid of any self deceptions or excuses - not mean spirited or self punishing - just a candid review of the current state of affairs that usually only comes about by a determined effort at soul searching.

The aftermath was what should be expected - I was physically beat up and exhausted.  One curious item was that my lungs, chest muscles, and throat didn't hurt much.  I guess that is due to so much mucus being produced that I wasn't coughing it up as much as just expelling it as fast as possible.  As I noted, I could see some positive aspects but they were buried underneath the absolute worst physical experience of my life.

If I had to 'sum up' what the experience felt like it would be:
A powerful meth high on light LSD with a chest cold.