[Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!] 

12:00n:  I chew up a 20mg oxycontin for a 100mile drive to visit friends and family in my hometown.  Being used to and slightly tolerant of the drug, nothing unusual occured, just the warm cozy feeling it offers, almost a sensation like receiving a backrub.  I stop to eat a big lunch and after a few social calls I arrive at my cousin's house where I planned to lodge. 

4:00pm:  I gave my cousin a couple 20mg OC's to do as he would and proceeded to clean the coating off one and ground it to a powder for insufflation.  My previous dose had tapered off but was at approximately 2/3 intensity.  The insufflation boosted me to a level a little above the oral dose (as it was complementing it) and a friend called to offer to tell me his wife would soon have dinner ready and he had a joint, so I happily headed over there.

5:00pm:  I arrived at my friend's and told him I had a few oxycontin, and gave him one, which he ate and we smoked a nice sized joint, my first one in 3 or 4 weeks.  Then we painted the nursery for his pending baby, to be born in a month or so, and had a fine chicken & dumplings meal with his family.  

7:30pm:  After dinner we touched up on the painting job, and it should be noted that as he has no opiate tolerance, or maybe just a coincedental reaction, he was feeling very sick, nauseus and hot, undoubtebly from the oxycodone.  Naturally I felt horrible for this, but as it wasn't a very high dose, advised him to get some air, and allow himself to vomit if needed.  So he got ready for bed and I headed back to my cousin's.  When I got there, my cousin told me he had some Duragesic patched but was unsure of their worth/usefulness.  I was very shocked as I've never had any fentanyl though I was aware of what it is and does. 

8:00pm:  With a little research, we decided that smoking it would be the best route of administration, as injection seemed very, very dangerous, and that by smoking it we could share a patch easily and be able to divide it into very small doses.  So we took one of the 5mg (50mcg/h) patched and squeezed a dab of the gel onto a small piece of foil, and smoked it in normal dragon-chasing fashion.  Immediately we noticed a somewhat intense buzz, though we toyed with the idea of it being placebo from the hype I raised when I was told we had fentanyl.  So anyway, we smoked a couple more hits each and 10-15minutes later we decided we were definitely high, and were very comfortable so we stopped for a while.

8:45pm:  Having measured our buzzes for almost an hour, we decided it would be safe to take a few more hits and this time soaked a cigarette in the gel.  At this time about 1/3 to 1/2 of the gel was spent from the patch, and we were not disappointed nor overwhelmed by the effects.  At this time another friend called and invited us both to eat at Waffle House.  It is of note that during the 45 minutes from the first smoked hits to the laced cigarette, me and my cousin had been eating like crazy, hot dogs, cheetos, frozen pizza, and coffee.  I would've attributed it to the pot but my cousin had not smoked any.  So anyway we went to meet my friend at Waffle House, and I had some pie and coffee.  We returned to the house a while later.

11:00pm:  At this time I measured a few drops of fentanyl-gel onto a couple tylenol pills, to experiment with on the next day, and cut the patch open to lick some gel out.  I took a couple licks of it and both of us had a smoked hit, a little bigger than before.  My cousin reported feeling very high but also unable to sleep, not really uncomfortable, more or less unfortunate as he had to work the next day.  I could not sleep either but did not attempt to and instead spent a few hours playing a video game and browsing the web.

1:00am:  I took a couple more licks of the patch (no more smoking) and for the rest of the night I had the most comfortable, carefree buzz of my life rivaling IV'd heroin or hydromorphone,  A slight itch creeped over my body but not nearly as intense as say dilaudid, and the sense of wellbeing heightened for the rest of the night well into the morning.  

4:00am:  I sucked the patch for 10-15 seconds, getting a very nice taste of the somewhat bitter drug all over my tongue, and that taste is persisting even now, an hour later.  The euphoric trance that I am writing this in is certainly the highest level of intoxication I've been at all through the experience, and I am absently listening to the Shawshank Redemption being played.  I plan to fall asleep in a few hours tops, although that may not happen.  Fentanyl was never a drug I expected to try but always wanted to sample.  The experience was very fulfilling and I definitely look forward to repeating it, as I have a few patches my cousin gave me and the tylenol that I dripped the remaining ~1mg from tonight's shared patch onto.

5:06am:  I am completing this article, and plan to smoke one last cigarette and play a video game if sleep proves difficult.  I am in complete recognition of my sleep deprivation by the bags under my eyes and clammy feeling on my skin, but the itching and euphoria are every bit as strong as they've been all night.  The experience could not have been more satisfying, although I dare say it could *easily* have gotten out of hand had I for example tried to chew up the whole patch or do any large quantities at one time.  1mg would probably be a safe dose, probably accompanied with nods, more intense itching, and possibly nausea, and I will probably try to shoot for that next time.  I have about that much on the tylenol caps, so I will take them one at a time over the period of an hour to further my experimenting with this fascinating new drug.