I have in depth previous experience with LSD, Shrooms, Cannabis, Opium and various other drugs.    

So I'm sitting with about 5 or 6 of my friends in a garage (where I remain for the entire duration of the experience) smoking bowl after bowl of some decent weed, then just plain ole dried salvia leaves, in a constant cycle that continued throughout the experience, which lasted about 6 and a half hours in all. I started to kind of become a psychopath. Not in a violent way or anything, but in a sort of delusional state of 'well, I seem to be the god of thunder; I am thor, bow to me only.' Quite a crazy thing to think, but this was only the prologue. I was closing my eyes for most of the first part envisioning crazy things like 'a frosty skybolt, but only its in limbo instead' and 'a naked woman's dancing back and ass forming a house and other floaters like her levitating nearby'. I can still picture them exactly to this day.
    
After about an hour of experimenting with strange CEV's the salvia begins to truely take effect. I'm sitting there gazing off into the floor stains (still in the garage) when the floor all at once becomes one collaboration of all the colors found upon the stone ground. The orange rust stains, the various yellowish-grey splotches, the black film, and finally the grey stone itself, they all congregated into one uniform color. It was quite amazing, as if I was starting to become a computer generated character, then I took another hit of the salvia leaf....
    
I awaken from some kind of dream state only to realize that the following events had transpired:
          
I was having some sort of dialogue I guess, with a being from 'somewhere else' when outloud I said 'show me more' or something comparably retarded to that and he proceeded to sic his nine cats from Oblivion on me, only he was doing it in a joking manner, as if in that world it was the same as him lightly punching my arm and then us both kind of half-laughing about it. This being and I seemed to be 'old buddies' and it felt like I'd known him forever. After that somewhere back off in the corner of my mind I was screaming to my friend E about what was happening, then the screaming turned into some sort of release, a sewage tunnel opening up if you will, and in my mind I sat there screaming this very strange sort of watery scream for what seemed like eons. It is very hard to explain this, very hard, but it felt like the screaming was coming from somewhere that I'd never opened up before in my head, like I found a big new room full of amazing things in a house I'd been living at for a thousand years.
    
After all of that, I opened my eyes only to find a layer of liquidish color over my field of vision. I peered around for awhile, liking the new mainly purple, green and yellow filter I was looking through, when I noticed, in the color spectrum, a circular shaped hole that began forming at the center of my vision. It was like a parting of the seas or something, allowing me safe passage to the true informational super highway. Whenever I saw something through the hole, I would see its true self, the very nature of the object, even if it was simply a fork, or a little cookie monster toy where he is riding in a blue train cart with cookies for wheels. I don't know how to explain it now, but it was quite remarkable being able to see everything at a baser nature. After awhile the circle of truth grew to where I was seeing the truth in everything at all times and I began talking backwards somehow because if I talked normally I would get confused because I would think I was saying what was actually ahead of what I was currently saying. I dunno, it was very strange.  So I sat there seeing the 'true reality' for awhile when the wall of color suddenly returned, but only for an instant, then I gradually started to come back down.
    
I decided after I'd come down a bit, that the colorish liquid I saw was some kind of soul juice that was basically a door to a higher consciousness that you have to waid through in order to emerge in, like an underwater tunnel cut out into the rocky sea wall that you swim through to find a beautiful underground paradise with a waterfall and all.
    
During the times when my eyes were open I was also naturally associating the music that was on (a band by the name of Coil) to what I was seeing, and it was always perfectly fitting. It was like the music had complete control over the mood and nature of the environment. When something sinister would come on, everything had a kind of mishievous, playful attitude about it. This sort of thing normally happens, but not to such a ridiculous degree, to where the music was basically god at certain times, choosing how everything is.
    
When I finally came down (I believe it was around 4:30 AM) I basically just went inside and wandered around my friend's dimly lit house with the only remaining awake person looking for blankets and pillows to sleep on. I fell asleep almost instantly despite the piercing headache I was being affected by and the fact that I was sleeping on an insect infested, rotted green-carpeted floor. 

I woke up in the morning, still with a headache, but not as bad and was pretty spaced out for the rest of the day. I'm still going over the things that I witnessed that fateful night, I mean, never have I witnessed such strange, bizarre and completely out of this world things. Obviously I cannot explain fully or even halfly what I experience that night, but I am sure glad that Salvia was there to bestow such alien things upon my soul.