I have had little experience with psycedelics. I took LSD with 3 E's about 10 years ago and didn't know where I was for about 10 hours. Chatting to a room of people that weren't there all night etc. I didn't feel right for about 2 weeks after this and vowed I wouldn't do again.

A couple of weeks ago, I tried magic truffles for the first time. I took 50 grams. The term philosiphers stone is accurate. This was a a very philisophical trip and yes while there were some visual effects, there was more contemplating than giggling. There is a bit of nervousness when coming up, wringing of hands etc but after about an hour, I came up into what I could only describe as a jungle fever, Uphoria verging on confusion. After a bottle of wine, I came up even more. Suddenly I felt a real perspective on life. Things that I thought were important were quickly forgotten, but the shrooms showed me what areas of my life really needed sorting out.

The only negative side effects I experienced were that I looked like a complete drug addict by this point - pale heavily sweating skin, bloodshot eyes etc, and pains in my legs that felt like I was suffering from DVT. I have since read of people with mushrooms playing havok with varicose veins.

I took 25g at a party the next day, felt extremely calm, didn't think much was happening until I left the house and walked home, feeling like I was walking in a different dimension, almost as an angel.

I finished the rest of the mushrooms on a third night in a row. I think this was a bad idea, because I felt pissed off and just wanted to go to sleep and just became irritable. I probably won't do 3 consecutive nights again. In the end I had to take a heap of sleeping tablets before I could drop off. I wasn't expecting the English Thai mushrooms to be as effective so I took 35g at work at 3pm. By the time I went home at 4.30pm, I was already up, travelled home on the London Underground. Everyone looked so funny, like charicatures of their own faces. I was giggling all the way home.

I got home and started meditating. For about 90 minutes, I had some of the best conversations with God I've ever had. I felt really in touch with my Maker and He showed me that he was very different to the God I have spent most of my life praying to. I always thought that God was like my dad, but with more power, whereas the mushrooms revealed God as being the pure essence of goodness. Suddenly I felt an overwhelming repentance for something I did over 5 years ago. I was weeping true tears and felt comforted by God as though he was there and had forgiven me.

When I finished praying, I scoffed another 35g of these shrooms. By now, I was feeling pretty fucked, but after another hour I was getting some of the most incredible visual effects. The UK comedy show 'The Royle Family' was being projected onto a 8 foot screen in my bedroom. I could look at my computer and rolled a joint in front of me and there were no visuals at all but everytime I looked up, the television programme was going absolutely mental.

I am a photographer and use Photoshop for hours each day. I found that my mind could perform most of the 'filters' in Photoshop, the most spectacular being 'Posterize'. I could get my mind to choose a pallete of about 12 colours and allocate these to what I was watching. There was also halos all around the room. I still got all of the jokes and found myself giggling. I felt as though I was in a magical world. 15 minutes into this colours were nothing like I've ever seen before and sound started becoming distorted. I meditated on the fact that the prog was filmed in a studio and none of it was real, and felt as though I was sitting on a couch with them.

As I dropped off, the quiet, boring man who sometimes turns up at the house in the prog, started singing a traditional Irish hymn while The Royle family listen. This was the point where time started to stand still. The song never seemed to end, but eventually there is an amusing joke when the Royle Family are ready to applaud but their faces all turn down when he starts up a second verse. I fell asleep for what felt like about 5 minutes, but was probably only 20 seconds. At this point, I started to panic. I couldn't really remember what I was watching but was confused to see a man singing an old Irish hymn and couldn't work out why I would be watching that on TV. So I started literally wondering if I had died and gone to heaven. However, the man never seemed to stop singing, even after what seemed to be 5 minutes.

I stood up and started to really feel as though something was wrong. Everything started to echo and I felt as though time had stopped. It was as though the same sample was being played over and over again. My first thought was that I was in a Matrix situation. I thought, oh shit, I have been in a computer program my whole life and the system has just crashed. I felt as though I had been left in the same 15 seconds for the rest of my life. Confused, I recognised that I could still work out where everything was in the room. I felt that the best thing to do was lie on my bed, do nothing and hope that it would stop. At this point, the whole thing felt so natural I didn't consciously link it to the mushrooms at all. I seriously thought the world had ended. It's like the Stephen King novel where everyone can still move around and operate for the rest of their life, but for everyone else, time has stopped.

I switched off the projector and lights and tried to work out what was happening to me. I went through every religious possibility. Was I in heaven / hell / the waiting room? Had I been reincarnated? I could understand the TV sound but felt as though I was listening from an insects point of view. I wondered if I had been captured by aliens because my mind was watching fractals amongst reflecting shapes. I assumed I'd died of an overdose, but felt mostly calm because of the spiritual experience I had earlier I wondered if I had passed some sort of test and had travelled onto the next world. In the end however, I prayed that things would go back to the way things were. Eventually, I realised it was the shrooms, and went to sleep.

The next morning I felt fine, glad to be alive after what I now describe to friends as a near-death experience. Til the next time!