Well, I dont really know where to begin.  From what I understand, some people who belong to the drug subculture outright denounce the existence of HPPD.  Let me tell you HPPD is very very real. When I was a kid going to high school, I always heard rumors of kids losing their minds on drugs but there was never a specific name associated with what they had or what went wrong.

Among Medical practitioners HPPD is not at all well known despite the fact that it is a legitimte condition located in the DSM4, sp what we have are people both kids and adults that do get HPPD but also get misdiagnosed with conditions that resemble Manic depression or bi-polar disorder.  In the end the existence or the number of people suffering with HPPD goes unchecked.

My own experience with HPPD is as follows;

I didnt touch alcohol until I was 16 yrs old.  I was raised that way I guess but after my parents divorce at 19 and getting dumped by my girlfriend of 2yrs I started using drugs and drinking. I wasn't so much of alcohol as I was Pot.  I loved pot.  I used to make rounds around at the college I attended, visiting friends who I knew had some on them and getting high 3x a day...every day. In time I started to go clubbing where I discovered coke.  For about 2 yrs I did about a couple of grams every weekend.  Sometime during that period I did about 15 hits of X as well.  At this point I was in the years 21-23.  

At 23-24 I was introduced to mushrooms and mescaline. Bear in mind other than the 2 years I did coke and my constant yet loving relationship with pot, I only did the more harder drugs a handful of times but it was apprently enought to land me into the realm of HPPD.

At 27 my life changed forever when after my 4th trip on shrooms I had the worst trip ever.  It was my only bad trip but despite the fact that the trip and its intensity are over it's as though the overall negative residual feelings of the trip are still with me, along with visuals that scare the crap out of me...all the time.... I could keep on writing by my fingers are killing me....

I was never to say NO to drugs even though I have HPPD.  I miss smoking weed.  I miss it a lot but even a joint will trigger and intensify my HPPD exponentially.  However, I do feel as though there needs to be more awareness about psychadelic drugs and the possible dangers that come with them. True not everyone gets HPPD but not everyone survives HPPD either.  We do not know our numbers.  In all probability the most severe cases are probably locked up in a psych ward, living in the basement of their parents house, homeless or dead by their own hand.

Awareness is my beef with this condition.  The only thing that makes me feel worse than HPPD are the people that could one day have to deal with what I and other who have this crap deal with.  But even worse than that would be a person who gets HPPD that  knew about it prior.

Good Luck and make good decisions in your life. Help spread the word for those of us who have tripped and have not come back.

peace