This is my first experience with Salvia so I put in quite a lot of research before I fired the bowl. This is recommended.

I informed my girlfriend of my plans to experiment while she slept. We are both rather experienced trippers, so I didn't feel the need to use her as a direct sitter, but she was just a room away and ready should she be awoke.

In my water pipe, I smoked a small bowl (half) of 5x Salvia to get a feel for the smoke. Then about 10 minutes later, I smoked another small bowl to try and find a slight feeling of the plant's effect. The smoke is pleasant. The feeling after two small bowls was slightly sleepy but not reflective of the true nature of the later trip.  

After an half hour, I darkened my office and relaxed back into a big, reclining leather chair and smoked a large bowl. The dry material ignites easily and burns fast.
I concentrated on putting the water pipe down before exhaling and accomplished that. Then I exhaled, blacked out, and here is what I wrote an hour after:

'Salvia is like falling through myself and ending up on the other side of everything, naked, strapped to the nose of a rocket, confused and half-heart-filled.  And then I was someone else's body, in pain and slowly peeling myself off of that dimension felt like my flesh was ripped off. Excruciating. Yellow. The whole while, I remembered something, someone. Her, asleep. SHE is there. Where am I? Who am I/are we? Who is she? She is. She is asleep. Okay. She is. I am okay. I need her. Positive & negative & in the middle where the thing is played out--life is but one of these swirrling concessions. Love is another.'

The first rush is similar to 5-Me0-DMT, where God's screaming everything at once and I can't remember any questions to ask. Or as another person put it, 'Like an elephant sitting on your head.' But 5-Me0-DMT doesn't seem to take you to the same place that Salvia does, which is a full, complete and new appreciation of being within the consiousness of some other thing, without a speck of residual personality left of you to figure it out until retrospect illuminates.
 
In the experience, I believe I was, for a time, the space between someone's leg and a yellow laquered loveseat. There was a whole history to it, too. A story in there, a lifetime that I was aware of, but not impressed by. Mostly, I wanted out. Despirately. I started to remember another half of what would be me, and ached with the incompleteness, so I started peeling myself out of the dimension. Meanwhile in the real world, I had leaned forward to dump myself onto the floor. And by 'myself' I mean the simple core of me that could feel: confused, frightened and in a great deal of pain. 

THE PAIN

I experienced excruciating pain throughout my body throughout the trip. It is perhaps the most complete pain I have ever felt, made of dull pain mixed with sharp pain, both pulsing and remaining constant. Sterio pain surging throughout my body lasting 5-10 minutes. I think that the pain may have manifested from fighting my way out of the surreal environment in search of a touchstone. My other half. But the pain was real. Like I'd been burned.

I began to recognize the small computer lights in the office and shadows and shapes haunted until they became objects. I remembered what I had smoked and hoped that I would not suffer anymore strangeness as I was still raw. So I stayed and calmed myself on the floor until I could climb in bed with my girlfriend. Her sleeping presense helped bring me back around. After my soul returned, I got back up and thought about what had happened.

Salvia is special, enlightening and natural, but it's heavy. I'm happy that I'd been crushed by 5-Me0-DMT many times, as that prepared me for this most intense 5-10 minutes of my brain's existence. Unfamiliar travellers be warned: riding on the nose of a rocketship can make you want to stop, and once you've gotten going, it's hard to get off.

In spite of the pain, I will experiment with Salvia again. There is something real there.