On my first day, I took one 800mg tablet before breakfast, then proceeded to work as usual. Breakfast consisted of mostly eggs and milk as they are good sources of choline. I have read reports from other people who took piracetam with hydergine as a choline supplement and had positive effects. 
   
The first thing that I noticed is a sense of 'clarity'. It is very hard to explain, so please bear with me. As I was driving to work, about an hour after taking the pills, I started to see the beauty of spring. I drive this same route to work almost every day, but somehow it seemed more beautiful, as did the sunrise. It was very peaceful, I began to smile at the realization of something that  had been ignored for quite some time. The entire day was very calm and seemed to pass quickly. On the way home, I saw the same beauty in a sunset. There were no noted memory effects this day but definitely a positive mood change.
   
The second day I opted to take two 800mg tablets. I followed this with the same breakfast and drive to work. The drive to work seemed less magical than the day before. I was in a positive frame of mind all day but the day seemed to pass more slowly. I did notice a marked difference in my memory recall however. I found myself remembering not only pertinent information, but seemingly useless information. Things like named of teachers in high school. Addresses and phone numbers of friends that I have not seen in years. I managed a very short meditation this day and was very pleased with the results. 
  
For comparison, on the third day I took nothing. The results were the same as the second day: increased calm and increased memory. On the fourth day I also took nothing, but this time with dramatic results. There was a sharp cutoff in cognition and calmness. I found myself smoking more cigarettes and taking more breaks. I had to look up information that I remembered two days ago, this was very confusing to me. I could remember recalling this information two days ago, but could not recall the information itself. 
  
Overall this was an excellent experience. As for the stop-smoking effects that I have heard others talk of, they were quite subtle. I noticed that I smoked less cigarettes in the days I took piracetam, but only in hindsight. In playing around with the dosage from 400mg to 2000mg the effects were the same. I am currently on 3200 mg and am drinking an energy drink called 'Bawls'. The clarity effects set in within about 15 mins. I do not feel relaxed, but that is more than likely the effects of the energy drink. However, I do feel inspired to read, write, and listen to music. There were no negative side effects from any of this.