A friend had given me three Vicodins (5/500) because of my current neck pain.  Having never tried an opiate, I was a bit nervous about how I would react to it.  I ended up taking one pill on a semi-full stomach, I had eaten a small meal half an hour prior, just to play it safe; I had read that first time opiate users were advised to not take it on an empty stomach, and I've been known to get nauseated easily.  This was at 5:30 PM.

After taking the pill, I grabbed some things I thought I might want later, none of which got used at all.  I had used various drugs before this, cannabis (including hash), mushrooms, 2c-i, and knew that the best thing I could do to help my high was to get my mind off of the drug and not try to analyze things.  Within five minutes of taking the pill, my friend Sakura called and asked if I wanted to go over to my friend Tim's apartment.  I agreed, and proceeded to hang up and play Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas.  I was placid; not sure what to expect, but not worried in the least.

Ten minutes later, I began to feel a tingling in my toes.  This happens when I smoke cannabis, but somehow this was much more pleasurable.  Suddenly, I had the urge to talk on the phone, and was irritated when I got several peoples' voicemails.  I finally reached my sister, but by this point I didn't feel like talking very much.  I then finally noticed that my neck pain was significantly decreased; still there, but certainly better.  It was oddly dissapointing; I was expecting complete alleviation.  As I write this, I realize that it helped much more than I realized.

At 6:00 Sakura arrived, and we piled into her car.  The drive was fun, and I was very happy to talk to her.  She stopped for gas, and I went into the station to use the ATM.  I walked in to be greeted by the eyes of everyone inside.  It made me feel passingly nervous, but by the time I reached the ATM I had forgotten about it.  Standing there getting cash, I felt the tingling rise up into my calves, and I began to sort of walk in place.  I laughed inwardly, realizing how ridiculous it must have looked.  The urge to buy something just to talk to the cashier was strong, but knowing I couldn't afford it, I passed.

Eventually we got to Tim's, and within minutes I was packing a bowl.  The effects of the Vicodin had been thus far very mild, and I hoped that a little weed would increase my high.  We began smoking at 6:30, an hour after I initially took the Vic.  The bowl was repacked a couple times, and then we just sat around talking.  At this point I was fairly stoned, but I didn't feel like I was getting a high from the hydrocodone.  The tingling in my toes was still present, however.

Soon, though, I began to get angry very easily.  A minor disagreement between Tim and I got me incredibly upset, and when Sakura agreed with him I yelled 'Are you guys retarded!?', which is a phrase I literally never say.  Even after the issue was settled, I felt angry, and dwelled upon the fact that I KNEW I was right.

At 7:30 we decided to go get dinner.  I essentially felt nothing other than the weed high, although I did feel very guilty for my outburst previously in the evening.  I apologized profusely in the car and blamed it on the Vicodin.

I did not feel sick at all throughout the whole experience.

While I did feel some effects (being really talkative, tingling sensation, perhaps very mild euphoria), I feel that this dosage of hydrocodone is ineffective for recreational use.  For pain relief, however, it is quite effective.  But I don't intend to do this amount in a social situation again; it just left me acting like an asshole.  Ultimately, the whole thing left me wanting to try a higher dosage, which I intend to do soon.