[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.]

I consider myself to be a semi experianced pot smoker, however after abstaning from the beautiful leaf for over a month I decided that I needed a quick stone. I found this trip in a can of starting fluid in my dads shed. I began inhaling it about two weeks ago and began to injoy it way to much, the warm tingley full body orgasms:) and the like.

While my parents were out of town today I figured it would be the perfect time to push the envolope, that in retrospect was a stupid fucking idea! The first two or three times at the bag o ether were quiet pleasant and a little bit scary, I felt kinda like I was going to pass out. Around the fourth time at the bag( it was about 5 minutes between each time I huffed at the bag, each time for about twenty seconds) I began to feel very peranoid like thinking about how the feeling of deja vu I was getting every few seconds was that of death. Keep inmind this all happend about 45 minutes ago and I dont remeber everything plus I'm still feeling the shit head known as ether. Thoughts were of uniscapable terror and realization that I was indeed crazy, that I must be feeling the exact same feeling that those people you see walking down the street talking to them selves are feeling. Every few minutes or so during this horrible episode I would rip my glasses off and scream some obsinity for no apparent reason. There was a constant feeling that I would never come out of the influence of the drug, and that those two hours or so was life in a nutshell.

I hope that what I have shared with you makes some sense but it prolly doesnt, I will end this by saying that ether is not a drug to be screwing with, I don't think I'll ever be the same again.<!--stick to normall illegal drugs like bud and shrooms and you'll be fine but once you get into the terrifying world of an ether binge you will never be the same, god knows I wont be.-->