[Erowid Note: This report describes high-dose chronic use of Alprazolam. Rapid discontinuation of alprazolam therapy at this dose schedule can carry significant health hazards.]

I have been taking 'real' and generic Xanax, and Tafil, 'the mexican real Xanax', for 15 years, since 1988 through the present, proving that this is not a short-term drug in the least and presents no danger over the long run. This drug is the only one that controls SPD (severe panic disorder), for which I am on disability, in addition to a few other things. SPD is classified where there are more than three episodes per week and you so end alot of the rest of your time worrying about whether you're going to have another one. It totally dominates your personal and /or professional life (if you have one).

In order for me to have a life, I usually wake up to eight bars, yes eight bars (16mg) with my morning cup of java. Then, by mid-aftenoon, when I take my break from homeschooling my son, I usually take six more bars, then I write for several hours. About 10 or 11pm I am finished working (I write for a living), and I take four more bars then it's off to dreamland. The sensation of Xanax can be best described not by what they do to me, but by what it keeps me from experiencing. Sure, they get me high, really dreamy, but not out of control. It's rather a more peaceful feeling of being totally in control and everything is fine. It kills the panic! I do not feel like I'm going to die, nor do I feel like my heart is going to stop beating or already has; I do not feel shaky, sweaty, or any of the other unbearable manifestations of panic which, by the way, are to say the least, very uncomfortable. I have never had a bad experience with this drug, no matter what the dosage. And I have had no ill effects when it has become necessary to temporarily stop taking it for a medical procedure or test. 

XaRe SSRIs like Paxil, Effexor, Zoloft, Buspar, Wellbutrin, just to name a few. If it were me, I'd stick with the Xanax. The other stuff is just so much mind control. Each generation of new drugs does more to alter brain chemistry without the associated high, producing workers with just the right frame of mind. So what's the use in taking it? That always made me wonder why people ever smoked cigarettes! Get nothing out of it except cancer and smelling like a wet ashtray! Ever wonder why so many people are being urged to take the SSRIs by their doctors? Could it be all the perks they receive for prescribing it? Enjoy and be creative on your highs. Peace Out! Sparkle-->