I go to northern illinios with a couple of my buddies and the first few weeks of the semester were fine, drinking, smoking and whatever. Then our friend from Yale calls us and tells us he has a drug that his roomates told him about and gave to him called 2C-e. My and my two friends were more curious about this drug then anyone could be. My friends at yale finally sent us some over the mail in a pencil. The day it came in my friends came over to my room and we split it up, put it in water and drank our shares. I had to convince my roomate to also do it but he finally came around. So the four of us sat there in my dormroom, kinda freaked out we just took a drug a friend sent us in the mail. I was kinda excited to trip because our dorm room had blacklights and blacklights posters everywhere in it. About 40 minutes to an hour after we took it my friend says 'the ceiling is crawling' I look up and the images on the blacklight posters are moving around and really wavy. Then more shit started to move and i had to stand up. I went to sit in my chair and i got a huge head rush and my body started feeling really lose and weightless. 

So about an hour and a half in i am trippping balls. My sheets are crawling around on my bed, letters on signs are moving and the feeling was increadible. We finally got the balls to go outside for a cig, and walking down the hall was the coolest feeling ever. I felt at any second i was going to lift off and float away. Plus the hallway is melting and every person i see scares the crap out of me, so i put my hoodie up and keep walking. I foud a cig to be a hard thing to enjoy on this drugs. Getting one out took me 5 minutes and i keep forgetting i had one in my hand so i barley smoked it.

We go back to my room and decided on no more cigs. So we watching tv and i realize that the tv and not a cool thing to watch on this drug. There is no cool effects and its almost sobering. So i got back to staring and my plaid bed sheets which seen to be snaking around all over the place. Then i look at my carpet, and the startes moving around, It seems to me that whatever i stared at for a little bit would start moving in a way i couldn't understand. But patterned shit seems to work the best and looked the coolest. After about 5 hours of this we started to come down and the trip was gone. I said goodbye to my friends and got into my bed but was to excited about i had just down to really go to sleep. I stayed up all night thinking about what i had just done and i liked it, and really wanted to do it again.