[Erowid Note: 
The dose described in this report is very high, potentially beyond Erowid's 'heavy' range, and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.]

Allright, I'd like to start off by saying that 25 seeds is ALOT to take. However, in my case I've worked my way up to this dose and found that this particular batch of seeds is pretty weak. Once on a stronger variety of seeds I took only 8 and experienced some visuals and an overall trippy feeling.

But last night was the most interesting. I ate all the seeds at about 7:30pm. I noticed the almost immediate feeling of 'hmm, something is different' before I had even finished chewing them all up and swallowed them (I never swallow them until the last one is chewed... having them in my mouth is not as disgusting as the actual act of swallowing). I then proceed to hang out with four of my friends in my dorm, who are aware that I have eaten the seeds.

8:30 - No nausea (although I have experienced severe nausea with morning glory seeds, which I don't enjoy because I have to eat so many of them its just sick). Feeling a little trippy, a little euphoric, not too much.

9:30 - We go out to smoke some bowls. I notice that my hands are pretty cold, which is because of the ergot alkaloids I guess (think Saint Anthony's Fire, except not nearly so bad. Smoking herb always amplifies the HWBR experience, and this time was no different. After smoking for about 15 minutes, my friend's heads started taking on strange forms. One became kind of skeleton-like, and the others looked strange, like in the movie Beetlejuice. We live in a dorm so we smoke in a car in the parking lot, so when we got out of the car to walk back into the dorm, all the other cars seemed to be rippling a bit, which I thought was pretty cool although I wanted to be inside.

10:30 - Well, we were inside playing video games which was alot of fun. There were some christmas lights strung up around the dorm room, and they seemed to surround me, but it wasn't very intense. At one point the room seemed to grow very tall and curvy, which was really cool but something distracted me and I snapped out of it. Too bad because it was really cool.

11:30 - The herb is wearing off, I forgot what I was doing at this point.

12:30 - I went to bed now... GOOD IDEA! I put on some Radiohead which was really intense, and stared at the ceiling, which is very close since I am on the top bunk. Pretty soon the ceiling was taking on a life of its own. It looked like energy was pulsing through it, and then parts of it would light up and I could feel that I was about to start tripping pretty good. The room kind of morphed to a cylidrical shape and soon I was getting some interesting visuals that looked like they were electicity-based. I loved it! Then it looked like footprints were moving around on the ceiling. I was feeling pretty euphoric too. But then my monitor turned itself off and the room was totally dark, and I lost most of the visual effect. I went to sleep very easily.

The next morning, not much effects today, I can force things to wave around a little bit in my vision, but overall I feel pretty well rested and normal.