[mentions having visuals lasting after trip when he smokes cannabis later]

This was going to be my first successful acid trip. I've previously attempted tripping on acid once before, with a weak dosage (only a half hit of weak geltabs) and only experienced minor pupil dialation and minor time dialation. Well this was going to be much different, although I still think it would be considered by most a light trip.

	I had earlier purchased 5 hits for myself (the dealer said it was weak, and would be equal to 2 and a half hits). He said to take it all, and I'd trip balls. Well I was a bit hesitant on taking 5 hits of acid, weak or not. I finally picked the day to take the acid, as my parents weren't going to be home the whole day. It was a friday during Christmas
Vacation, and I cut the 5 strip in half, and stuck one half on my tongue. This was around 1:45 Right after I did this, a friend of mine showed up at the door. I let him in, and he asked me if i wanted to go to a party. I said sure, and he asked me why I had paper on my tongue (he had never done any drugs before except for weed, which was with me and a bunch of other people). I explained to him what it was, and he thought it sounded cool, and asked me if I could get him any.

	Well, I gave him the other half, remembering the dealer said for me to take it all,
and hoping I wouldn't regret not taking it all myself. Well we waiting at my house for about
30 minutes, and then decided to go to the party early. I knew the girl, but had never been 
to her house, although she lived in my neighborhood. We walked to her house, and when we got
there we spit out the paper, which was all soggy and in about 3 pieces by then. He said he
noticed no effects, and neither did I. I told him I read on the internet it took about an 
hour. Well we entered the house, and went into the girl's room. The clock in her room said 
2:40 something, and we both could have sworn it was a lot earlier. I guess we just lost 
track of time.

	Shortly after we got there (about 10 minutes) two more people from across the street
showed up. We were basically just talking, hanging out, waiting for more people, when I got 
some cold chills. I started to get cold chills on and off, and I thought it was the acid, 
so I asked my friend if he felt any different. He told me it was all in my head, the 'stuff' 
was probably fake, and he was feeling fine. 

	I was extremely disappointed then, and wanted to call the dealer, but then I 
remembered once again he told me it was weak, and said It was enough for one person to
trip. I then became extremely disappointed with myself, regretting not taking it all. 
My friend on the otherhand didn't mind, as he was fooling around with his girlfriend. 
Well, when the other two people who came realized I took acid, they said they had some 
weed, and said weed will make the acid stronger. I didn't believe this, but could 
care less, because I wanted to smoke some weed. So we left the house at around 3:30 
and I started to feel weird once again. My friend didn't come because his girlfriend 
wanted him to stay. So us 3 (John and I forgot the other dude's name) went behind the
house and smoked some weed. I kept telling them we needed to hurry and get back inside 
because it was cold and we'd be outside forever. It seemed like hours to me, and they 
kept saying it was only a couple minutes. I found this extremely hard to believe, and
after smoking a good deal of weed I parted and went back inside, only to see the clock. 
It was 3:42 exactly , it hadn't even been a half hour. Well I went back outside only to
find out they were coming in and finished the bud (it was only a dime bag, and a dime can 
go quick between 3 people if you know what I mean) They were stoned and I was also feeling 
the effects, although they were 'different' than the average stoned feeling.

	Well we went back inside, and my friend who took the other half of acid suddenly
jumped up and ran over to me and said 'DUDE! It's like I'm here....but I'm not.' Well, 
for some reason he kept saying this, and everytime he said it I laughed harder than I 
ever laughed before.

		This is when everything changes.

For my friend, he said his girlfriend 'just didn't look right'. When she came over to him, 
he refused to touch her, which made her pissed at him. This was around 4:00 and I was 
feeling it as well. I was extremely happy for some reason, partly because of knowing the
acid was atleast working a little bit, and partly because of the weed and/or acid maybe?

Whatever it was, I couldn't stop smiling. Then I would get extremely sad or disappointed, 
probably because of the music.They had on some Marilyn Manson and it was driving me crazy. 
I went to turn it off when the strobe light went on, and BOY DID THAT KNOCK ME AND MY 
FRIEND ON OUR ASSES. Nick (my friend who took the acid with me) said his girlfriend's flesh
looked like scales. She knew by this time he was tripping, and she just acted normal like 
it was expected of him to say something. Well I didn't talk much, because the strobe light
was way too entertaining. At this point a few more people were showing up.

My first and only major full-blown center sight hallucination occured while looking at
a 'trip-poster' with the strobe light on. I expected to see it move, but I didn't. What I
saw instead was such a great feeling (I've been wanting to hallucinate for months) that I was just in amazement. I saw picture puzzle pieces gliding down slowly from the center of the poster to the floor and disappearing. I was awestruck. It was wonderful. They were lined with blue fire. They piecesthemselves weren't a certain color, but a mixture of gray and white, and reminded me of World War II for some reason (no idea why). I only saw one at a time, and 3 total, but regardless,
they were great. This lifted my mood completely.

When I closed my eyes, I saw weird edgy things composed of the colors green and pink and maybe more (very hard to explain).
I think they might have been fractals, but not sure. I decided I needed some fresh air, and I wanted to see if things looked
different outside. Well, they didn't. Or so I thought at first. Then I noticed everything looked real glossy. Cars were
way more shiny then I remembered them. It kind of bothered me, because I thought that I was going to see everything like
this for the rest of my life from now on. I went back inside. I figured it'd been many, many hours since I'd taken the acid
(atleast 5-6 hours) so when I got back in I looked at the clock while sitting down, and I saw tracers for my first time.
The numbers were red, and when I sat down, the clock and the numbers moved differently. I finally managed to read the clock,
and to my amazement it was only 4:40 something!

	I decided I couldn't take the strobe light anymore, that I couldn't see with it on (everything looked scrambled) and
begged anyone to turn it off. Someone told me to get off my ass and turn it off myself, it was then I realized I forgot how to turn strobe lights on and off. Where strobe lights special? Where they meant to be on or off? Do I really NEED the strobe light off? What if my eyes didn't want the strobe light off? These were the thoughts I was getting, but in the middle of them, someone turned the light off, and to my amzement, I was still seeing weird patterns on the cielings. My friend saw the same pink colored patterns on the ceiling as well, and we were amazed by it.

	Finally, while still looking at the cieling, I remember that I had pretty severe trouble telling how much time had passed. I remembered everytime I thought hours had passed, it had only been a short while, around minutes. Well it felt like about 5 minutes had passed, so I thoguth it must have only been 20 seconds or so. To my shock, it had been over 30 minutes, and it was now around 5:30.
	
	The rest of the night was pretty vague, their were many drugs going around, but all I wanted more of was acid, which
no one had. I was still seeing the same patterns when I looked at the cieling, but my friend wasn't seeing them as much, only every now and then. I guess the weed made a difference.

We finally managed to walk home at around 11:00. I know I left out a lot, but nothing worth noting really happened. Like I mentioned, just the basic patterns. There is one thing I recall, and that was calling my sister from the party asking if my
parents were home, and if she could get me more acid (it was her boyfriend who sold me the acid in the first place, he's my dealer for most stuff). Well she said to call her boyfriend, which I didn't want to. I don't know why I didn't, but I just didn't want to. It was a STRONG feeling. She was still talking to me, asking me if the acid worked, and I remember her voice was agitating, so I told her I had to go and hung up, without answering much. That was somewhere around 7:30-10:30, as I lost track of time, and got tired of looking at the clock only to realize I was always wrong predicting the time.

Anyway, back to walking home. Everything still looked glossy, and my friend said he enjoyed the experience. He didn't see things glossy like me, and said it was gone from him. Well when we got home, we both found it extremely hard to sleep, and he said that he was wrong, and when he closed his eyes he had dreams even though he was still awake. We finally managed to get to sleep, and the next day we were BOTH in a bad mood. Not like a 'I hate you' kind of mood, more like a 'I could careless if I died right now' kind of mood.

All in all, except for the come down, I think it was a great first time experience. Sorry for the lenghtly report, but I felt I needed to share everything I remembered.

There is one more thing I must mention. I've gotten high several times after that, and everytime from then on I see patterns on ceilings and the high feels 'different'. I don't know if this will go away ever, but either way it doesn't bother me, and it's a cool feeling.

					***THE END