I have some DIPT GC-pure freebase at hand, and decided to give it a try. I was very carefully with dosing. The freebase also should be a bit stronger than the HCl salt. The amount of freebase is about 1.15 times more potent than the same amount of HCl-salt (in this case).

First try: I stirred up 20 mg of the insoluble base in a glass of water (equal to 23 mg HCl-salt) and ingested it on a empty stomach: First awareness in 20 min with a tension in my neck and shoulders. Slow climbing. After 1.5 h  maybe the peak, but without auditory effects. All in all this is a threshold level for me.

Second try: 32 mg ingested in the same manner: 30 min after ingestion I noted a change in my own voice. It sounded a bit deeper and fuller than normal. This effects manifested in the next hour. There was also a good tryptamine buzz. Communication was easy, and it was easy to find the right words. Body load was much lower than with Foxy.

Third try: 70 mg, ingested in a capsule on a empty stomach. 
Set and setting: I was in an excellent mood, completed some important work and just borrowed a new CD from the library: Yann Tiersen, Rue de Cascades. 

I was home alone and a bit excited, watched a Andrew Blake film during the come up. In this film there was not spoken, only some bizarre music. So I did not note any audio changes. In 45 min it came on strongly to a +2. In the next 40 min it built up to a full +3, but generally very friendly. I stopped watching the porn (which was not very interesting for me, but good for the going up period), and put on the Yann Tiersen CD, lying down on the sofa and listening. This music is objectively a little disharmonic, and so I simply listened to the music the way it sounded. I did not recognize any audio distortions (although they were present!!) because I did not know how it would sound when sober. I had some closed eye visuals and enjoying the music was incredible graceful. (Much better than with any other stuff I ever tried).  When the CD was over I changed it to Portishead -and it sounded terrible; my own voice sounded like a galactic frog,  so I laid down again and listened the Yann Tiersen CD for the second time.

The effects subsided after ~5h, and by hour 8 I was quite baseline again. My own voice still sounds deeper than normal. I tried to play a bit with my guitar, and it was absolute fun! Sleep was OK and the next day was a bit lazy, and I spent a lot with daydreaming. 

Conclusion: This was surely one of my best experiences, and I had some significant personal insights. I will definitely repeat this at about the same level, and again with music I did not hear before. 

The lesson for me was: Accept things you cannot change simply in the way they are, and do not complain about them – This makes things much easier and even delightful!

Be careful, and find your own level!!