Ok, so about a month ago, my roommate and I were taking 5-MeO-DiPT and putting it in empty gelcaps..... and I decided to get funny and make a huge one...about 60mg....I have used 5-MeO-DiPT successfully on multiple occasions, mostly doses between 20mg-25mg, and maybe a 30mg in there too.  About 1 month later, after forgetting about the huge pill, I found it, and put it on my keyboard, so I would remember to split it up or something...well that never happened....this BEAST sat there on my keyboard for a week, staring at me, coaxing me into swallowing it...it wanted me bad, and I wanted it....So then, one day, after finishing my psychology exam, I ran back to my room, and took the pill at about 3:00pm....this monster was tough to get down.  In my mind, I knew I had done something very very wrong.  I thought I was going to die....so I just started cleaning out our piranha's tank....the pill took a while to kick in, probably about 35-40 minutes, but when it did, OH BABY, I was BLOWN AWAY.

I do not remember too much of the actual trip, but I do remember some portions.  I remember my body writhing, twisting, and tensing up every couple seconds.  I would have these very intense moments of cold and then get really hot.  But wait...this is only where the pill start to kick in...you better keep on reading..... ok so I was having so much mental problems that I didn't even know if I was breathing....my heart was racing, I was sweating, so tense, unbelievable....I somehow managed to get into the shower after struggling to get my towel and clothes together for about 10 minutes, and that is a long time on 5-MeO-DiPT.  Well, in the shower, I could not move, it felt like my whole body was crawling with ants, little ants hundreds of them....all over me.  Then they began to start crawling inside me...everything turned black...the water from the shower head turned into little bytes of electricity, that began to make my body shake even more.....it was horrible..but then I leaned against the shower wall, with my eyes closed, and saw the BRIGHTEST visuals I have ever seen, they weren't just psychedelic, they were so bright it hurt my eyes, even though I was just imagining them...I felt as if I was moving with them, the rays and circles spinning, shapes combining with one another, and webs of a sparkling blue material started to wrap up my face and body, I felt trapped.

Somehow.. .  I managed to drag myself out of the shower, and get dressed, I still don't know how, b/c I was tripping my mind out....this was only about 30 minutes into the trip...now, also on this fateful day, my college planned a special turkey dinner, which was the only place to eat at.  My roommate, drunk off his ass at only 4:15 in the afternoon, wanted to take me to dinner...I drank 1/2 of a beer to settle down, it did not work..I knew I would not be able to handle it...as soon as I got dressed, I felt a second hit of pulsating inside my mind, I was loosing my grasp of reality, I really did not know what was happening....also with this 2nd wave, the voices of every single person around me were very very deep and distorted.  Now I know DiPT does this to you, but I think that I might have had a little too much 5-MeO-DiPT, and this also did it to me...the heavy mono-tones of their voice were completely unbearable...I could see people standing around me, all seemed to be talking at once, in the same low pitched voice, drooooning on, and I was totally unable to tell which person was talking, or especially what they were saying...it was bad, very bad.

Somehow, I was dragged down to a car that was going to take me to dinner...now, when I left class an hour or so earlier it was nice, warm, and bright outside....when I got outside this time, the sky was a deep deep shade of purple, it was snowing, and bitterly cold outside....I was in a T-shirt, b/c it was way too much effort to put on another article of clothing.. Still the droning deep voices were present, but somehow I was smart enough to grab my portable CD player to bring with me wherever I went, so that I would not have to listen to the voices of these robot like creatures.  I STRONGLY RECOMMEND this 73 minute TRANCE song  -- DJ PAUL OKENFOLD, SASHA, CARL COX - Paul Okenfold -- the song is great to trip to....anyway, I never got to play my CD until later, because dinner was the most insane part of the experience...walking began to get even more difficult, as I had to be helped wherever I went...still every few seconds my body would tense up, big time, and I was still getting the hot and cold chills, I was relieved to see some regular lights, and no more of that purple sky...at dinner was when the pill kicked in THE MOST....I as I walked through the gym doors, I heard music....a few moments later I was able to see a live band...this was no ordinary band....it was a group of many 60 year old people playing trombones, violins, and other WILD instruments ,....there was a woman singing...but she sounded like a man, well not really, only in my mind, cuz of the 5-MeO-DiPT and my hearing was real messed up....I stumbled down the stairs....almost crashing into the angry old pie faced lady who works in the cafeteria...I tried to get a plate, I was not able to see my hands....it was getting worse still, I didn't know what the food was....I couldn't pick up utensils, and I was unable to register that there were people around me....things got worse, have u ever seen that car commercial on TV, where the guy is like 'I need a car' 'a red one' 'convertible' and thousands   and thousands of cars are flying past him, I mean whipping by him really fast, like real fast.

Well that's what happened to me, everything around me was rushing at a speed faster than I could imagine right past me, I was getting hit with massive amounts of wind, or so I thought..It was real fast, and I was on line waiting to get my food, with the DEAN of students, the reverend of the church at school and EVERY SINGLE one of the important people at my school sitting at a table less than 20 feet away from me.  it was incredible.... I tried calling my friends who were in front of me for help, but no,  no response....I really needed help....I had to have this weird looking guy put food on my plate... I was going insane.....things were ripping by, I was shaking, couldn't walk, nor move.  Most people at dinner thought I was high, like I smoked weed or something, but they were way wrong...nobody realized this....meanwhile the live band was still playing....it sounded like a constant train crash....what a mess, and it was loud and deep in my ears....I ate some very weird things, but I wanted to keep eating, b/c I didn't know that I had even eaten yet....it felt like I was inside of a time warp...I ate, and tried to get out of there soon, I laid down on the table, the second my head hit the table, an explosion of colors blew up in my mind, I began to see the visuals big time....I had to leave...I had to....I blanked out.

I know I am skipping a large amount of stuff, but I really don't remember....next thing I remember was laying in my bed, the top bed, feeling my brain actually twisting off of the brain stem, and spinning in circles inside my skull....my body was twitching much more, convulsing, writhing muscle spasms were all I could feel...I went to the bathroom, and I decided to call my girlfriend.  I wanted to be nice to her, incase I ended up dying...I could not tolerate the phone, her lovely voice had turned into the droning masculine tone of the others....and this was about 3-4 hours into the experience...my skin began to feel electric, and it hurt to move, bytes of electricity were hitting me everywhere...I had to lay down,... I felt my eyes disappear, and it was difficult to see anymore.  I had to crawl into bed again, with my CD player, and the 73 minute trance song to help me calm down...still twitching, I began to slip away, the visuals were so detailed that I was in total disbelief...absolutely amazing...incredible, for the longest time ever....I imagined my skin getting so hot under the blankets that it melted right off of my body, ALL of it, and I was laying in a pool of liquid skin, I was too afraid to move, or check if this was true, so I let it go, bad idea, my brain came up with some wild stuff like I imagined my that I could feel my bones growing, and stretching, and no muscles could move in my whole body...my bones grew so fast that they dried out, and became huge tools that were used to dig tunnels through a mountain, left to be buried in a mine, covered in hoards of liquid acid, making them light enough to float away, into the darkness of the night.

I started going nuts, my mind went into hyper mode, and I thought so hard and saw so many things, then I fell away again....after all this, I slowly recovered....filled with pain, I was so relieved a few hours later when the deep voices of people went away....it was traumatic...the 5-MeO-DiPT did not let me actually fall asleep until very very very late that night,  like almost stayed up all night, listening to the trance song, and many other trance songs, for the next day, I still could not stop twitching, my body never recovered from that, well not for a few days at least, I strongly DO NOT recommend anybody ever EVER taking a dose that large, it's just too much to handle.