[Erowid Note: The term 'yopo' is traditionally used in reference to Anadenanthera peregrina. Recently many people have started using it to refer to both A. peregrina AND A. colubrina.]



I just recieved a huge bag of Anadenanthera colubrina. The setting was very mellow and relaxed with absolutly no worries or possibe interruptions, the room was dimly lit and I had music playing. I had originally intended to ingest the seeds with some syrian rue, but the package of syrian rue had not arrived yet. So I decided to prepare some yopo. I put 10 seeds on a few laylers of tin foil and proceeded to roast them over a candle flame. After a short wile the seeds will pop (sounds like popcorn). A good way to see if they all popped is to look at the seeds, if they are done the black outer casing should have a small crack in it exposing a brown under-layer. Then take the popped seeds and grind them in a coffee grinder. Make sure you get if into a very fine powder. 



Measure the ground seeds and add baking soda or lime powder. Add the baking soda OR lime in a 3 to 1 ratio. 3 parts being the seeds and 1 part baking soda or lime. I used baking soda and it worked well. After adding the baking soda to the seeds I then put it back into the coffee grinder to make sure it was mixed well. I then took the yopo out of the coffee grinder and put it on a piece of paper. I made 3 big lines and then proceeded to snort the yopo. This stuff burns and tastes bad but I found it to be very tolerable. After about five minutes I saw my TV start to turn red then back to normal, this happened a few times. Then my vision faded into a grey and everything seemed to have a rough texture, like the inside of a rock. After this my stomache got really messed up and I vomited. It wasn't bad and I didn't let it ruin my experiance. 



After vomiting my vision returned to normal. I then relaxed on my couch and listened to some very relaxing music. I closed my eyes and observed some stunning closed eye visuals. I saw one black line, whirling around a white one with a multi-colored one in the middle. All the lines swirled around eachother and moved to the music. This then morphed into a black and white mosaic of oval pieces. All of the closed eye visuals looked 3 dimensional and were constantly moving. I then opened my eyes and had blurred vision, like trying to see through a very fine mesh. After this the visions stopped and I just had a pleasant afterglow. The whole expiriance lasted about a half hour.