It all started last Monday night. My friend owed me some mushrooms for some pills that help you pass your drug test and gave me an eighth. These are the same type of shrooms that I always get, besides the first time I did them. I usually take half an eighth of these ones, they were small round caps with what looked like flakes of gold paint on them.

At 7:30 I hastily ate the whole bag and was hanging out front of the pizza place where I know almost everyone that works there. I started to feel it around 8:00 and saw an American flag start to do weird things like go up and down like a set of blinds for a house. I finally got away from the shopping center walking with some of my friends that were looking for something to do. On the walk to the bike trail everything started to turn red and I started to hear the ringing in my head that I have heard before, the shadows were back, the colors and the constant movement were here again. It felt good. Finally our ride showed up and I hoped in the car, and we headed for some chick's house where the driver had to drop something off and pick something up. The drive there was amazing, it felt like the road was so much longer and took 5 times as long. By this time I was really starting to come up and the road and everything around me was so crazy looking.

When we got to the girls house I waited outside and I kept seeing animals that were all black, like shadows down in the middle of the road. It was around 9 now and I started to feel quite sick to my stomach, but didn't puke. When I got back into the car, my friends all looked purple and it felt like we were driving incredibly fast, but we weren't. A very odd thing happened in the middle of town at a stop light, I was thinking. See, I have had piercings for the last two years, I had 2 holes in each ear stretched and my nose had a ring, I started to feel that I didn't want them in anymore. So, calmly I rolled the window down, and said, I don't want to be restricted by metal through my body, and tossed them out the window. My friends looked at me kinda weird and asked, are you gonna regret that later? I said no, and we kept driving.

We stopped at 7-11 because everyone thought it would be funny to make me go buy a slurpee, so I went in and tried to fill the cup up, it looked so watery I poured it out and moved to the next flavor, I poured that one out, and the next, eventually I said whatever and took the watery slurpee. When I got back to the car I noticed that the slurpee was thick not watery and when I touched it long ripples went through it, then my friend started to go off about a slurpee being 'Sex in a Cup' saying all the reasons it was that way. I also felt like I was sitting way inside of the car seat, not on top of it.

We finally got back into town and sat at a table where we normals smoke bowls and drink beer. I started to smoke a cigarette, and really didn't like the smell of it for some reason, so I put it out. A few minutes later I smelled my hand, I said, 'my hands smell like cigarettes, I don't like that, I don't ever want to smell like this again.' I haven't craved or touched a cigarette for days now, and it's going to stay that way.

We started to walk back into town and my body had such an intense feeling not know to vomit, urinate, or take a shit, I felt like I was going to explode with this feeling. On the walk back to town, I really changed I finally figured out that I need to get a serious job and get my shit straight, and that my piercings were holding me back and that I needed to wake up early and actually do something. We made it to the gas station where we all knew the girl that was working and I went to the bathroom, WOW, that was weird. I definitely peaked while sitting on the toilet at a Chevron gas station, my body had never felt anything like it, and nor can I describe it. Things got weird when I looked in the mirror and my face started to move, and the tiles on the floor started to spin, I had to get out of there, but the door was locked and I was stuck, I finally got out and was like, 'wow' that was fun.

We walked over to a bench where some other friends were drinking some beer, It was hard to drink beer right now, but I kept sipping on it. Everyone went to the car and left me alone for what I believed to be 20 minutes or so. I didn't care though, because I was staring at some trees, then I actually watched a tree grow, lose leaves, grow, then get huge and fall over, all this happened in about 20 seconds. It looked like one of those time lapse cameras, but over a period of a few hundred years, it was so beautiful. Everyone had gone home now, and it was me and one other guy, one of my best friends.

We went through a creek to the golf course, and started walking, it was so odd looking with the sprinklers and so much open space, there were strange looking people in all the windows of the houses, they all looked so unhappy, but I was happy and that's what I cared about. We made it to the top of a hill and I had not a care in the world. I was almost completely down by now, and me and my friend just chilled and we each drank the last 2 beers, and started to walk home. When I got home, my parents were really happy that I had no more metal in my head. I said goodnight and went to bed.

I woke up the next morning really early, like 9. I usually don't get up till after 1 or 2. When I woke up that early I didn't want a cigarette and I didn't want to lay there or go back to sleep, I got up and worked out, then left to go find a job. Now it's a few days later, I still don't want a cigarette, I have no piercings, and I feel really positive about everything and everyone. I have now been doing a lot of research on the religions that use mushrooms in their practices. I had a very good experience and feel I have changed for the better, even my parents said I have been acting better since that night, they don't know why, but I do. I am looking forward to having another experience in a week or two.

Thanks for reading all of this, and just remember, life is about having fun, and there's no need for self created stress. Peace.