First Time With Hydrocodone

I got home from the hospital, not feeling to great since it was the day I was dismissed a day after I had surgery but I was happy that I got described hydrocodone. I went home, did whatever to waste the time during the day and then night came. I haven't done many pills. Iv done a few but not a lot so whuch means I didn't know too much about them. I read a few experiences online and decided to take a dose of 15 mg since the pills also have 500 mg in acetaminophen in them. It was about 11:40 when I took them and 45 minutes later everyone went to sleep. I didn't really feel much from the pills alone. Maybe since I was eating all day and my stomach was full.

First time with hydrocodoneI went upstairs, grabbed my bowl and weed. Came back to my basement, packed a bowl, and went to the side of my house. I sat down and smoked my bowls. I came back in and started watching James and The Giant Peach. At this point I felt the regular effects of weed but a little more 'intense' then just smoking weed by itself. I herd the movie was trippy to watch and it is. Colors seemed brighter, when they started eating the peach it looked so damn good. I then discovered that if I close my eyes for a second then open them the movie looked like it went in reverse for that second that I didn't watch it. Like as soon as I closed my eyes it went on pause then started playing once I opened it but I knew it never stopped. Kind of cool effect. 

So anyways once the movie was over I just turned on some movie from like the 70s about black gangs or some whack shit like that. By 3 I felt so tired. I don't know if it was from the hydrocodone or because I didn't get much sleep the night before anyways.

So pretty much the effects I got was that:
Pause mode in the movie
A nice body high
My vision was a little weird, if I just stared blankly it seems like I saw the liquids in my eye or something

A nice easy high with good effects. Next time ill try extracting the hydrocodone and take 50 mg and some weed.