I had recently come upon a reasonable amount of 5-Methoxy N,N Dimethyltryptamine, with the intent of using said chemical.  I had decided to attempt it with gradually higher doses, starting with 4mg, and working my way up, eventually reaching 23mg.  Insufflation was the method I had chosen to use. The setting each time was late night/early morning in my room with the window open for ventilation and lighting. There were no lights on in my room and nothing was making any noise.  The whole of the trip was spent lying on my bed.

At the lower doses (4-18mg) there was a slight undertone of anticipation that some big event was about to happen, along with a weak sharpening of vision.  Also, I had experienced some very light visuals, consisting mainly of red colored dots going across my field of view a handful of times.

Snorting 5-MeO-DMT does result in some pain in the nasal cavity, although it is quite easily handled.  Despite the small doses, there was certainly a drip, which proved somewhat distracting during the actual trip, though there doesn't seem like there is much time to focus on such minor details while tripping.

Experience:
It was about 10:45 PM when I had decided to weigh out 23mg, an increase of 5mg from my previous attempt.  After making sure it was weighed properly, I placed it on a dictionary to snort.  Prior to snorting this time I thought for a second, 'What would happen if I died right here?'  Anyways, the 5-MeO-DMT went in nicely, and began burning as I had experienced from previous attempts.  I replaced the book to my shelf and promptly turned off the light.  I took off my shirt and got into my bed.

I would estimate that it was 10:55-11:00 when it hit me.  It worked up as a sort of fear.  Had I done too much?  Is it too late?  My mind was racing and it felt as though my heart was keeping up.  Upon a check of my pulse, it actually seemed to be lower than normal.  This seemed to last for an extremely long time; it felt like it had been hours since I had dosed and I was going to die.  However, as quickly as the fear set it, it was gone.  I began to think deeply, I am uncertain whether or not my eyes were open for the majority of this trip, all I remember is nothingness of sight.

I had thought that I discovered the meaning of life, and thus I had cracked a smile.  This smile quickly broadened almost automatically.  In short order I had started to laugh maniacally, it was an orgasmic feeling.  I knew the meaning of life, why shouldn't I be excited.  This period, like the terror, left as fast as it came on, it would seem.

Following my period of sheer joy I began deeply thinking.  Thinking about myself, who I REALLY am, and other people.  This was the absolute most rewarding part of the experience, for me.  I learned innumerable things that I had never realised about myself.  My personality, how others see me, what I wish to do in the near future, goals I would truly like to accomplish.  Along with being the most rewarding part of this trip, it was also the most memorable.  The sheer number of things that were exposed to me during this 'portion' of the trip is insane, but was completely acceptable and easily taken in by me.  It was as if the 5-MeO-DMT had broken open my mind and showed me what was truly inside.

This period seemed to end too quickly, and I was back in my room.  I switched on my clock and see that it is 12:10 AM.  This experience lasted little over 1 hour.  The time I was there, though, is very difficult to describe.  It seemed as though it lasted but a moment, while at the same time lasted an eternity.  During the last part of this experience, the learning, I cannot even begin to explain what I have truly learned.  Words cannot describe what I now know and feel, just thinking about what happened draws a blank in my mind as to how to explain.  I only wish that I could put what I felt into words.

Conclusion:
5-MeO-DMT is an amazing chemical that can teach so much in such a short amount of 'real' time.  This is not something to just do for fun; this is something to use when one wishes to learn everything there is to know about oneself.  When this wonderful chemical gets into my brain it shows me things I can't even begin to imagine.  Intense?  Yes.  Frightening?  Yes.  Euphoric?  Yes.  One of the most important life changing things in my life?  Without a doubt.

This is not something to be abused, I feel as though I should not use this again for some time; but, it is telling me to come back when I am again ready.

Use this to expand your mind, not entertain it.