I use to be on paxil a couple of years ago for anxiety.  The first thing I remember noticing from it is not being able to sleep, and feeling like I got a good nights sleep the next morning, even though I tossed and turned all night.  But then things took a turn for the worse, and I pretty much went insane. I started getting so many horrible mental problems, but it was like I didn't care about any of them.  It turned part of my mind into somthing that wasn't me, somthing that was completly backwards from me.

I decided to stop taking paxil, but I made the mistake of stopping it all at once.  The next month ended up being the worst depression I had ever been in, although I felt absolutely no desire to take any paxil.  A month later, I was back to my normal self and I easily dealt with my anxiety problems with the help of some psilocybin mushrooms.

A couple of days ago I took a 30 mg paxil because I was curious, and I wanted to observe what was going on in my mind when I took it.

I first felt kind of shaky, and I kept yawning, and whenever I yawned my eyes would water and my chest would feel strange.  The typical effects of paxil that I remembered.  So what was it that made me go insane?  I felt perfectly normal other than the body effects.

Then I went to bed, but I realized that I could not sleep.  Suddenly I started to feel really cold.  Then a wave of nausea hit me as my teeth chattered.  I layed there in bed feeling a horrible feeling of freezing deathly chills going through my body and quite extreme nausea.

Then I started to feel really hot, and sweaty, but my teeth still chattered.  Feeling hot made the nausea even worse, so I had to run to the bathroom.  On the way to the bathroom, my coordination was all messed up, I kept almost falling down, and bumping into walls.

After throwing up like 3 times in a row, I only had enough energy to lay by the toilet in the bathroom, an absolutely horrible feeling.

That's when the psychosis hit me, I kept feeling extreme waves of paranoia, and when I shut my eyes I would see images of things I was doing, and I really thought I was there.

I layed there the whole night, the nausea kept coming in waves, as I would get hot, the cold, off and on all night.  Finally, in the morning of what seemed like the longest night ever, I started to feel better.  I didn't sleep at all that night, but the next day, I felt like I had gotten tons of sleep.

Also, ever since I took that, a depression has been plaguing me, but i'm sure it will go away soon.

Now I know that I will never do Paxil, or any SSRI for that matter again.