1 cup, 2 cup, 3 cup, 4 – 
I wasn't getting high so I drank three cups more....

(Filled a tea ball each time.)

Next day I felt like a stick figure. Like my arms, legs and torso were the breadth of a pencil line. I felt pressed and stretched out, and like I was viewing everything from a few inches above and behind my head. This feeling was slight, not overwhelming.

Having felt similar sensations during meditation, I paid it no mind. 

Then at 1 in the morning, watching "Outer Limits" in the dark with my sister, **30 hours after my last cup,** everything goes spherical – like, whatever I was looking at was sort of warped like when you get a new pair of glasses, and far away at the same time as though I were seeing it from the wrong end of a pair of binoculars. Physically I felt as though I were falling backwards and into myself. I'd close my eyes and a void space would engulf me.

I ran up into my room and tried to meditate, but every time I closed my eyes I saw phantoms -- chromatic abstract figures -- humans, plants, star trek type humanoids -- trying to coerce my soul to leave my body for good, using spiritual 'gravimetrics' to disalign me from my body and bring me out of myself. NOT FUN. At the same time, my heart rate was so slow and shallow I thought I would have a heart attack.

Luckly for me I had niacin (Vitamin B3) in the house in 500mg capsules (my pop loves this stuff -- don't ask me why). So I take 2, then 1 every hour after. Then to flush myself out, I started drinking iced tea -- wound up drinking a gallon of it over the course of the night, sitting in my backyard, pondering life and death – the meaning of my own. 

I started conceiving everything – my surroundings, even ideas and the ways others have influenced me, etc. -- as narrow threads of energy that branched out from an ocean of such energy threads into my navel. And now these threads were being plucked and twanged at by phantoms trying to dislodge them from myself.

I woke up in the afternoon with the effects still there – feeling physically distended, phantoms trying to grab at the cords of energy that keep me embodied whenever I closed my eyes, the center of my brain feeling like it was being clenched by a fist. 

By dinnertime I'd been peaked out on periwinkle for 18 hours. I was going out of my skull thinking I'd be stuck in this state forever. And it wasn't helping that I was having dinner with my family while they watched "Rocky" dubbed en espanol, at top volume. 

After dinner I go to my pop: 'Dad, I think you need to take me to the hospital... I drank  funny tea….' My pop gives me this looo-nng look down his nose and puckers his lips sideways, all haughty-like, as if to say **going to the hospital for a bad trip is something only for losers who can't handle their drugs.**

So he takes me into my room, lights up a moxa stick, takes the hawk feather I found in a field upstate New York, and fans the smoke over my chest and belly for a couple minutes while chit-chatting to the "things" he told me were making me sick, having made their home in my viscera. I won't tell you my old man's technique, but in about 15 minutes I was feeling pretty damn straight.

I only took it one time after, and all I experienced was torpor and slight dehydration after a cup or two.