Here I will try to write as objectively as possible, although I'm convinced that tripping on shrooms is so personal and subjective that, unlike weed, what with its predictable effects, experiences may vary tremendously, and thus my own experience should not be taken as "the norm."  Nonetheless, there were a few common elements which endured throughout my trip, which I would guess characterize most trips.

I should start by mentioning that I am 18 years old, and that this was my first trip.  I should also mention that I didn't eat the entire eighth, as I gave a couple stems to my friend who was ambivalent about sampling more than this.

It was a beautiful day.  I had eaten a big lunch a few hours earlier, and thus it took about one and one half hour for me to start to feel the significant (hallucinatory) effects.  Before this time I merely felt relaxed and mildly euphoric.  The first hallucinatory effect I noticed was the "breathing" phenomenon.  In my case, it was the earth that breathed slowly, perpetually.  I found that only while staring (as I was outside, I fixed my eyes on the trees), my vision began to do weird things.  For example, while staring at a triangular bunch of leaves, that shape began to repeat itself everywhere.  Still staring, the grass illuminated to a light, "teletubby green," and I found myself in a sort of glossy, bright meadow.  When I moved my eyes, this meadow faded.  I told my friend that I was really tripping, and I laughed – not a ridiculous, THC-induced laugh, but rather a short chuckle of content.

At this point, with my sober friend beside me, I decided it was time for me to take a walk alone.  My thoughts, in contradistinction to those which occur while drunk or high, were quite lucid, although I felt like I was in a mysterious and magical world.  I put on my ipod and began walking toward what looked like a giant gnome being dragged by his hands.  I knew that it was only some kind of light fixture, but I wanted to go see it anyway.  When I got there I found that it was a tacky artificial illumination of a tree in someone's front yard.  Yet at this moment it looked so beautifully magical.  The fact that I was able to make the distinction between reality and my own drug-induced version thereof is what perhaps made the experience so enjoyable.

By this point it was dark out, and about two and a half hours into my trip, I was past the peak, although still very much under the influence.  As I listened to music, I realized that it was much more enjoyable to listen to mixes with which I was already familiar, rather than listening to unknown songs, which, unpredictable, made me feel less happy.  I remember identifying with the "essence" of each song.  For example, when listening to flamenco music, my world became suddenly romantically antiquated.  I also remember thinking that I understood why the artists wrote the songs they did.  For example, while listening to the seductive vocals of Gotan Project, I began to think that the female vocalist sang thus in order to create a sexy "essential self" toward which her "existential self" would always be striving.  Also at this point, I began to 'will' my trip.  For example, I told myself that I could make believe I was flying, and, indeed, I no longer noticed my legs, I seemed to be gliding very quickly - almost teleporting into the distance.

By this point, my trip consisted of a series of breezy questions, floating ephemerally in and out of my head.  It was the direct opposite of neurosis and paranoia, I can best describe it as felicitous, philosophical introspection, whereby I came to no conclusions and didn't really form many words in my head.  I laid on my back, still listening to my ipod, and stargazed, which made me feel very small and yet very connected to each small component of the universe.  I remember feeling very happy upon seeing a man walking the dog with his daughter.  By this point I was coming back down, it felt like coming back down from being stoned.

Physically, the trip was almost entirely wonderful.  My lips and jaw, but mostly my lips, became numb, and I gained the incredible ability to isolate feeling all over my body.  I distinctly remember the feeling of the breeze isolated on my arm.  This is the phenomenon known as being able to "feel everything at once."  I also remember feeling that my glasses were very secure goggles through which my trip was taking place.  I took them off to see the difference.  The only uncomfortable thing was the mild sense of nausea the shrooms gave me in my stomach, I remember feeling them in me, as if they were, like a fire, letting off heat – but even this very slight nausea was almost comforting.

Waking up the next day I couldn't believe I was no longer in a mysterious, magical world.  Doing shrooms was one of the best things I've ever done.  Although it's not as fun as, for example, partying with a lot of friends (since it's solitary), it made me appreciate those "good times" more than ever.  I would say the experience was like being a knowledgeable baby, exploring a mysterious and deeply pathetic (in the emotional sense) world, wherein I was trying to understand my proper place.  Ultimately, I came to no profound conclusions, although the experience has left me with a tremendous appreciation of life and my own lifestyle.

I look forward to doing shrooms again.