Scary.

Never have I met a drug that scared me like 2CT7 did, and believe me I've done my share(LSD, shrooms, AMT, 4-AcO-DET, 5-MeO-DMT, etc..).  After an initial trial of ~10-15mg oral a while back (with reasonably good results), two friends and I decided to finally finish the rest of it that I had kicking around for months.  We split up about 75mg of T7 powder into 3 piles and dissolved it in water.  Pulling into the Astral Projection party we were headed to, we downed the t7; this was at midnight.

In about 30-45 minutes, the effects started to really kick in and increased in intensity over a span of an hour or two.  This was all great, my visuals were crazy intense, like a flowing tartan pattern distorting my vision.  Dancing was engaging and my thoughts ran all over the place.  All told, a very intense psychedelic trip.  My vision was heavily distorted the whole night, as is common with 2CT7 trips.

My timeline is a little sketchy after this, but at some point I had a radical shift in perspective.  I realized that i could not die.  I felt that, whatever the circumstance, death was simply non-issue.  This seemed very normal.  I can't explain the feeling, but intense dissociation comes to mind.  The life/death cosmic connection of 5-MeO-DMT is maybe the closest comparison.  I remember thinking that I could die at any moment and still be happy and that I would continue to exist.  I think i extended this mindset to everyone else as well.  A very good friend of mine who was at the party (and only smoking weed) told me the next day that I had walked up to him and said 'Dude, I could shoot you right between the eyes right now and I wouldn't even fucking care'. I imagine not because i wanted to or intended to, but simply because such an action would be non issue as far as i knew.  Understandably, this upset him greatly and he left the party (which I discovered later).  I am usually a very mellow and kind person and have never even considered killing anyone or myself before.

My memories of the night are scattered and i am missing large blocks and orders of events, but I remember later at the party getting very vocal and yelling about things I only partly remember.  My ego took off at one point and I remember feeling like the most powerful person in the world.  I also totally lost it.  I vaguely remember breaking a bottle (i think? maybe other stuff too) and I'm told I threw a computer monitor at someone (which thankfully didn't break or hurt anyone).  As this happened, two of my friends restrained me and took me out of the club (before security did).  Apparently, outside I was spewing all kinds of fucked up nonsense about all kinds of shit.  Some of it was pretty offensive and the rest was mostly psychotic.  I remember very little of all of this.  Leaving the party was at about 5am.

My friends proceeded to walk me home during which they had to stop me from running into cars and randomly entering houses and buildings.  I remember thinking that existence was a game and that the subjective reality that I had experienced all my life was a joke that had been played on me by all the people involved in my life.  My thoughts were scattered and my speech was erratic.  I am told that I would get caught in loops, saying the same things over and over again to the point where my friends said they could predict exactly what I was going to say.

When I got home(~5:20) I was certianly more composed and my memories are much more clear after this.  Still, I was talking a lot of shit and was all over the place.  I broke a glass and remember wanting to break all my stuff because I wouldn't need it(?).  I was going to break the door to my apartment to get in, but my friend stopped me and got the key from my pocket.

I lost my wallet that night, presumably on the 'walk' home.  Thankfully someone found it in the street and turned it in the following day, but that doesn't excuse that I lost it.

I'm lucky that I didn't hurt anyone and I'm lucky I didn't get arrested.  I feel terrible about how I acted and the things I did and it scared me shitless later thinking about how little control I had.  I am incredibly fortunate to have absolutely amazing friends who basically saved my ass big time.  I can't imagine what would have happened if I was at the party alone.  Unfortunately, I have now to deal with the fact that I scared the shit out of my friend (who I told I could shoot) and who is still very uneasy about the whole situation.  I also behaved like a total ass and had to put my friends in the terrible position of seeing me in that state.

I napped incredibly poorly off and on all day and never really fell asleep until that night around 9 or 10 pm.  I slept for about 12 hours and felt rested.

This was by far the freakiest drug experience I have ever had, and while T7 can be a wonderful trip, anything with this fine a line between good and terrible simply cannot be trusted.  Let this be a strong warning to those interested in experimenting with this drug.