I was at a good friend of mine's party. We had done a bit of drinking that night but I wasn't hammered to the point where I couldnt control what I was doing. Around 10pm, W arrives and comes down to the basement asking who would like to try salvia. Feeling generally invincible from the alchohol, I accepted. 

We went outside and he loaded half the one gram bag into the bowl, expecting me to just hit it a little  bit and pass it to someone else. Unfortunately I had no idea what the effective dose was, and assumed he meant for me to down the whole bowl in one strong lungful. I put my arms to my sides, W said 'in 2 minutes C (me) is gunna go crazy.' It was more like 30 seconds...

What I saw:

What W said was the last coherent thought I would have for the next 50 or so minutes. Immediately after, everything in my field of vision swayed, then melted into itself. I found myself in a long bright orange tunnel, and in a state of complete terror. I was screaming in the tunnel running with every effort I had trying to escape from the tunnel and back to reality. I reached the end, and because I thought had died, I interpreted the bright light at the end of it to be God. The bright figured then spoke, 'C put on your pants!' he said, which confused me quite a bit. (It was my friend W who was talking to me). I tried to say 'I can't I'm melting into the bed.' But because I didnt feel like I was in my body, there was a delay between when I would order my lips to move and when it would actually happen. (My speech was really slurred). 

So, closing my eyes again, I began to melt through the bed, through the floor past the main floor and into the basement. When I awakened fully I was in my buddies bed, quite inebriated from the alchohol still and never wanting to repeat this terrifying experience again. 

What everyone else saw:

Right after what W said about me goin crazy in 2 minutes, I conked out, my body sprawled over a very short thick wire fence. I then slipped off the fence and proceeded to huddle in a ball screaming loudly 'AHH AHH'. They carried me inside the house and put me on the bed to relax but apparently I was twitching, screaming and flailing my arms like a madman. W stayed with me to make sure I didnt do anything to injure myself, and 50 minutes or so after smoking I was good to go again, feeling generally positive but more wary about putting things into my body I know nothing about.

Overall it was a good experience for me.