I am a very experienced benzodiazepine user having tested high doses of many benzos over the years but now use them only very occasionally for sleep, cutting speed runs short and controlling trip anxiety as needed. It's been weeks since I last did a benzo but my doctor suggested that a new non-benzodiazepine hypnotic may be safer when I need a sleep aid. Here's what happened:

With 7.5 mg

9:00PM Decide I want to turn in early and take 7.5mg zopiclone in preparation for bed well before 10:00. I sit by the TV with a glass of water.

9:30PM Already notice the start of the effects. Pure benzodiazepine wonderful sedation without too much confusion. I would say this is pretty potent and equivalent to 15-20 mg diazepam. I get the feeling I'm going to drift of nicely soon.

9:40PM Just enjoying the experience which by now has turned into mild euphoria and a dream-like state. I get up to walk to the fridge and notice my ataxia and heavy limbs. It's a bit more like being drunk than just a pure benzo but equally pleasant.

9:55PM I decide to try a few activities to see how the drug is affecting me. I can barely score on any computer game although this doesn't detract from my enjoyment. I try to watch a film but can't pay attention.

10:15PM Dozed-off by the television and woke up gently with strong sedation and an inability to focus on anything visual. I've never had visual effects like this with benzos. It feels like I've taken 40mg diazepam and a quarter of a blotter of acid, i.e. a bit trippy but VERY sedated and hard to remember. I go to bed.

With 15mg

10:00PM Next day. Try two tablets with water and sit in front of the TV.

10:25PM Already notice sedation and typical benzodiazepine-like sedation and mild euphoria. This steadily increases as I stare at the TV doing nothing but enjoying the relaxation.

10:45PM Feel very sedated and feel I should retire to bed. Very heavy limbs and marked ataxia making it dangerous to take on too much. There is also a strong taste similar to garlic in my mouth, but I have eaten no garlic. Make journey around the house stopping and sitting for a few minutes. I felt ready to sleep but unlike other benzos, I had difficulty focusing on visuals and there was a distinct dream-like distortion.

11:15 The sedation is intense and I am forced to go to sleep.

From my experience, zopiclone was virtually indistinguishable from a benzo except that it seemed to produce more of a drunken (but not unpleasant) feeling and it was VERY fast acting. There was less memory loss that benzos and there seemed to be a distinct visual distortion which may be compared to dreams or very small doses of acid. Unlike any other benzodiazepine this compound seems particular apt to send me to sleep as well as provide a good anti-anxiety effect.