The beginning of summer in 2000, memorial day weekend to be exact, I consciously left my body on journey of an alternative reality.  My setting was a music festival in California.  I thought I was injesting 10-20 hits of good liquid LSD.  I find out later I got a 'Chunk' in the last of the bottle.  A tiny little Crystal of LSD.

I really don't think I was in the appropriate setting for this type of extensive interfacing but there I was.  In the Moment.  Past Present and Future lined up into one and created a lattice work of moving eternity so I jumped on.  I went through many synchronicities lining up people in my life events coming into place.  At one point in the reality I was in I Birthed universes for the future or past or the infinte.  Time has a funny way of bending and contorting in this altered state.  

The birthing process brought me closer to oneness.  I had a hard time re-entering my body.  Everything turned to ones and zero's and negitive one like on the internet.  I actually felt like The planet had a big net over it and to re-enter I had to go through it.  Very unpleasent in a digital way.  The most interesting thing happened to me after this experience.  My eye color changed for three days.  I have green eyes and after this experience I had bright piercing electric blue eyes.  People around me were commenting as well as my boyfriend.

I have made an explanation to my self about this.  How scientifically sound it is I don't know.  I know lighter eyes let more light in them.  So on my journey I believe I interfaced so much with so much light(truth) that my eye color adapted to that frequency of learning on that level.  As far as set and setting, the universes I birthed there was me pissing my self here, I ended up hanging out with rock med.  I would not trade my experience for ANYTHING.  I also woundn't take such a high dosage of any thing in a festival setting with out someplace to go where you can let it all out if need be.  It is important to have acess to a space on this demension that can haddle your body mimicking what is going on in other demensions you may be traveling. I use this and all other alternative reality experiences every day to further the study of self. 

It is funny how one experience can impact you so intensely that it is still teaching you in a year.  This memorial day weekend I attended MINDSTATES2.