I was feeling really down for a weak. I felt very depressed and very bored. I was self loathing. It's probably because I had stopped smoking weed and stopped doing a certain white powdery substances. I knew that these feelings were normal after quitting substances like weed and coke. They were just boring me, and doing these drugs in excess is not necessary if necessary at all. 

A little while back I discovered the joy of using schrooms, it was a spirtual experience and I learned a lot from what I said under the influence. After doing schrooms I felt more connected to the earth and happier. It really made me want to try more hallucinogens. This is what made me want to try salvia. I heard about it and heard people's experiences with it. However I always do my own research, and in doing so, decided to try it. In my research I read an article were a woman-smoked salvia on regular basis in order to fight her depression. So I also figured this might be another reason to try it since I was feeling very low.

I got some 5x extract and packed a bowl with about .3g. I made a crappy homemade bong with a Pepsi bottle and my bowl, since I read smoking the salvia in as big hits as possible is best. I smoke the thing in about 3 or 4 big hits within in a minute. I started to feel the effects after the 2 hit but when I was done with 4th hit it really kicked in. I almost felt like I was in a different place. I had Dave Matthews band playing in the back round, lying in our graves I think its called, and I was staring at an Alex Grey poster called 'ONE.' The pattern of the poster filled up the entire wall and it was a rush. This lasted for about 10 seconds and was the coolest thing I have ever witnessed. Then I turned around in my revolving chair and looked at my other poster, really trippy design. Of course the thing was moving around and the patterns were cool, but this is when I really felt connected to everything. I all of sudden came to this agreement with myself that hey 'I'm alive and here and this is great, I shouldn't feel depressed and sad, everything is apart of everything and no one is ever alone, life is fun and full of experiences, I'm just in a low point and it will get better. How can you enjoy the sun if it never rains?' That's pretty much the conclusion I came too about life. And the song just was so relaxing in the background; with the violin and saxophone it was great. I was in this state for a total of 10 minutes, then the effects started to die down slowly for the next 20 minutes. 

The rest of the day I felt really great. I was relaxed and really enjoying my day. The rest of week was great too; in fact I haven't really been depressed at all. Maybe the salvia got my endorphins flowing again. It was a little rough on the lungs but only taking 4 hits really made up for the roughness. I also like the fact that all the experience takes up is 30 minutes and there is no real negative after effects. No hangover, no tiredness, no munchies, just normal. Salvia is one of my favorites. I will do again, but in moderation unlike other things I have done in the past.