Two days ago i sat in my room and decided i wanted to take opium for the first time. a few days before a friend and i had raided a farmers field in my area that was growing papaver somniferum (verified 100% authentcity) and liberated around 200 nice pods. i bled about 100 of them and got a long stick of smokeable opium (no idea about weights). with the rest i intended on saving some for making tea which i had heard was a lot better than smoking but for the majority i was going to crunch em up, brew them and extract opium from them (as you do for hash oil) because i was damn sick of bleeding the bitches. i got a little plastic box thing and added 4 dried, crushed pods that had already been bled and cut up 11 fresh ones into it. i then put in enough water to cover them and added some lemon juice cos i heard it was good. 

at this point i had no intention of drinking it. 
i left it overnight and it went an odd milky piss colour. at 12 o clock in the morning my parents went out so i decided to smoke some. this was where things started to go wrong. i cut about 1 small bead's worth, or 4 match heads, and placed it on some tin foil and chased the dragon. i didnt really know what to expect from that but nothing seemed to happen (probably because of chasing the dragon) so i tried to pipe a little bit more. my pipe was pretty blocked so i gave up and, inevitably, my eyes turned to the bottle half full of that yellow liquid. i sipped abit and decided to add about 9 tsp of sugar because it was so dirty. this did nothing to the taste so i went to my bathroom stood by my toilet and downed half of it. it was extremely hard not to heave. i returned to my room and watched eastenders??? listening to dire straits???. being the stupidly impatient person that i am 20 minutes later i was back in the bathroom dry heaving into my toilet after downing the rest of the goo. this was now about 1. 

at around half one a friend (call him garth) came over with the intention of recording with me. ha! obviously at the time i thought nothign was happening. by the time garth got here i was stumbling around, at this time i didnt feel very sick just very stoned and extremely dizzy. i remember puking once and then the sick feeling starting. at 10 past 2 i looked at the clock and said to garth something like 'whoah i hope this ends soon, another three hours would be nasty' (i remembered reading that oral doses last 4-6 hours. time now became nothing to me and i found myself next door jamming at 'beverages' house. i remember almost nothing of this period except regular trips to the side of his garage to puke. i then proceeded to sit in an armchair and watch beverage play guitar and garth my bass. i remember it was so hard to keep my eyes open it was like i hadnt slept for days. whenever i shut my eyes i couldnt hear what they were doing. to cut a horribly long story short i remember the intoxicated feeling stopping about 12 and still having contracted pupils at around 1 in the morning. i was puking on average every twenty minutes, seemingly as soon as water id drank had settled. 

at two in the morning i smoked one pipe of draw to try and settle my stomach. i proceeded to vomit blood for a while and think i was going to die. at about four in the morning the regular puking stopped and i found an hours sleep was possible. when i woke up i felt a lot better and the last time i puked was at around half ten in the morning! 
i  am certain i overdosed and cant even think about poppies or draw anymore without feeling sick again. this is no warning against opium or cannabis. this is a warning about being stupid and impatient and not taking recommended doses. at the moment i dont think ill ever fuck with p. somniferum again and the future for draw doesnt look good either. lesson learnt, lesson taught. peace out.