Well, being bored one night I remembered having about 15 Ultram(tramadol) in my possesion.  How they got there is another story.  Anyhow, after reading extensively into this topic, (as I do whenever I try any new drug.)  I wanted to see what 150 mg would do.  I had previously tried 50 and 100 Mg which did nothing.  I later found out that they might have if I would've waited long enough before saying 'fuck it' and going to sleep.  

So, I went upstairs and popped 3 of the 50mg pills.  I glanced at the clock, it read 11:10.  I was very excited to see what would happen.  I retreated to the computer to read experience reports about other drugs and mess around on the internet.  After about 20 minutes I decided I needed a stronger dose, so I popped another one.  2 hours had passed with no effects what so ever, and I totally gave up on Ultram as a recreational drug, thinking any of the effects described in experience reports we're purely a manifestation of the mind.  Most likely the placebo effect.  As I walked upstairs sad and defeated, the onset hit me.  It felt incredably good.  I was clearheaded and felt kind of out of myself. Pure Euphoria!  I dimmed the lights and turned the TV on low.  I felt like I was on top of the world.  I would sometimes get lost in a train of thought and could be carried off to whatever I was thinking about.  It was like a lucid dream when I closed my eyes.  

I turned the TV off and just basked in the wonderfulness of this awesome drug.  These effects stayed with me for a few hours, until I felt like I should get some sleep, around 3:30.  At first it was difficult but it's always difficult for me to fall asleep.  I was out in about 15 minutes.  I had very pleasent dreams all through the night.  I woke up feeling some slight nausea, and a little tired, but nothing like a hangover or anything.  I still felt great, and I never threw up or anything.  All in all I must say this experience was definately worth it!  It was one of the greatest feelings ever.  I would do it again, and probably will.