Well I woke up Saturday morning, first thing I thought was 'I must trip today.' I knew I wouldn't be able to get acid that quickly , but I did know I could get shrooms. I've only done acid once, and I figured that I could have a good time on the shrooms (never done them before).

Around 11:30 am my friend sold me the mushrooms and I ate them. About an hour later I was really feeling the effects of the shrooms. Alone in a park laying on a gravel hill, I simply laid there for a few hours cloud tripping and coming to grips with some of my inner feelings and emotions that I generally try to avoid thinking about, such as how I feel towards the relationship I have with my mother and drugs. About halfway through the trip I got very sad, and realized how much I wanted a relationship with my mother (we never get along) and I began to get very sad. But that passed soon and I continued to enjoy my trip, laughing non stop.

Around 6 pm the effects of the mushrooms were nearly all gone, and I decided that the night would not be complete without some weed and a friend to smoke with. This is where I made a mistake I will regret for days to come. I invited a friend of mine over who happens to be a huge drug addict (spends all his money on coke, lsd, heroin, xanax etc). So he comes over with a bunch of 1mg xanax pills and I ate 3mg  (I was under the impression that it would just make me feel really calm and chill when we would smoke. Oh was I so wrong. My friend and I walked to the local village to hang out. This was when things got bad. I don't remember what happend that night but from talking to friends, I was completely fucked up (bought a whole pizza, left a huge mess at the pizza parlor, now I'm not allowed back there, etc.) next thing I know, I wake up in my room at 7pm the next day with oreos, ice cream and peanuts all over the floor.

I still have no recollection of what happened that night but I'm never ever hanging out with that kid again since he lied to me about how fucked up I would get off that xanax. When I woke up sunday I felt incredibly depressed, partially because I didn't remember anything and I was mad at my friend for giving me these drugs , and telling me that I would be fine off them. I definitely was not fine since I'm not allowed back at the pizza place and my room was trashed. I ended up sitting in my room crying for about 20 minutes filled with mixed emotions about what happened on the xanax and the mushrooms, and thinking about my friend who used to be a cool nice guy who's addicted to heroin and many other drugs. I'd say that overall, I learned that I'm never ever doing xanax again to that degree because for all I know, I could have killed someone that night and not even remembered it.