To sum up my experience... It sucked. It was the first time I had ever been high, and unfortunately, I got REALLY FUCKING high!

I had been convinced that I had an immunity to everything. I had tried pot, salvia d., alcohol, sinichuichi, and lettuce opium, and had never gotten any results. But last night, that was not the case!

I was spending the night at my friends house, and the idea of smoking in his room really freaked me out because his parents were upstairs. So from the start I was pretty paranoid. I packed a big bowl and put some peices of sinichuichi resin on top. We shared the first bowl, and after it, my friend said he had enough and was already feeling it. I was still convinced that I was getting nowhere so I packed another big bowl and smoked it all myself. 

Now that I look back on it, this next part is pretty funny. I looked at my friend and was like 'Dammit, this always happens. I never.. Wait a sec. Holy crap.. Wooaaa' and I fell to the ground. I felt extremely uneasy and detached from myself. I felt extremely uneasy and detached from myself. It felt like my soul was rotating forward away from my body, and once I related this to this one time that I was possessed (or something), I started panicking. It felt like I was in a dream and I had no clue what I was really doing. I kept begging my friend to tell me what I had done... And he just said I told him I felt weird, but he was just lying to get me to calm down. Whenever I tried to talk I couldn't make any sense and my voice was slurred and whiney. Strangely, my vision was extremely clear and colors were vibrant. I didn't give a shit though, it was too scary to appreciate! I assume the vision clarity and stuff was from the sinichuichi. I spent the longest time trying to clean up some pot that was on the ground, and kept trying to talk and stuff. The worst part was that this lasted for 8 hours! It was hell! I managed to get asleep for a little while, but kept having to wake up to get water, and while I went to get water, it was apparent to me that I was still really inebriated. Actually, we started smoking at 2 in the morning today.. And now it is 4 in the afternoon and I am still pretty high.

During all of this, my friend was extremely high too, even though I did 3 times as much as him. I wish I would have stopped when he did, because he seemed to be enjoying himself and really liked how the sinichuichi made his posters look cool. I'm glad he had fun. I did not.. And still am not. I am not going to get high again, because I like being able to use my mind and being able to communicate effectively. I think I have broken the barrier that was keeping me from being able to get high, so maybe I might be able to enjoy small amounts in the future, but I'm never doing that much again!