I have been using Piracetam episodically for approximately 10 years.
I have a very positive experience with this substance at approximate dosages of 1200 to 2400 mg per day over a period of 4 to 6 weeks, spaced apart 2-3 months.

The effects always include improved intellectual performance (I took LSAT before starting Piracetam regimen witha score of 160, I took it again while on 2400 mg of Piracetam with a score of 174. Those of you familiar with LSAT can appreciate significance of this increase), improved ability to study, mild euphoric stimulation (comparable to 1/2 bag of crystal meth, but without craving for more), decreased cravings for tobacco (I'm heavy smoker), increased libido, sence of well-being and general mood improvement. I haven't noticed any negative symptoms, other than maybe obsessive 'number-crunching' if given a chance.

However the experiences I would like to share are related to the combinations of Piracetam with other substances, namely MDMA, LSD and methamphetamine. In my opinion these substances produce profound effects while used in combination with Piracetam.

MDMA

After beginning using MDMA in a more or less regular manner back in 1998, I have rapidly built tolerance to it, to the point that some describe as 'loss of magic' effect. In my case it meant that I could've consumed as many as 10 tablets within 2 hours, yet still was unable to roll. I have tried to take a break for as long as 3 months, in hopes that I will be able to experience effects again -- all in vain. Then, after yet another unsuccessful roll, I felt like my brains were screaming for help, so I decided to begin a Piracetam regimen. After 3 days of taking 2400 mg per day, I went to a little rave in the neighboring town. As X was abundant, I decided to give it a try once again. It was unforgettable. 1 smiley face pill (same kind I was trying before) had sent me rolling like the very first time. I have also noticed that I had some visuals, which didn't happen to me before (mostly 'star wars -- light speed' effects, while all lights suddenly become rays warping you into some amazing tunnel. In two more days I rolled again, and again it was indeed ecstatic. Morning-after effects also seem way milder with Piracetam, e-tardation is not present. Ever since I had no problems rolling. My girlfriend followed my example with similar results. I would strongly recommend using Piracetam to increase desirable effects of MDMA, while decreasing hangover.


After my experience with combining Piracetam & MDMA, I have attempted combining it with other drugs as well. I have noticed that it almost kills DXM and Special K effects. However the situation is drastically different  with...

LSD

Once again, my tolerance to LSD is rather high, and my normal dosage is 10 to 20 hits, followed by as many in a few hours. LSD is by far my favorite and most frequently used substance, however I do not use it as a party drug, I prefer to use it as a door-to-another-dimension-trance-inducing-out-of-body-experience-god-awakening-turning-myself-into-input-sponge sacrament. The first time I used LSD with Piracetam, I only had 4 hits of blotter left, and was unable to obtain more. So I took a single dose of 2400 mg of Piracetam and followed in 2 hours with my modest reserve of LSD. In 15(!!!!!!!) minutes I began to feel the trip, as a tsunami wave swallowing me In 1-2 more minutes, I was looking at my hands as they became transparent and disappeared. I was gone: for the next 50,000,000 years (or 10 hours) to the sound of Allure, Van Buuren and Camaya Painters I was flying at light speed through the universe, seeing galaxies and insides of cells, flying along DNA of T-rex, traveling through time, reading some ancient accounting books with regard to transactions in cattle among 17th century farmers, confessing my love to my girlfriend, stopping the motor of the world (as John Galt) and laughing at founding fathers, desperately trying to make a candy out of pile of shit. My girlfriend, who wasn't tripping, later told me that I was doing things, like making pizza, coffee, smoking, yet whenever she would ask me something, she would immediately realize how far I was gone.

As I began to come back, we went to the lake, then to walk in the forest. I was feeling so wonderful, so happy. In 12 more hours I went to sleep, woke up after 3 hours, refreshed, fully functional, attended all of my appointments for the very busy day and retired in front of the TV, watching Beavis and Butthead. It was one of the deepest trips I have ever been on. And the happiest one. I have repeated this experience many times since, in different surroundings, and details were different as well. Yet all of Piracetam + LSD trips had one thing in common -- they were profoundly powerful, although LSD dosage was 1/4 to 1/2 of what I usually take without Piracetam.

Methamphetamine

Meth is more intense, more happy, I need a lot less of meth, if combining it with 2400 mg of Piracetam. The most important part however is that even though I usually have a very hard crash from meth, accompanied by painful cravings, Piracetam seem to eliminate it totally. I just gradually come down and go to sleep.

From all my experiences with combining Piracetam with other drugs, I have concluded the following (please don't hold me to scientific soundness -- it is my mere opinion). Piracetam does not interfere with depressants & narcotics. It diminishes effects of dissociatives (DXM and Special K)(although I need more experimenting here) But it increases many folds effects of stimulants and hallucinogens, while decreases or eliminates negative symptoms. Once again -- this is my subjective experience, do not interpret it as an advice. Drugs are illegal, and the government is insane. This is a bad combination. But Piracetam + LSD is the good one :-)

Amestigon