The first time I tried datura was in Isreal, where it's pretty common ( it's also pretty common in Southern Africa, where I come from. Malpitte is Afrikaans for mad seeds, in case anybody's interested.)

There where three of us and we each took about two heaped teaspoons of raw mature seeds. The seeds go red when they mature and turn a reddish brown  if you dry them out. We tried the seeds a few times after that and found the mature ones to give the best (well strongest anyway) effect.

The first thing I noticed was that my mouth was really dry and had a really bad taste. After about a half an hour I could feel that I was really starting to trip. It was the last coherent thought I had for fifteen hours.
During the trip I had very little control over my mind or my body. It was like I was awake and acting out my dreams.  Most of what I remember about the trip was pieced together when I finally came down. I don't really remember any chronological order for the events that took place. To this day all I remember are flashes of really wierd hullucinations.

We had taken the seeds at about ten in the evening. The three of us where staying on a construction site that we were working on, so we had the place to ourselves. There where two girls staying with us at the time who baby-sat us for the evening, if it wasn't for them I think someone (probably me) could have got really hurt. Here's a tip, don't take these things in a half completed building with lots of sharp objects and power tools lying around.

After an hour I must have got really hot, because I took all my clothes off, by this time I was apparantly incapable of of saying anything. Gillian told me afterwards that every time I tried to say somethin I would just mumble a few incoherent words. Then I would get upset and concentrate on what I was trying to say. As soon as I opened my mouth to try again the same thing would happen. I remember feeling very frustrated that I could not communicate with the outside world. I also remember almost breaking out in tears because I really felt like I had to take a piss but nothing would come out, my bladder felt uncomfortable the entire evening.

Like I said I don't remember the whole trip, I was told the next day that I once I was naked I got down on my hands and knees and started pushing one of those big garbage cans around with my nose. I do remember people speaking to me and not being able to see them. I could see the rest of my surroundings perfectly. If someone was standing directly in front of me I could see right through them, it's difficult to explain but I could see object that people where standing in front of, but I couldn't see them.. Gillian told me later that at one stage she was speaking to me and I kept looking around to see where she was. 

The most pleasant part of the trip was the next morning. I woke up in bed (I don't know if I had slept or not.) I couldn't remember anything from the night before. I sat up and started reading a book, after a few pages I realised that there was no book there. For about two hours I had the most incredibly realistic hullucinations, reading books, having conversations with old friends that were on the other side of the world, and reading a huge three dimensional animated novel that appeared on the wall. I didn't remember even taking anything the night before and occasionally I would snap back into reality and think I had gone mad. Then another hullicination would begin and I'd get sucked back into the madness. The state I was in differed from the night before in that I was more in control of my concious functions and I can remember the hullucinations and the time frame clearly.

Eventually I fell asleep again and when I woke up I was down. I felt terrible for about two days my mouth was dry and i felt like someone had shat in it, my stomach felt like there was lead in it and I couldn't focus my eyes until the next day. One thing we did notice on subsequent trips was that even people who had stopped smoking up to a year before would think they where busy smoking a cigarette, suddenly they would realise it wasn't there and start hunting for it on the floor as though they'd dropped it. I don't know if that's worth mentioning, but I thought it was pretty interesting.