The night started off innocently enough;  a birthday party for a friend that degenerated into a pool of drooling drug fiends!  No, really, it was quite an enjoyable and laid back evening.  Two of the participants were on some cubensis mushroom tea and the birthday girl and her boyfriend were on pure psilocybin, whereas I chose the 20 mg of 2CT-2, something I had yet to try and I knew would be on a similar time course to the mushrooms.

Earlier that day, I had eaten breakfast and light lunch of soup.  I waited until the people drinking the cubensis tea to finish their liquid before I took my capsule, along with the psilocybin takers.  This was at about 6 pm and after passing a small joint of low grade cannabis around.  I believe I may have had a beer before hand as well, but then switched to water.  

The first alert came in the bathroom when I went to relieve my self at about T+20.  I noticed a distinct psychedelic body awareness that was separate from the mild cannabis high.  I also noticed myself engaging less and less in the conversation.  It wasn't that I didn't have anything to say, or felt uncomfortable, but it seemed like I felt more and more that what I had to say was somewhat meaningless, so I abstained.

The upswing was gradual, and built up first in kinesthetic awareness/distortions and a general pleasant body high. This was enhanced by my friend's bass cannon that he built and had on his home stereo that greatly enhanced the bass in the room (particuarly on one lazy-boy chair).  Slight tracers were evident at about T+45, but the visuals really didn't kick in until about T+60 and peaked at about T+90.

The peak lasted about an hour.  The visuals consisted of mild visual field distortions.  This was enhanced by the atmosphere of LED christmas lights and candles and good wall adornments.  The colors blended well together and seemed somewhat enhanced.  The visuals seemed to taper off somewhat quickly, perhaps over about 30 minutes, and all of us seemed to be in a post-peak tripping state with minimal visuals at about T+180.

Mentally, I felt rather lucid, barring the effects of the cannabis.  I felt somewhat detached and in an observant role.  It was neither pleasant or unpleasant, but I was content to be where I was.  Again, I was abstaining from conversation for the most part, but throwing in comments now and then so that I wouldnt seem disconnected and be a concern.  I enjoyed observing the mushroom/psilocybin converstations and noting the points of confusion, but decided not to clarify things and just enjoy the chaos.

After the visuals trailed off, conversation seemed natural and I slipped into a somewhat more pleasant state of being, akin to the tail end of a mushroom trip.  This certainly could have been influenced by the other people in the room being on psilocybin in one form or another, which I also suspect affected my trip overall.

I was neither anorexic or really had too much interest in food.  Because I hadn't eaten any dinner, I was somewhat hungry, but was reluctant to fill up on cake and ice cream and other snacks.  A tangerine was quite delicious and enjoyable to eat (as usual), and the ice cream was tasty, but the excess dairy was a little much for my empty stomach.  A beer was good and the burps felt refreshing. A carrot dipped in a cream cheese/mango chutney dip was quite good. Later in evening (~T+6hr), I had a large serving of cake which my body seemed to enjoy.
  
I hung out until about T+7hr and drove myself home.  While I feel driving post-tripping is possible, it is still somewhat stupid to do.  I was in control however, and it wasnt much different than being a little stoned (which I probably was).  I stayed up reading and thinking a bit, and then tried to sleep.

I think a cold that I was just getting that day might have kicked in towards the end of the evening, as I had a headache and scratchy throat when I tried to sleep, which added to the slight T2-induced insomnia.  However, after an iboprofen kicked in, I managed to pass out at about T+8.5hr.  All in all it was a very pleasant, short trip, with no real body load, poor social interaction during the peak (but possible), moderate visuals, a good body feeling, and mild insomnia at 8hrs.

meep,
beaker