First let me begin by saying that I dont know much about the variety of mushroom I took, or exactly how it was prepared.  All I know is that I took one and a half grams of some kind of mushroom. I should also mention that I have a very low psychological tolerance to practically everything.

I took mushrooms after contemplating, researching, and recieving encouragement from friends.  One of my friends suggested to me that mushrooms unlocks hidden doors in your mind, and that it is only slightly less effective than meditation.  Not being a very good meditator, I decided to take mushrooms instead.  This is my first, and so far only experience.

Three of my friends and I ingested about 1.5 to 2 grams of mushrooms each at approximately 9:00 PM within the confines of an small, unattractive suburban home.  Immediately afterwards we smoked the first bowl of Marijuana, to 'mellow us out'.  I dont know how long It took, but a little later, I began noticing odd, twisted, patterns of colour on the carpet.  One of my friends, who had not ingested any mushrooms, asked me if I was hallucinating.  I replied 
'No'
'Then what are you looking at?'
'The colours on the carpet'
'Dan, those would be hallucinations.'
'Those colours have always been there, I just didnt notice them until now'

We argued for a little while, until he became frustrated and conceded defeat.  Shortly later, these patterns consumed every point of view.  At this time, I came to realize that those patterns where the patterns of life, nature, the universe, and emotion.  No matter where the patterns where, they seemed to fit perfectly.  Shortly after that, I recall feeling a great euphoria, and I began to dance, although it has been mentioned to me that in fact my 'Dance' was a drunken stagger.  I went to the electric keyboard that was in this house, and began to play some Ragtime, to express my joy.  While playing the Piano, I became aware of three spiritual entities off to my right.  Being a Christian / Spiritualist, I have come to Identify these beings as my guide, god, and an angel, although they all seemed as one.  An point of interest is that I had no contact with anything off to my left, which is traditionally the location of the devil.  

Through all of this, I realized that I had become dissattached with my body, and I had somehow been playing the same song for as much as 2 minutes.  Later, we went for a walk to a playground, and I had some odd hallucinations.  First, I noticed that the gravel below the playground had formed itself into wave-like patterns, perfectly similar no matter which way I looked.  I reached down, scooped up some gravel, and looked at it. It had the same pattern, even in my hand.  The gravel on the ground had filled in the gap where I had taken the gravel from.  As I let the gravel fall from my hand, It assumed the pattern.  We went back to the house.  The sudden arrival of my friend's mom forced us to act normal (She didnt even notice that we were tripping), and I sat down in a large chair downstairs, and sorrowfully came back down.  My return to my body was marked by a sudden blast of conciousness and energy running through the crown chackra, and the spinal chackra, returning my conciousness to my body.

After this experience I felt more poetic, writing some music and poetry when I returned home.  Next time I will not smoke weed as it was not necessary, and I will attempt contact with the spiritual entites of God, my Guide, and My angel.  Upon reflection of my friends suggestion that Mushrooms unlock doors in your mind, I believe I found the door to heaven.  Let us hope that the door to hell remains locked.