It was my friend's birthday party and he had a bunch of people over, at first we were all just sittin' around smokin' splifs and drinking. I was with my bro', Oskar and we were shooting whiskey and drinking our 40's, just chillin' and smokin'. At about 11 p.m. we were extremely crunk (chronically-drunk) and we realized that we still had a couple of hits of acid that we'd picked up earlier that day. We dosed together out of his front porch while enjoying our cigarettes. About 40 minutes later we both started to feel it kicking it, i became aware of my muscles and they left strained but it was pleasurable. We also couldn't stop smiling, it was like our faces were suspended in a permanent smile, we looked like morons.

A little after I was takin' a piss and smoking at the same time when I saw something near the cherry of my cigarette. I don't know how I came to this but I decided my rig had aids so I yelled and tossed it in the toilet and flushed it. I had no idea at this point where my brother was. A few minutes later, after smoking another splif, my armpit started to feel itchy, so I went to look at it in the bathroom mirror. I saw red worms crawling around the hair under my arm so I started yelling and clawing at my armpit. My bro' fell into the bathroom and asked me what was happening. I told him my armpit had aids and he started getting really worried like he believed me. Seconds later a sober girl who was there assured me that nothing was wrong with my armpit.

We then went into our friend's living room which has this flower wallpaper. Oskar lay on the floor and started staring at it while having a rig, a couple of other people were in the room listening to some music and drinking. The room was quite smoky and as I sat next to Oskar I began to see little green things floating in the air. They looked like germs so I told him, and he replied that he didn't see anyone. Then he took a deep breath and I saw him inhale the germs that were quite thick in the air. I started trippin' hard and yelling about the germs and how we're all infected. Eventually people calmed me down and I decided to go to dunkin' donuts with Oskar. I ordered a turkey sandwich and a coffee, he had no money so he didn't get anything. Halfway through my sandwich I thought it too had aids so I yelled and ran to the bathroom to rinse my mouth out while Oskar ate the sandwich.

By the time we got back to our friend's house it was about 4:30 am and we were almost down. At about 6 am we were the only ones up having coffee that we made and having rigs, reminiscing of our trip that ended just hours ago. The point of the whole thing is, before that night, neither of us had done anything but hash, pot and alcohol. That night was the turning point in our lives that turned us into drug users and opened our eyes to the fact that where was a completely different world, an alternate dimension and it was over-all very pleasurable and enlightening...do acid! Peace