Eleven thirty PM sitting in a modern technology devil worshipping shrine of love, I and a lovely fellow ingested one and a half tabs of LSD. Following the consume we sprung up for a walk, hoping to speed up the uphill rollercoaster ride of peace and love. Cigarettes in our mouths we walked downward a dark and slightly dreary starless night. After climbing the roof of my companion's childhood education palace we had a chat. Beautiful as it was, I shall always remember the flashes of light beckoning through the skies like gods own flashing camera lens. 

Soon the giggles had become engulfed in our vocabularies and we decided it was time we best head home. The walk back to her house is something I will always cherish, the sheer feeling of complete happiness and pure bliss glued our arms together in a waltz back to our safe retreat which was more than perfect for our night's outlook. Soon inside it was starting to become obvious the drug was real and staring us in the face as we marveled at the kaleidoscope ceilings plastered throughout her home. 

But the night had just begun, and only roughly 40 minutes into the trip my partner seemed a bit uneasy about her current circumstance. I begun to feel the need to smoke the joint I had nestled inside my jean pocket. For I was feeling a bit cheated, how was she so far out there when I, the one who has been dreaming of this psychedelic mind warping experience for years simply could only see a few "trippy" designs on the ceiling? Yet as time would slow down, warp, reverse and manipulate itself over and over inside my head I begun to realize just what was happening… 

The computerized communication world epidemic was starting to strangle my dear friend to death as she tried relentlessly to chat with her buddy on AIM only to be shut down as she swiftly signed offline. I could tell the event troubled my friend as she begun to express vocally her desire to talk with the fellow female Cammie. We shared a few moments laughing and feeling daisy until the cloud of black begun to overshadow our colorful foresight. 

The clock on the wall read a quarter past midnight and all my companion can do is check to see what time it is over and over. Not only that but she is beginning to mumble about when her mom is coming back. I notice that she is starting to worry and I try to calm her down. We are able to spurt out a few coherent words through the AIM talking device to instruct a mutual friend over to our place. He agrees though it is late and he isn't sure why we want him to come over so bad, he just thinks were sitting having a peaceful chat when really it was a hectic d-lysergic acid meltdown. 

Without knowing it we have turned the place into a mess, crap sprawled everywhere as far as thy eye can see. Our mutual friend enters the premise to find his male friend in an odd state laughing, drooling, crying, and then his female friend in an even odder state (details follow). At this moment I was glad to have someone else with me, as I was starting to freak out about how energetic my companion was acting. She was screaming, yelling, dancing, having the time of her life, loving every moment, yet I could sense that this was to be ending unfortunately soon. Our new mutual un-hallucinating friend had no idea we had eaten acid but I know he could tell something was very different. His once friend of few words had turned into the loudest daring woman of them all. She was constantly complimenting us on all different occasions, being very outspoken and very uninhibited and I believe this is why our fun came crashing to an end so quick. 

Next thing I know she is mixing all her words together speaking random sentences of the things we had done earlier in the day and what she had done weeks ago. Putting in random peoples names, names of people obviously emotionally attached to her. She mentioned my ex-girlfriend, my current girlfriend, her ex-boyfriends, her old friends, her current friends and all I can do is…well I hardly even remember but for the most part this is what I recall:

Everything begun to take a 3d look, colors brightened and sounds expanded. I could get lost watching the amazing patterns devouring every surface of mass in the household. I kept seeing what seemed to be either George Harrison's face or William Shakespeare's face melting and morphing into an endless row of marching Aztec warriors out on the hunt of exploding colors and distorted sound waves. John Lennon's I'm only sleeping dominated the conversation path as I begun to realize that my dear friend might not be in the greatest state of mind. 

"My mom, my mom! Is she here? Are the police here? Where is Laura? Where is Traci? Let's go find my mom, in Las Vegas!" My dear friends mother was out for the night and wasn't to be home until the next day so I was sure we were to be safe at least until the next morning, but how could I get her to stop worrying while still trying to enjoy the luxuries of flaming 3d color patterns infesting my retinas? After a while the cute nonsense jibber jabber ranting of my female friend was becoming quiet hilarious. She was getting everything mixed up, zoning in and out not knowing what day it was, if the sun or moon was out, what the sun or moon was, or what the hell we were doing. Then the situation began to get serious. I realized my dear friends self esteem was in my hands, or so I thought. I zoomed out and looked at myself laughing at her words with this new person who had no idea whatsoever of what we had done. 

Basically I realized at that moment just how stupid it was to give my dear friend the same dose as me, since she is much smaller in size. I realized she must be in another universe and then I begun to desperately try to help her. And that is when things became scary, she was zoning in and out speaking of the Beatles, Paul McCartney being dead, Dustin being so fucking stoned (repeated by a few smacks in the face) I began asking her what she was seeing, what was happening yet I would never get a single reply, just gibberish and laughing. But it was amazing; I had never seen this side of her, this outspoken extraordinary being had emerged from what I had hardly ever known. I realized then that I had no idea who this girl even was! I realized that I hardly ever spent any god damn time with her because I was always too busy trying to keep other people happy and in the end completely ignoring and never getting to know this amazing fucking person! 

I put on my newest record, hoping to get some reactions from my fellow peers, one of which was on acid and one of which was just laughing hysterically from the sights of us fried up morons trying to make sense of our senseless situation. I realized we were doing the same thing over and over again and time had slowed down so fast that 5 minutes seemed like hours and I didn't know what I was supposed to do with this collapsed life form in possession! Then next thing I know the house is silent and dear female friend had decided to clean up the house, acting on nervousness about her mother coming home, thinking it was already the next day when in fact it had been only a few seconds since she last asked what time it was. She was going bonkers and acting on impulse.

She sat herself down on the kitchen table where from 4:30 in the morning to approximately 7:30 in the morning she sat and said not a single word but stared into the distance shifty eyed and emotionally distraught. I slapped her face, yelled her name, and shook her head, anything I could think of to get her out of this scary hell-hole of blank emotionless. Our mutual friend had taken off and I was left to stare at her in her face for the next 2 or 3 hours trying to get her to snap out of it but came out with no luck. I moved her lifeless limp body to the couch where her eyes shut and her breathing desisted. I thought she had died, luckily finally she coughed and I knew she was alright. But she still wouldn't say a word, just stare into space until finally she mustered "What was the point of that?" and I'll leave it at that.

This whole amazing experience I saw through my eyes meant hardly anything to her, and naturally I was crushed. She offered me a ride home but I chose to spare the awkwardness so I walked 3 miles in the rain to my damned mother's house watching patterns in the rain and dirt while making friends with a awkward kitten at the same time. The worst part of the experience is most likely the only strong memory I have from the time we had alone trying to make her awaken from her stare of death. And that embarrassingly enough is me thinking that in a way she was reborn in front of my eyes once I would be able to snap her out of her dreaded coma but of course that didn't go so well neither. All in all, LSD is a force to be reckoned with, all up until you forget who you are and lose your brain on the carpet.