I'm a regular pot user, I used to be a heavy tobacco smoker. I drink coffee every morning, sometimes tea in the afternoon, sometimes beer or wine in the evening. I tried snorted heroin, extasy (simply poison), cocaine (not so great), Salvia D. ,Ephedera V., wild dagga, blue lotus, Calea Z. , Sceletium T., damiana, Lobelia I., low doses of Amanita Muscaria and HBWR and many other herbals.

I found some 'intoxicating mint' (Lagochilus Inebrians) for sale on the Internet. It's one of the most expensive herbal 'high' I ever bought. I didnt know at the time that it was an endangered species. 

I received 1/2 ounce of dried plant material consisting of stems and 'green flowers'. It was not actually flowers, but the envelope of the flowers, which opens to let the flower bloom and then protects the seeds. There were seeds into them and I put them apart in order to try to grow some live plants. But it doesnt sound optimistic about it, as the plant comes from a very continental climate and I'm living in a wet oceanic region. The plant material is hard and I can't turn it into powder simply with my finger. There also are thorns at the end of the 'flowers' which are very sharp. 

I boiled 4 or 5 grams in water for at least 20 minutes, then I allowed the tea to cool down for another 20 minutes before filtering it. I didnt grind the plant material. 
The tea was light brown. Just like the dried plant, it smells a bit like Asperula Odorata, but not as nice. It was extremely bitter!  Sugar helped a little. It was more bitter than a longly boiled blue lotus tea. But the almost unbearable bitterness was easily washed and didnt last. The effects started to set on 10 minutes after the ingestion and slowly got stronger over a 1/2 hour period. 

I can see while it is called 'inebriating'. Balance is a little impaired. Everything is cool and not threatening. But all this seems very 'normal' , without a great euphoria. 
It made me want to smoke some pot. The effects of my little stick where enhanced. A little stronger, but also much more relaxed,  without any paranoia. I was just happy being there. I felt sedated, but not sleepy nor tired. I wasnt stupid and I was still able to think without any problems, but the flow of thoughts that pot usually gives didnt occur. It reminded me the blue lotus, but without the sleep aid and narcotic effects, a bit of very mild doses of Ephedra (being both alert and relaxed), a bit of Sceletium Tortuosum too, or even of  good damiana tea. It also gave me some interest for visual textures. The air was clear and my visual perception slightly enhanced.
the effects lasted something like 3 hours. I smoked another stick just before the L.I. effects began to wear off . It was not a good idea : I had some light vertigo and tiredness during the come down.

The come down lasted 3/4 of an hour and consisted mostly in a gradual fade away of the effects . No after effects of any kind. I had a bad stomach this day, and the tea cured it wonderfully. Also it seems to stimulate the urination (like a lot of herbal teas). 
During my high, I was able to work, but let what I was doing down without caring about it (of course it is more like a pot effect, but pot alone doesnt stop me in my work anymore, for years!).

It was a pleasant experience. A very relaxing tea for a calm afternoon. It mixed well with pot, but my advice is to be careful and to smoke very little. First I dont want to smoke, but the effects of the tea gave me some kind of a 'need for more'. This feeling comes mostly of my old addiction to nicotine and occurs everytime I'm trying a new psychoactive, but only the first times.

In conclusion, I was happy to try it, but it is far too expensive! (converted from my country's currency : something like 1.5 US$ per gram, while I need 5 g. to boil a tea which tastes disgustingly bitter and has a somehow mild effect!)  More: this is an endangered species which is harvested in Nature. To me it is more of a medicinal herbal tea than a real drug and I'm not likely to try massive dosages or concentrated extracts which could lead to an unpleasant experience (loss of balance, unexpected side effects, drunkeness ...)

It possibly interacts with medications, so be careful if you take sedatives, antidepressants, sleep aids, etc.