First off, I must say that I have very, very bad self-control when it comes to psychoactive substances. I tend to keep dosing until I either run out or pass out. I used to eat Tramadol like candy, going through a ninety-pill bottle of 50mg pills in one work week.

That being said, I recently acquired 48 grams of Kratom 15X extract. This was only the second time I had gotten some, the first time, I only ordered four grams. I wasted no time in filling sixty gelcaps with the powder (0.8g per pill) and popping four. Half an hour later I took five more. And so forth, until I had gone through HALF of my Kratom...that's right, 24 grams of 15X. I felt really tired and I could not concentrate at all. That night I slept about twelve hours.

The next day, I woke up and immediately took four more pills. I was working from home that day, so I didn't need to worry about driving or interacting with other people. Again, following my trend, I kept popping them until I had gone through another twenty pills, equalling sixteen grams. This time I felt even worse than the previous night. I had a touch of nausea for about half an hour, and then the tiredness crept in. My entire body felt run-down, as if I had a hangover. My pupils were pinpoints and would not dilate even in pitch blackness. I took an hour-long nap around 5pm and when I got up I felt a bit better.

I had to work late into the night, so I had some McDonald's (great hangover food) and worked until 11pm or so. I slept until 4am, and when I got up, I felt pretty much normal. I had a hard time urinating, even though my bladder was full. It took about forty-five seconds just to get the flow started. My pupils were still constricted.

I decided, what the hell, I will take two more pills. This time, I made sure to stop at two pills. The result was that I felt wonderful...relaxed and floaty and at peace.

The moral of the story is, do not take more than two to four grams of 15X in a single day. That much was plenty, and gave me a nice, pleasant high. I learned the hard way, after burning through almost all of my $150 worth of Kratom in forty-eight hours. If I had figured this out to begin with, I would have had a thirty-day supply.

Live and learn, I suppose. Looks like I have to order some more!