This report is about someone who isn't me.

3:30pm

DOI dosed with a friend taking same amount each(1 paper). My body weight is 200lbs his is 150lbs, both ~6'1'.

6:30pm

what are believed to be the full visual effects of the DOI have already started taking hold and a clear ++ is felt. 10mg of 2c-e is consumed by me and my friend knowing that this combination will help the visuals sparkle.

7:30pm

2c-e visuals are very apparent and are mixing nicely with the DOI. A wonderful Mix of 3d-kelidoscopes and different patterns/colors waving and shifting but we decided to take about 2 hits of AMT out of the light bulb each. This was the push we needed because after about 30 minutes it was KAZAM! While attempting to trick or treat with a couple of friends who stopped by (way to old to be doing this stuff, all of us) and after 1 house I return home in complete Terror of the possibilities surrounding me of 'police' tricker treating with kids.

8:00pm

Full effects are felt from the combination of doi+2c-e+amt and I am at an incredible +++ with full blown open eyed imagery. All kinds of bending and warping, incredible! Reality is breathing and movement, colors/shapes are there that normally would not be there. We start watching 'Geepers Creapers II'.

11:00pm

Incredible laughter during the film and now its time to watch Sci-Fi channels 'Halloween LIVE' episode of 'Ghost Hunters' which is happening via live web stream/TV at the Stanley Hotel in Estes, CO.

12:00am

My friend and I are logged in watching the feed and for some reason it keeps moving and warping and things that aren't there ARE THERE. White noise blending into patterns and shapes inside the stream. Movement and shapes are constantly reported by hitting the 'PANIC BUTTON' and filling out a quick form with comments like, :'Holy F***! Did you just see that?' and 'OMG there was a bunny type object moving across the corner' and 'a white floating thing moving in middle view' and 'WTF IS IN THE WINDOW! OMG! I HEAR VOICES'. The audio stream is CRANKED at full blast and faint voices of the two females in the 'control' room of the Internet feed can be heard talking faintly in the distance.

The sounds keep coming out from behind while we return to watch the TV, hearing faint laughter, sudden outburst from my computer feed.

1:00am-6:00am

Holy God, the intense visuals continue for HOURS all the way till the end of the 6 hour MARATHON, and we're still tripping balls. ~5:15am 1mg Ativan (lorazepam) is taken by both of us and then 15 minutes later another 1mg ativan apiece goes up our nasal passageways. I grab my last beer and start to slowly sip the sweet $5.69 Keystone Light brew. After a while I feel capable of sleeping, and convince my friend to try and attempt to drive home, even though he is still having full blown hallucinations and can't even read text on the screen as all the movement of the letters, forming of patters/colors, all breathing together is too distracting.  [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!] 

7:00am-1:43pm

Sleep, oh and the INCREADIBLE DREAMS! Ghost hunters all in my mind with weird alien twists and side plots. 6 hours all together good rest and my regular morning meds (Zoloft 150mg, 1mg Ativan, 20mg Aderall XR) and I'm off to work, arriving 30 minutes late...

Overall this was an excellent combination/experience and I would want to try again. 8 hours of incredible visuals followed by 6 hours sleep with lucid/crazy dreams and still a 1.5+ when i awake.