I went over to a good friend's house to meet her for dinner. She wasn't home, and had left her front door unlocked for me to wait for her until she got back from the store. Having just driven 30 minutes, I wanted something to drink. I opened the refrigerator to see what was there, and spied a gallon jug of a brand name iced green tea. 'Perfect,' I thought. As I poured a 6-oz glass of tea, I noticed dark brown residue around the lip, and dismissed it as just dried tea.

I took a swallow, and was very surprised that the sweetness I was expecting was instead earthy bitterness. In the next moment I realized with abject horror that I had just taken a swig of ayahuasca that my friend had brewed and was storing in the tea bottle. Having an ayahuasca experience was very low down on my list of things to do that evening -- I was hungry and melancholic and just wanted to have a nice dinner. I immediately flung the remnants of the tea into the sink, ran to the bathroom, and stuck my fingers down my throat. It took quite a bit of wiggling and prodding to get my gag reflex going. Over the next ten minutes, I made myself throw up the ayahuasca and whatever was left of my lunch. I emerged from the bathroom, red-faced and extremely irritated, when my friend came home to hear my story.

Her response was, 'Well how could you mistake that for green tea? It's too dark,' and 'it's a weak brew.'

'Who analyses their tea color?' I thought. It looked like it could be tea -- it *was* tea, just the wrong kind. Even noticing the dark residue around the lip didn't stop me; when you aren't imagining such a thing could be possible (unmarked psychoactives in the fridge), you just are not going to be vigilant. My friend dutifully labeled the cap of the bottle as I continued to marvel at the situation. 

Had I been a young child, or inexperienced with ayahuasca, I would not have made myself throw up. In that case, it was only a swallow of a weak brew. But *if* it had been a stronger brew, I would possibly have started tripping, and I could have been frightened, particularly as I was there alone for a bit. 

This story is a gentle reminder to NOT STORE UNMARKED PSYCHOACTIVES IN YOUR REFRIGERATOR, EVER. You may think you've told everyone, 'that bottle in the back is ayahuasca/GHB/liquid LSD/name-your-psychoactive,' but who knows who'll come into the house and reach in for a drink when you are not looking. My friend passed out for 4 hours after drinking from an unmarked GHB bottle in the fridge. Countless people have similar stories about GHB. At *least* mark the bottle with a big skull and crossbones (although this is no guarantee at all if you have small children or inattentive adults around). Better yet, duct tape the cap or lid on. It goes without saying that cannabis baked goods fall into the category of 'make sure people know what it is'.

Please spare your unwitting guests the annoyance of being dosed without their consent.