I have experience with more than 25 different drugs and that's no exaggeration. Everything from the popular weed/shrooms/ecstasy/acid/coke to exotics like 5-meo-amt/amt/amanitas/salvia/5-meo-dipt etc etc etc. and oh yeah, extensive experience with all kinds of pharmaceuticals. Basically, I've tried most all.

Anyhow, that's all in my past. or at least it was. Recently at work I've been extremely stressed out to the max. I do technical support over the phone for a major satellite tv provider. more specific information isn't necessary/safe for me to disclose. I have worked there for years and do among the best job out of all 800+ employees at my site alone. the money is superb but the stress had been really getting to me.

my mission to solve this? Find a pharmaceutical that would make the job easier going and more bearable if not even fun, perhaps. I recalled very much liking the relaxed feeling I would get from such medications as valium or xanax, so I gave those a try. Not really what I was looking for. Seemed to make the day go on forever and ever and just made me feel depressed (duh, they're depressants). I knew from my past that oxycontin would be perfect for taking at work, but not only is it hard to get a steady supply, but it's also extremely expensive! I basically lost all contacts for any other pharmaceuticals since I had quit all drugs some years ago so I was almost to the point of giving up.

Then I realized how one could easily purchase prescription drugs online. Now, most of these online pharmacies charged ridiculous prices among other things. I researched drugs that were so regulated by the FDA that they required a prescription but not regulated enough by the DEA to be really so-called 'illegal'.

I wasn't looking for something I could get extremely fucked up on -- only something to make my days at work easier-going. After doing research on these pharmaceuticals I first got an online prescription for Soma and thought it would do me good. Generic soma at a decent price and free overnight delivery. Yippee! well, didn't really care for them. Then I tried tramadol, and here is my experiences in a nutshell.

I pop 4 50mg pills everyday 30 minutes before I leave for work and have been doing this for 2 months now. my performance at work has never been better and both customers and coworkers have wonderful conversations with me all the time at work. Effects last full strength for at -least- 6 to 8 hours off 4 pills and that's no joke. Effects include itching all over the body (like opiates), general sense of feeling great and in a caring, uplifting mood. I also feel sped-up quite a bit, like I'm tweaking a little. I feel without a worry in the world, really. just -really- in a great mood and a very great body/head/mind high like oxycontin but somehow a little differen very very enjoyable.

Now, I never ake this stuff when I'm not going into work. There's good reason for this. For 1, I'm not a full-fledged druggy anymore. For 2, that would mean I'd have to buy another 100 pills a lot more often than every 30 days, which would arouse much suspicion from online pharmacists.


I have toyed around with popping a little bit of hydrocodone with it at work. I popped 1/2 a 7.5mg hydro when my shift started and the other 1/2 in the middle of my shift. the whole day I felt like I popped a couple oxy 80's and that's no lie. It was extremely intense, extremely euphoric, extremely enjoyable. It was just insane. Almost like rolling on ecstasy. A fucking blast.