[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.] 

At the time of the experiance I was 16 years old, a senior in high school. I was at my cousin's house, where she, her brother, a couple of her friends, and myself would gather on weekends to play poker, drink, smoke, and just hang out. That particular evening was a Sunday evening, and being that I had school the next day, I wasn't drinking (nor smoking). I was discussing drugs with my cousin, and we came to inhalants. She told me that when she was younger, she and a couple of her friends inhaled 4 cans of glade and got messed up. She then offered me to try it. I accepted the offer, thinking it couldn't be so bad if she's done that much and she's fine. I was wrong.

She brought me into her bedroom, gave me the can and a towel, and told me to fold the towel a couple of times, put it over the top of the can, spray and inhale the gas. And so I did. About 5 seconds after the first hit, I could feel a bit dizzy, my vision had a slight delay in catching up when I would turn my head, and I got a feeling of heat in my palms, feet, and crotch. A few hits later the effects became rather intense. My ears started ringing, everything seemed more colorful, my vision was delayed to such an extent that I would see what I was looking at only a second or two after I turned my head towards it. When moving I felt as if operating a machine rather than moving my own body. Much like the vision delay, I would only feel oriented with my body's new position a few seconds after I would move.

The effects dissapated over time, and in about an hour I was normal again. The next day, in school, I was sitting at my desk in first period, and suddenly felt the effects of the glade returning. They were not as strong as the night before. I put my head down, hoping it would go away, and after about 2 or 3 minutes, it did. 20 minutes later, the period was over, I got up and walked out the door, and surely enough, no more than a few steps from the door, the effects returned. This time, they were much stronger. At that point I didn't know what to do, so I went to the nurse, and said I was not feeling well, and would like to rest a bit. She agreed, and I layed down to rest for the period. After 40 minutes, I felt as good as new, and went to my 3rd period class, during which I felt ok. When the period was over, I got up from my desk, and instantly felt the glade high again. It went on and off for the rest of the day. By the time I got home, I was pretty much panicked. The next days proceeded much like the first, except every day the effects would be weaker, and less frequent, and in 4 days they were completely gone.

In conclusion, this is one experience that I will never forget, and never repeat.