I followed the steps to manufacture the substance methcathinone as they were outlined in the 'The Methcathinone Project'.  They were fairly simple steps to follow - I knew that I had produced a the correct thing by the delicious apple pie odor during the microwave evaporation stage.  A quick wash with the acetone and I was ready to go.  I scraped out the slightly brownish gunk, noticing that it DOES INDEED smell of Welbutrin, which I am currently taking.  I threw this into a baggie, where it sat overnight.

At work, the next morning, I went out to the street and went into the bathroom in the subway station and took 2 tiny bumps - 1 in each nostril off the end of a key.  Instantly my pupils grew and I felt incredibly awake.  Remembering the words of the author of 'The Methcathinone Project' I thought to myself: 'Drive fast and party alll night!'.  Of course - I went back to work.  Walking down the street, I turned up loud rap-core music on my discman and just rocked out.  I was more manic than I ever have been in my life.  The potency was Most Agreeable, as were the effects.

The world looked brighter, I was happy, confident, cheery, smiling, bouncing my head up and down to that beat.  What a wonderful feeling.  I know there is a dark side to this - the path of abuse, addiction, and incarceration.  But for the time being - it feels awesome.  It is like snorting adderall, but way more happy, and less concentrated.  It is more like snorting welbutrin, but much much less is needed and the effects are much more intense.  It's called euphoria for a reason. You feel euphoric - I can't really offer a much better description.

Even now, about an hour after, I'm still feeling the effects - now it feels like a good welbutrin high.  I'm a little hopped up, feeling good, goofy, and smiling a lot.  It's a little difficult to type this report, but it is all working out.  I feel somewhat motivated to work, but not like on adderall.  This is, to say the least, a party drug.  To make the story short - I'm glad I made it, it cost about 30 bucks in materials, and it took only about 2 hours, and it was easy as hell.  I'll probably take the drug again, and I'll probably go buy some more pseudoephedrine and make more because I still have loads of KMNO4 reagent, as well as muriatic acid and acetone.  This is pretty good stuff - try it if you come across it, but keep it in moderation.  I can already tell, as can you from the preceding sentence, that it is damn compulsive. Have fun and be safe.