2C-T-21 is a white powder that I was able to dissolve in water at a concentration of 1mg/ml after considerable shaking.  The taste is not at all unpleasant, reminding me of cocaine (without the numbness).

I started with a 6mg dose, thinking it would be a barely threshold dose.  Wrong!  But it turned out to be a most enjoyable and rewarding experience.  I was out of town on a business trip.  My mindset was relaxed, energetic, open to new experiences.  The setting was a small pub around the corner from my hotel, where the staff and customers were pretty friendly.  

The come-up occurred over the course of one and a half hours, with first alerts coming at about the 45 minute mark. I had recently had a light dinner (a small roast beef sandwich and a beer) and perhaps on an empty stomach, the onset would have been quicker.   The initial signs were a little bit of dizziness (head rush I suppose) and difficulty with linear thinking.  As time went on, I began to notice euphoria.  There was no nausea at all, and no particular rush of energy.

The peak lasted for two hours.  I was definitely loved up; I wanted to give people money, buy them drinks.  I was clumsy and had problems with linear thinking; however, I was able to carry on conversations reasonably well.  Fortunately I talked to a girl who is way into Eastern mysticism so my 'deep thoughts' did not freak her out too much.  It was not too difficult to connect with other people emotionally although my non-linearity was problematic at times, found myself constantly having to get back to the point. 

I thought there might be some visual effects lurking below the surface.  The metallic-looking cover of a matchbook seemed iridescent and fascinating.  The bar was lit in part with marquee-lights, and they seemed to take on a warm glow, like candle-light.  During the peak I felt a little surge of energy in the legs but not much.  Definite jaw clenching, and a dry mouth too, probably at least some dehydration.  Really needed something to do with the mouth.  I ate a lot of ice and smoked way too many cigarettes.   Light touches felt really good, in an MDMA like way, although not quite to that extent.  Still a very sensual drug nonetheless.  I'll bet french kissing is to die for on this drug.  

I had wonderful feelings of contentment.  I kept thinking about heartspace and how cool it is to be able to communicate emotionally with someone.  It struck me at one point that everything is perfect, because any particular thing is nothing more or less than exactly what it is, no matter what we name it, or what we try to make of it. 

I kept smelling something like burnt popcorn.  I didn't see any popcorn in there, and the smell seemed to come up at various places in the room.  Unclear whether this was exaggerated sensitivity to an actual smell, or an outright hallucination.  

Gentle comedown for an hour and a half, ending with being abruptly re-deposited in reality five and a half hours after the dose.  After-effects included mild chilling.  Moderate difficulty getting to sleep (I have a touch of restless leg syndrome, and all the phenylethylamines send me into a spin, literally, when I try to go to bed).  No hangover the next day.  

Overall, I liked this a lot.  

Compared with a 12-mg dose of 2C-I, there were fewer visuals with -21 but much more empathy.  On 2C-I, I am a gregarious, oblivious, happy jerk.  Not sure I could see trouble coming and so I avoid any place where people get into fights.  Much more sensitive to the vibe around me on -21 and probably much better able to avoid offending anyone.  2C-T-21 is not nearly as stimulating as 2C-I or MDMA.  In fact, at 6mg I would describe it as relaxing. 

Compared with MDMA, the energy level was less, and I was less able to carry on a coherent conversation.  It is not as sensual as MDMA, but then nothing is.  By the same token, I did not feel nearly as washed out the next day with -21.

This may seem heretical, but except for my first MDMA experience, I've found recent experiences somewhat less satisfactory, whether due to tolerance or black market issues or whatever.  But I was very happy with with -21's ability to promote emotional closeness and physical sensuality.  If any visuals come out at higher doses, I might like it more than MDMA.  Granted, I'm at an age where I don't really like being spastically hyperactive, or hung over for three days, so the mellowness of -21 is an advantage to me.  With that in mind I doubt -21 will prove to be a good club drug.  Much better for lounging around with friends, whether new friends or old friends.  I can't wait to try this with some close friends because I think the potential for bonding and intimacy is great.

I would like to try lower doses as well as higher doses.  I really think I could make it through a dinner party without getting busted on maybe 4-5 mg, and that would probably be a really cool experience.  We will also try 8mg to see if any of those visual effects blossom.