Well, I had been reading up this crazy chemical and finally came across some. they were only two 30 milligram caps, which we emptied into a shot glass of warm water and administered with a baby syringe, well ... up the bums. It was slightly humiliating at first, but it was so much more pleasant than a sore nose and nasty after drip, and I have no interest in needles. 

Actually, the butt thing was very simply, painless, quick, and genereally unobtrusive. We started tripping withing 20 minutes. Beautiful patterns surrounded as a naked snake woman danced around me, enrapturing me with her beaty and grace. Everything was iridescent. Traces of ghost light follwed my hands as I was moved to dance with the woman, and rays of sheer light radiated from my arms and legs as I moved them. Flower patterns on the pillowcase because a dream world of clouds and bubbly swirling purple flowers. My mind set was generally bliss, as I was witnessing sheer beauty and no fear. Going outside for a walk was lovely, it was a gorgeous spring day here in Austin Texas, and we we were awestruck by the simplest beauties. The clouds and sky almost made us cry. They were huge cotton balls, and sky was so vast, and we couldn't tell if the clouds were really moving or it was just the drugs. Either way, I was breathtaking.

I had many valuable insights and epiphanies throughout the trip, as even thought it's quite visual, dpt can get you deep into your psyche and make you learn new things and come up with cool ideas. I understand more now about myself and love, in a way I could never explain. 

The trip lasted about 5 hours, and we were able to sleep soundly with no overwhelming cracked out comedown of bodily exhaustion. All in all, it was the best trip of my life.

Keep in mind however, that took this drug at the happiest point in my life, so was in a great mindset, and I was tripping with my beloved fiance, who is my whole world. So I had complete bliss even before the drugs, and we all know that the circumstances surrounding the trip can make the trip. It was so beautiful and worthwhile and easy to recover from. I'd recommend trying this drug with someone you love very much to anyone. it is such a bonding experience.

At least once in my life I will 'go all the way' ( with my loverboy of course) and do 75 to 100 mg anally and really see other worlds and spectrums in full force.

I wanted to share this trip report to ease the mind of people wary of the anal administration, as I would highly reccomend it for its pleasant come up and peak and comedown. no nasal drip, no nausea, no needles. can't beat that shit. also, my advice to avoid bad trips is to simply lower the dosage at first, and just enjoy the trip. then work your way up if you wish. I notice many reports cite that 100 mg were taken the very first trip, and they were a bit terrified or overwhelmed. I can see how that would happen. this shit is hard core, you gotta ease your mind into it so you're fearless the next time.

Oh, and I wanna thank Erowid for providing this mecca for us experimenters and dreamers to convene about our experiences, since each is so profoundly different in its own way. The info here made me feel safe and well informed in my experimentation, which makes it much safer for everyone. Knowledge is power and comfort.

DPT ... I am sold.