Alright, about 4 or 5 months ago me and my friend Buddy got ahold of some salvia which i had really been trying to get for him to try it for his first time with me. On our way to our destination (a small little field next to some train tracks) we saw a person we were pretty familiar with named Henry. We told him we had some salvia and we decided that we would let him have some too.

So we get to the field and sit down and pack the bowl to smoke the Salvia. At this point i was very anxious to try it again and i think that made the trip pretty scary. I think i was the second person to take my round of hits and i pretty much just tipped over and was thrusted into a new place. I felt pretty much brain dead which was strange, it was as if for the first time in my entire life, thoughts didn't run through my head. The only thing happening was i was lost in a tunnel of blonde hair and everytime my friends would speak, i couldn't actually see them, but like a visual thought, a branch would extend from the tunnel of hair and attach to their stomachs. It doesn'y sound like much but the feeling was so intense and as i was tripping i felt like somehting needed to be done but i couldn't do anything about anything. This whole thing only lasted about 5 minutes. When i regained clearer thoughts i pretty much forgot i had ever even done a drug and i was freaked out.

At one point after my trip, henry had stolen my chicken that i had just bought and i tried getting it back from him. He told me afterwards that he thought that i was Jimi Hendrix and he was locked in a cage with me and i wouldn't let go of him. Buddy said that it rained lemonade in his trip but in reality, it was pretty sunny outside.

Also, i noticed this weird gathering of spit in the mouth while triping that tastes extremely unusual.

To anybody questioning whether or not they want to try it, just understand the way you react on other drugs and if you freak out way too bad, dont do it because I know a person who jumped out of a 2 story window with a guitar in his hand while on it, and he also shimmied up a tree in about 10 seconds.