After about 2 weeks of research, I decided to get 1/2 gram of powdered 5-MeO-AMT.  I received it the next day, yet waited a full 3 more days to try it, wanting to make sure I had read as much as possible beforehand.  

I had read that 5-MeO-AMT isn't soluble in anything but Bacardi 151 or pure grain alcohol, so I headed to the store and bought a full bottle of the vile liquor and an 10ml oral syringe (the type that is used to administer medicine to babies) and a small, dark tupperware dish for storage.  

I didn't have an accurate enough scale required for something like 5-MeO-AMT, so I used the 'liquid measure' technique.  Using the oral syringe, I measured out 200mL of Bacardi 151 into my small tupperware dish.  I then emptied the 500mG of 5-MeO-AMT into the liquid, and stirred for a full minute, fully dissolving all of the powder into the alcohol.  I let it sit overnight in a cool, dark closet...checked 24 hrs later, and all of the chemical was still fully mixed in with the Bacardi.  This solution will netted me 2.5mG of 5-MeO-AMT per mL of Bacardi 151.  

I decided to take a small dose...approximately 3mg to start with since I'm new to research chemicals.  I simply measured the 1.2mL into my oral syringe, and squirted it in my mouth.  The taste wasn't bad at all, the Bacardi covered up any noticeable chemical taste whatsoever.  I was fully relaxed at the time, alone in my house with most of the lights down, no music playing and the TV on in the background for noise like I usually have it.  Just for reference, I'm a 25 year old white male.   

T+0:00  Took 3mG of 5-MeO-AMT orally.  Was not on any other drugs at the time, and taking no prescription medicines.  Took on a nearly empty stomach.  (3:30pm)  

T+4:00  Not feeling anything.  Haven't had any of the reported nausea, vomiting or diarrhea reported by other users.  Mistakenly decide to eat a large meal...chicken parmesan with angel hair pasta.  Big mistake.  

T+5:00  Starting to get some stomach pains, lower abdominal.  Mild diarrhea for about 30 minutes...took some Pepto Bismol, felt better.  Starting to sweat a little bit...took a cool shower which helped.  Noticed in my shaving mirror that my pupils are wildly dilated.  Also, noticing some enhanced visual & tactile sensations.  Water feels good on my skin, almost like an MDMA trip...certain lights & shapes are catching my attention from the corner of my eye.  Just above threshold at this point.  

T+6:00  Try to play video games on my computer...can't concentrate on them though.  Decide to lay down...feeling very anxious and 'speedy'.  Watched TV for a couple of hours...no visuals or other sensations at this point.  No stomach aches.  Just wired.  Thoughts are racing from one subject to another.  

T+7:00  Talk to my Girlfriend on the phone for a couple of hours.  She doesn't notice anything, and I didn't mention anything about the 5-MeO-AMT.  

T+12:00 Finally able to fall asleep at 3:30am.  

In retrospect, I see a lot of potential with this chemical.  Next time, I'm going to increase my dosage by at least 50%, to around 4.5 or 5mg and see how that works.  Plan on working my way up slowly until I find a dose that works for me.