Saint Patrick's Day.

Early in the evening I went over to a friends house, being broke and not feeling like drinking I was looking for some alternative. While helping to prep his house for a party he was hosting that evening, another friend who was there told me he had 4 hits of LSD left, and I asked if he would front them to me. He said that he would provided I dropped them in his presence. I agreed and took all 4 hits. Shortly after another friend called me and asked if I would like to go to his apartment as he had just moved in and didn't have anyone to spend the evening with. I gathered up some change and caught a bus downtown, the whole time feeling the LSD creep up slowly but surely. About 40 minutes later I reached his apartment building, we went to Safeway to get a few things, and I informed him that I had taken the acid, he was surprised and a little taken aback, as he had wanted to take MDMA that night. I told him I still fully intended to take the MDMA, and he told me he would buy a few pills for me, as it would undoubtedly come back around later.

We went back up to his apartment, and I sat down, and began drawing on my arm. I started something and continued up about halfway up my forearm. The designs were beginning to shift and change, warping further than I knew I had drawn. I decided it was probably best to stop so that I didnt end up with scribbles all over myself. Our friend dropped by quite drunk and sold us a few too many pills for less than we had originally agreed, we each took one and sat down to wait. My friend kept telling me I was nuts for what I was doing, but I was feeling quite good and having an awful lot of fun watching his carpet, walls and cieling crawl and swirl like multi colored mud.

About a half hour later we each took another pill. And 15 minutes after this I took another half, and he took another full pill.

He told me he had a bowl of hydroponic cannabis left over, as he had to submit to random UA's for work, which he gave to me. I smoked it out of a jury rigged contraption, a rather vile construction whose main consituant parts consisted of a sobe bottle. It is a gravity bong, but for some odd reason as far as I can figure related to the manufacture of the bowl the thing was at least partially vaporizing the weed used in it. It cashed the whole bowl in one hit, and kicked me quite squarely in the teeth.

From here the intensity of both the LSD and MDMA picked up quite rapidly and almost uncomfortably. I sat on my friends bed watching his head wrap continuously around itself, never ceasing, the perspective altered to look like an impressionist painting. The whole room was going berserk, and the MDMA was beginning to peak the middle of the LSD peak, I stopped talking for a period of time, I have no idea how long it lasted but it seemed like something close to an hour.

With all of the LSD I've done I have noticed that after a rather intense period following the comeup it falls into a comfortable plateau. Inside of this intense period speech is often impeded. This is aggravated by the use of weed, and this was no exception.

His new neighbor came over to meet him, and he told her what I was on, she kind of looked at me weird while I stood there silently. About the only person I would talk to was my friend, which did not happen much, but that was entirely fine, we were both quite into the music, playing anything from Hip Hop to Pink Floyd to Techno.

After the intensity dropped down we went over to his neighbors to talk and hang out. I poured myself a glass of vodka and drank it, feeling absolutely wonderful at this point. Talking was no problem and I began to socialize with the guests in the apartment as well. A few of the girl's friends were over including her brother, we talked, drank, smoked and listened to music. Eventually her friends left and me and my friend stayed to visit. 

She had a small couch covered with pillows, all of different textures and fabrics. Sitting here, surrounded by pillows, with the most touch sense enhancement I have ever experienced was one of the post pleasant experiences of my life. We sat and talked for several hours, eventually my friend convinced his neighbor to try MDMA for the first time, and he gave her his last pill. We stayed and visited till it had kicked in for her, and stayed until it had fallen off a bit, eventually going back to my friends apartment to rest a little bit. We decided not to sleep, as we were both a little out of sorts and came to the conclusion that it was probably best to try to stick it out till nighttime as it was 7am.

The entire day, nothing would stand still.
Visuals persisted for almost 24 hours, quite noticeably, and stopped completely only after several days. When I stood up I would experience a significant headrush, but nothing un-manageable.

The entire day we hardly talked at all. My friends girlfriend stopped by, and we all went shopping at Safeway.

The entire day me and my friend communicated almost entirely with facial expressions and other non verbal means. We likely said no more than 15 to 20 words to each other all day. That night someone informed my friend that they could get Pink Playboys, he had heard that these were quite good and bought 5. He gave me 2 of them, took 2 himself, and sold one to his neighbor. That night was spent in much the same fashion as the last, although the headrushes had become quite nasty and I nearly blacked out once, still experiencing quite profound visuals. After taking the 2 pills they picked up again, likely a result of the MDMA synergizing with the remaining LSD. Eventually, I passed out on his couch, waking up the next day feeling almost ghostlike, and very tired, but otherwise no ill phyiscal effects or out of place mental states.

The next morning I woke up feeling almost normal, though things were still slightly off, which again is sort of normalcy for my experience with LSD.

Overall, it was the most intense drug experience I have ever had, and also in some ways the most enjoyable. At the same time though it feels as though something important was missing... It feels as though what I experienced was not whole, it was not what it should have been, like something else was intended but not delivered. I am curious to attempt this again with a different LSD source, and perhaps MDMA powder as opposed to pills, from a trusted source I know is quite pure.

I'm also curious as to what impact the method of consumption of the cannabis had on all of this. Other times when only smoking cannabis and using this device I have put myself out completely off of a very small amount of decent weed. I used a large amount of good weed that night, and I think it may have caused me to be overwhelmed to a point where most of my thought process shut down and I was merely observing everything as it happened around me instead of being directly involved, which is much more fulfilling.

All in all though, I have had more meaningful experiences with mushrooms, and I feel a great loss at the lack of high grade LSD these days, having never been able to experience 'good' LSD.

This experience seemed far more shallow than LSD on its own, though I feel that is probably due to the marijuana.

-MP