I'd been interested in trying Amanita muscaria for a while. I've experimented with quite a few hallucinogens including LSD, LSA, psilocybin mushrooms, mescaline cacti, 2CE, 2CI, and wanted to try Fly Agaric for its effects that were meant to be different to the aforementioned drugs. I'd searched for the mushrooms, in vain, in the woods near my home (too early). I've only seen one Fly Agaric before, many years ago.

Recently all the people on my university course went on a trip to some woods in France. After finding some birch it did not take long for me to discover vast quantities of the large, beautiful mushrooms. Some were picked and taken back to my room. One night it was raining torrentially, which had put off any ideas of going to the pub, 20 minutes walk away. I spoke to a friend, another psychonaut, about maybe having a small mushroom or two. I warned him that the safest way to take them is dried, but that wasn't an option, and besides some people seem to prefer them fresh (by the way they tasted fine fresh, and I despise all mushrooms, bar hallucinogenic ones). As he drained a very bottle of beer he became more convinced, and finally around 10ish, we both dosed.

For both my friend and I, the effects took a good two and a half to three hours to come on. I was surprised by the apparent lack of nausea, but I don't tend to get sick easily. I was aware of my stomach and it felt warm but that was it. Lying still definitely helps with nausea (employed when I've done 2CE with success as well).

I began to feel very sedated and euphoric about two hours in. I was chilling in my friend's room lying on a top bunk occasionally talking to him and a few other people. The first visuals I noticed were little bits of light shooting around, very similar to some visuals I got on diphenhydramine. These intensified and eventually there were multiple striped threads of light snaking through the air.

The sedation left my friend and me soon after this. A few of my nerves were tweaking especially in my arms, whereas my friends had this a lot more, especially in his legs. A person on the course observed how I exaggerated head movements and gestures when I spoke. All these effects I have heard of before. I also felt incredibly spaced out - a feeling unique to this drug (for me). I didn't feel dizzy in the slightest, yet I was wobbling all over the place, obviously my balance/inner ear centre was being affected.

I went to bed around 2, having to get up at 6 to do a survey. In the dark the hallucinations were detailed and colourful-long flowing, repeating images snaking around. My friend saw a dog in the dark of his room, whose eyes swapped round in mid air - this immediately made me think of the Cheshire Cat from Alice in Wonderland. (Lewis Carroll was tripping on Fly Agarics when he came up with the story for Alice in Wonderland).

When I woke up I was still spaced out and my balance was still off a bit - it had been after all only 8 hours since I first dosed on the mushrooms. By mid morning these symptoms disappeared, and there was no hangover or aftereffects.

A person selling dried Fly Agarics in Cambden described the effects as being similar to LSD - they are nothing like. I'm glad I took the two caps - the trip was powerful, yet gentle but I feel on one cap no mental effects would have being experienced. I'm interested in seeing what results should the dose be upped slightly.

This was definitely a reckless experiment, but fun and interesting nonetheless. I shall definitely be repeating the experience with my friend (in a few days). This time I will be taking a larger dose of dried mushrooms in a much more comfortable setting, and see what results. All in all, a unique interesting and powerful experience, and nothing to be fear.