I recently ordered a wide variety of entheogens from a web site I know and trust.  

A note on the user's physical condition and mindset:  I am a 20 year-old male with a heavy history of drug use (cocaine being my most recent addiction).  I am currently free of any illicit drug use (clean), and have been for over six months.  I am, however, taking 100 mgs methadone daily in recovery of an extreme heroin and OxyContin addiction and I drink one cup of St. John's Wart tea for depression each day.  While I am diagnosed with depression, anxiety, and ADHD, I take no anti-depressants, no amphetamines (Adderall, ect.), and no other meds for my conditions (I refuse to).  I am in very fair physical condition and, despite these diagnosis, I am in quite a good place psycologically and mentally and am a fairly happy person.  Most importantly, I know, despite any methadone maintenance or depression I may have, my mindset is one that has brought forth an accurate manifestation of these substances' effects. 

My experience with the first (the sibericus species) was quite disappointing.  I used about an quarter ounce (7 grams) of the dried leaves to make tea and then drank it.  I then proceeded to smoke a decent amount of the dried leaves via glass water pipe (packed near the brim about twice).  It is said to provide a small, mellow, and gentle high (supposedly somewhat marijuana-like high when smoked).  I, however, felt nothing of the sort.  In fact, I felt nothing at all.  I believe the species has to have some psycoactive property.  I have concluded, however, that the effects are to subtle for certain individual's thresholds, or a dose much higher than what took is necessary for a significant experience.  I do not recommend this, however, because it seems the dose I took should have been more than adequate to achieve some sort of effect and I am not sure if the substance has any risk of overdose associated with it.  

My experience with the second species (nepetifolia) was definitely the closest thing to satisfying.  I bought an ounce each of three different form of this species.  The first was cured leaves of the plant, the second was premium freeze-dried leaves of the plant, and the third was the plant's flowers, which I believe, due to the price, has the highest potency as far as leonurine goes.  However, my logic at the time, for some reason or another, was to start off with the cheapest, so I made tea using a quarter ounce (7 grams) of the cured leaves.  I sent it down the hatch rather quickly, and waited for some sort of effect.  After what was about 30 minutes, having almost given up hope on this particular entheogen, I noticed that my state of mind, although nothing profound, had been slightly altered.  I kept attempting to 'feel normal,' if you will, to see if it could be placebo, but I was clearly under its influence to some degree.  The effects are hard to describe, but obviously I will try.  I was quite relaxed.  I would definitely not call it euphoric, but pleasant, nonetheless.  

In a sense it was like small buzz from alcohol, only without the beginnings of a drunken stupor (no dizziness or loss of inhibitions, ect.).  It was also like a marijuana high in a way, only without the 'stoned' feeling one gets from smoking buds (no hazy, fogged-out, cloudy head, ect.).  Perhaps it would be more comparible to brownies made with THC oil (pot brownies), for those who have had the opportunity to experience such things.  It was not exactly like either of these things by any means, but had a relaxing effect that is similar to what can be found in them.  The were no visual effects, except that the hue of the colors in my field of vision became much warmer (red/yellow tint seemed to be in place).  The most interesting thing of all, however, was that which can not be explained - my overall state of mind.  The way I was thinking and seeing the things around me was different in a pretty pleasant way, almost as if I was on the fringes of entering a dream.  Yes, yes, I suppose that it the best way I can describe it.  It was like heading into a nice, warm, fuzzy, little dream where nothing was incredible, but nothing was wrong.  

The disappointing thing is that I never fully entered this dream, as I would guess a higher dose would be necessary, but I would be much interested to see what it would be like if I did.  I do not know when and if you can reach a dose on this substance that would be unsafe, so I do not want to encourage taking higher doses, especially since I would have thought a quarter ounce of this would have done the trick, but if anyone out there has had an experience with a higher dosage or greater effects, I would be glad to see it posted.  I felt like I was being taken into a beautiful dream-state, but was dropped off one stop too early and had to walk home.  I saw wonderful potential in the leaves of this plant, so I intend to try drinking tea made from a half ounce of the nepetifolia leaves.  I am excited to see where it will take me, and will post the results when they are there to be posted.  Finally, it should be noted that I did experience small after effects from this plant.  I drank said tea around 8:30 PM one night, and slept well, but the next day my body felt a bit tired and weak until later that night.

I bought a tincture labelled 'Motherwort' that supposedly contains extract from a plant called Leonurus cardiaca. The effects of this tincture were similar to the Leonotis nepetifolia plant's effects, so I will be comparing the two throughtout my description.  It should also be noted that this tincture contains 35-50% grain alcohol. 

I mixed about 5 dropper-fulls of the tincture in about a quarter glass of water (the amount of water mixed with tincture is not important except in terms of taste), and drank it over about 15 minutes.  I felt a mild relaxing effect almost immediately, unlike the nepetifolia leaves, which took much longer to take effect.  This could be due to the fact that it is a different species, or it could be because it was in the form of a liquid extract tincture.  It was a very subtle feeling, but had clearly passed threshold and was not placebo effect.  The temperature of colors in my vision became slightly warmer, as I noted with the Leonotis nepetifolia plant, but other than this there was nothing that could be considered at all hallucenogenic or psycedelic.  I felt calmer in general.  It was not euphoric by any means at all, but was most definitely pleasant.  The peak effects subsided rather quickly (about 15 minutes).  I tried drinking more, but it did little more than keep me where I was, and probably not even that, no matter how much I drank.  I was left with only the slightest change in consciousness for about a half of an hour to an hour afterwards.

I hope I have provided you with something you can take away from the time you spent reading this.  Thanks for listening...