After reading all the reports here on BZP, I've noted that there seems to be a vast majority of people who really do not get along with the stuff, and suffer massively with terrible hangovers. I thought I'd write up my experience with the stuff to swing the balance the other way a bit.

I've had BZP 4 times now, in varying doses. The first time was 200mg of BZP, 100mg TFMPP. This, I've decided, is the optimum dosage for myself. The day in question was at a festival, and I was determined to get out of it without feeling too bad the next day (MDMA I love, but I've overdone it in the past. Now, it makes me feel like I've been run over by a bus the next day, and gives me mild depression for a week or so after that). 

So anyway, I was recommended BZP by a guy at one of the herbal high tents they had there. I thought I'd try a low dose, so took 100mg BZP and 50mg TFMPP. After an hour or so I felt nice and warm and fuzzy inside, with a manageable euphoria. I wandered round the festival with my mates for a few hours, then my friend C turned up. C was enthusiastic to try the BZP as well, so we went back and bought some more. another 100mg BZP and 50mg TFMPP and my visual field was distorting all over the place, kind of like on a low dose of mushrooms. I felt very lucid, however, and in a great mood. I wouldn't say that it had the intensity of an MDMA buzz, but it was a good middle ground. 

I had to catch a bus home at about 11pm (i'd taken the first BZP dose at about 2pm). I went home, stayed up for a couple of hours and watched the photos on the living room wall morphing about in a mushroomy fashion. Then I decided to go to bed, and slept well. I felt a bit sideways the next day, but nothing major, just a bit tired. I experienced none of the monster hangover that some people report after having BZP. 

The next time I tried BZP was at a club. This time, I had a much larger dose. I took 200mg BZP and 100mg TFMPP, then took another 100mg BZP about 2 hours later. The only tangible difference I can remember from the higher dose was that the hallucinations were slightly more vivid, and that I experienced a fair bit of dizziness at times. None of this was bothersome though, I had a most fun time at the club. 

The trouble with the higher dose was made apparent when I got home after the club. My mate C and I jabbered away to each other until about 6 in the morning, and then I decided to go to bed. It was very warm and humid, and my mind just wouldn't let me escape to sleep. The insomnia it caused was quite relentless, and I nearly made up my mind that I was never going to have BZP again, anticipating a nasty day ahead. As it turned out though, although I was very tired the next day on account of no sleep, I got off quite lightly. I had a hangover-esque headache for a few hours in the late morning, but this soon faded. A few beers in the afternoon sun made me feel much better, and the evening was fine. Plus there was the added bonus of getting a really good nights sleep that night! 

Since then I'd only ever have 200mg BZP and 100mg TFMPP spread out over a day, more of the stuff had little more effect other than keeping me awake longer. I like taking it quite early, because as I said the insomnia can be quite powerful with this stuff. I personally love the effects of BZP, it's like a nice mellow version of ecstasy with some pretty visuals thrown in for free. It's not the 'alternative' that certain people have made it out to be, but it's a damn good laugh nonetheless. 

I wouldn't recommend mixing this drug with others. Alcohol in great quantity can be a bad idea, the two together dehydrated me quite badly. I wonder how many of the people who had a bad time with BZP mixed it with things like GHB.

Finally, if you've not done this stuff before, I'd suggest a low dose to start with. You only have to read the rest of these reports to realise that it really doesn't agree with some people. 

But from me, I give it a hearty thumbs up! :)