My experience with LSD occurred several years ago.  I grew up in a very Christian family, but being new to a college environment I was more than curious about several drugs.  I have a somewhat addictive personality, and have enough friends in the drug scene to know that I could easily get caught up.  In spite of this, I wanted to try a substance which alter normality without leaving me with a feeling that I wanted more.  

I decided that I would trip once, and then hope my experience wasn't overcoming.  I arrived at a party on Halloween night.  The majority of the invited guests were on one drug or another, and I decided that this would be my chance.  Several friends had access to acid, so I decided to give it a shot.  I was also drinking, so it hard to say when the effects first hit, but within about an hour, I noticed that my perception of reality began to change.  My experience is less like others.  Although I had some visual effects such as tracing with cigarettes, by and large I noticed few visual effects.  The other effects were awesome.  The entire room took on a persona of its own, and I had an overpowering desire to take everything in.  I noticed a pentagram on the wall, something which would have floored me before, but I just sat there staring at it for what must have been 20 minutes.  

We left, soon after, and went to another party.  There was a huge bonfire and my friends and I spent about an hour just staring into the middle of the fire.  Everything seemed to slow down and I found the effects humorous.  I was up almost the entire night, unable to sleep until around 9:30 the next morning (almost 12 hours after I took only 1 hit).

Certainly when you take any drug, you are taking a chance with negative side effects.  I must admit that my experience with LSD was quite enjoyable, but I have never had a desire to try it again.  It was a fun evening, and I highly recommend that if you are thinking about doing it (or any other drug) you consider the possible consequences and put yourself in a safe environment.