Alright, well I will start by saying that I looked through alot of info I could find on Phalaris grass and it did not look very promising. This is not actually really a report, but I will share this easy recipe for extremely cheap mild ayhuasca.

Let me first point out if for some reason you dont know this already, that phalaris grass is a reed grass that grows in damp conditions. I would go more into what kind of phalaris to use but look it up online. Anyway the most active parts are the leaves, and specificly the new leaves.

So find a big patch of this grass, and pick about a ziplock freezer bag full,(less will work) and bring it to a full boil in a nice big pot for 3-4 hours, maybe turning it to med after 2 hours. You can add lemon juice or another source of acidity to help get the alkaloids from the grass, but keep in mind if you are going to drink it.. well you know. It may look like you need alot of water for your grass but you do not need that much beacuse it shrinks with the heat. 

What I do is boil it down to a thickish tea (obviousy after straining the grass), and then take a 1/4 to 1/3 of the tea and pour it back into the pot (maybe a smaller pot). Then cook it down until it is a small enough amount to fit easily on a plate, but still liquid enough to pour. Pour it onto a plate, and have your oven preheated to 225 F. Turn off the oven and put the plate in and wait untill it is a goo/crystal mass solid enough to scrape off. Roll it into balls like hash and dry it in the sun or on a Heater.

If you are in need of money (thats probably why you are using this method) then go get some passion flower extract, or some herbal sleep aid that uses passion flower as the main active ingredient. 

Now you can take a fair amount of the passion flower, and wait about 45 minutes to 90 mins. Drink one or two cups of the tea hot with a tea bag and sugar, (they say it may change the effect but I think it will just help it become absorbed faster into the blood stream) and wait around 30 mins. At this time I usually take a small bong hoot, but if you do not want to alter the effect then just skip to the next step. Take a good amount of the now completely dried resin and chop into small peices of break it up then put it on top of some cannabis or some other leaf. (Iv always thought a salvia leaf would be a nice twist though never tried) 

Take the whole bowl which will probobly take around 4 big bong hoots or a few more pipe hoots, beacuse it burns quite slow. You can see it start to buble up and slowly melt and kind of burn. I really suggest using a bong and trying to take as big of hoots as you can. Hold them in for about 10-15 secs each, and you should be pretty good. I found while I didnt acheive the likes of some reports of dmt or 5-meo DMT usage, I obtained a VERY strong sence of euphoria, a strong buzzing, a floating flying like feeling, and mild open eye and closed eye visuals. This usually lasts about 5 minutes, but with the tea lasts alot longer. 

Let me add that I have purchased all the ingredients for a strong Ayahusca potion and I will submit a real report on my journey into my mind. I have always had excellent experiences with psychoactives including LSD, P. Mushrooms, DXM, MDMA*, synthesized mescaline, salvia, and morning glory seeds. Probably more. I know that if I treat the spirit of Ayahuasca with great respect I will get the deep metaprograming trip that I seek. 

PS. my Brew will contain B.cappi, Mimosa spp, dream herb, and a small amount of amanita muscaria. -Truely a powerful brew.   

* I do not condone the use of MDMA and although it can be fun I think it is vasltly overused and is eating away at the minds of a whole generation.