Alright, so I've just some off a nine hour shift where my principal responsibility is to `dress' the shelves in a local supermarket (this is the process of making all the bottles line up, pulling all items to the front of the shelving, ... ). I got home around 9am, and got out the baggie with some 2C-B caps that I'd randomly got, and have had for a while. I just had to try it, and made the decision to do it today while at work. I had four caps, one of which was split when it was handed to me (I had to get a bit of a riz and seal it). Using a similar (same sized) empty cap as a reference (tare) weight, I weighed the contents of 3 caps to be 25mg, and one to be a bit under, 17mg. So I swallowed that one. Actually, I got those funny sensations I get before trying anything new, but that was over once I swallowed. No postponing it now. 

I went outside, smoked one of the biftas that I'd rolled, and then laid in bed (I was glad of my duvet when the `chills' started to roll in), pulled the curtains and put on some chillout tunes, started to play with the computer. I wear a digital wrist watch exclusively when tripping, because I never want to know what the time (real-time) is, but I find that the stopwatch function comes in very handy. All I'd eaten in the past 3 hours was a (25g) bag of crisps, about half an hour before I dropped. And before that only light snack foods. After about 30 minutes, I had to turn off the computer, properly focusing on the enormous screen was quite difficult.

To say that I was a little nervous while coming up would be a near enough statement to the truth. And in fact, the first time I saw that peculiar effect in my peripheral vision (~1hour) it scared the shit out of me for about 20 seconds. I remember this fear from one other place only, the first time I did LSD and I felt its effects peak like some big spotlight beaming down on me. Luckily, I was able to rationalise it all as bollocks, which made it OK. Just looking around this darkened room, was very peculiar indeed. Not in a bad way, just odd. But my head was fine, as far as I could tell. Stuff in the room, if I concentrated and almost stared at one object, seemed to move around, change proportions, and bend into each other. This was ~1hour45. This was ++ territory. If I continually moved my attention from object to object, it was `kind of' alright, and I could (for practical purposes) ignore the effects if I wanted to. 

Staring at a wooden door for a while I started to make random associations between knots in the wood. Any two of them could make a pair of eyes and the grain in the wood manufactured other detail. Whatever bit I was calling the face (or head) jumped out at me once when I went to close my eyes. I'm looking at that same piece of wood right now and I can't really see how I formed that image, and I wish I'd had a pencil and paper to hand at the time...

After 2h I decided that I was probably safe to deal with others in my house, it certainly felt safe anyway. When I've taken other psychedelics in the past, especially with mushrooms, I've gone through patches in trips where I'm convinced that I need to pee, but can't. Conclusions is always that I don't need to go, but this time I actually did.. oh yer I felt foolish. At some point ~1hour20, I got this same feeling. I could also `feel' my breathing a lot more. I seemed to perceive unusual pressure on my back from breathing in (from the slats on the futon), and some of those cuts on my knuckles were starting to be felt. Not in a bad way though, and that is a funny thing. It's a really hard-to-describe feeling when I can `feel' my lungs being filled by air. After I smoked my second J, I made up some pasta. Ate it, went back to bed. Quite happy to sleep at ~2hours45.

In terms of learning, it is not so clear that I could be said to have `learnt' anything from this experience in the traditional spiritual sense. I am keen to try it again at some stage, with 25mg dosage and with some other people (I am usually the guinea pig around here). I can now place 2C-B in the context of other psychedelics that I've done. The visuals are definitely more ``full-on'' than I've ever got off LSD or mushrooms. My head (in terms of judgement) seems to be left intact, normal mental defences being present, unlike LSD which seems to take away one's ego and value/quality assessing mechanisms. Plus I could sleep after effects, this was quite difficult for me after LSD. Oh yeah, and that odd spinal feeling that I get with LSD/mushrooms didn't occur (I've looked on the web, and I've never found the feeling of cerebrospinal fluid moving around documented in any way BTW).

An overall not unpleasant experience. I reckon that some might be freaked out easily by this though, especially if they live in a hall or mirrors. I am writing this at ~11hours15.