[Erowid Note: 
The dose described in this report is very high, potentially beyond Erowid's 'heavy' range, and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.]

Mushrooms of Wisdom

This happened while I was addending a boarding school. Many times my friend and I took E during a school week after bed time. But this one time we had a great oportunity. We had a half oz. of Shrooms. Althought we did keep the tradition going and poped a Pichachu before hand. 

I've taken mushrooms many times before but the most i ever took was 4 grams, I also had badtrips several time while being on mushrooms. But this time it was different. At the begining of the night my friend and I took about 5 grams. 

Since I had an Art essay to write I said to my friend 'Let's write my essay before the mush kicks in!', 'but what am I suppose to write about. I don't know what the fuck this painting represents!'. 15 minutes later the fuckers kicked in. When ever I looked at something it would zoom in and out (it was the first time I've experianced visuals on Shrooms), and my body was going Vzsh...Vzsh. It felt waarm and very weird. Then I decided to write my essay before the trip got to far. Eel (my fiend) and I started to examine the painting, and in half an hour we came up with so many deep theories about this picture. We would look at the painting and it would start spinning and turning 3D, it was great. 

After I got my essay down, we decided to pop the rest of the shrooms. and had 2 grams each (7 grams in total!!!, during a school night; and people say school sucks! :) I kept on asking my friend so many things. I wanted to know everything about him, I wanted to know his entire lifel. It was like I had 20 different thaughts in my mind that I wanted to speak. I kept on jumping from one thaught to another and then going back to the thaughts I had before.

I was also moving so much. I thing that's because I'am suck a burn out and most of the times I am so Vege. So when I took these mushrooms, all of the energy came out, and I was just moving all over the place.

During the night we went outside a lot to smoke cigarets, and we would talk, we seemd like philosophers. Our conversatons seemed to be so deep and meaning full. The were trully the shrooms of wisdom.
Later I realized that the reason that I had so many different thaughts in my mind and the reason that I was speaking so much. Is that I wanted to speak my mind, I wanteed to speak what I thaught. i also realized that when people take 2g of mush (which is the average amount). Most of the times they just feel really weird, they think a lot and everything is mad. But what I think is that with mushrooms, people are suppose to take a lot. That's when all of those effects increse 10X, and they're great.

Since the mushrooms we took were stolen, we put sticks and dirt in the bag from the Shroows (so it would look like some idiot stole them), and put it back.

Our trip finished around 6 a.m. (I had to wake up an hour later to get ready for school). It was one of the greatest drug experiances I've had (and I've had many. In my 15 years of life, I've tried acid, tons of exstacy, cocaione, opium, mushrooms, sniffed a lot of ritalin, oil and hash, and I've been smoking weed for four years now).<!--I recomend it to everyone: don't take 1 or 2 grams os Shrooms. It's jusrt a waste. Take at leaste five and more, it's so much worth it!!!-->