I felt the need to post this report after finding so few reports already listed. As well as none of them really showing how beneficial this drug can be, assuming it's prescribed and used correctly.

About 4 months ago upon self diagnoses, I decided to see a psychiatrist regarding the treatment of ADD. My hopes were to return to Community College, this time with the will to succeed. I'm a 19 year old male weighing around 130 LB. After a few interesting talks between the two of us, then between him and my mother(who insisting in having a part in this), he recommended atomoxetine (Strattera) as a treatment.

I was to start on 10 mg daily for 2 weeks, then increase to 25. 
Upon starting treatment, the 2nd night I woke up around 3AM (going to sleep at 11) with a horrible feeling of just, not being well. Like there was something horribly wrong with me, but all logic told me I was fine. A strange feeling, that I've only had once with this drug. During the 3rd week, now on 25 MG daily, I felt slight suicidal intentions, just thinking of what it would be like to kill myself, which wasn't entirely normal for me. These passed nearly 7 days after, approaching my 4th week on the drug.

At first it kept me from sleeping, contrary to his advice of it helping my mild insomnia. After about a week this effect stopped.

I noticed a few of the typical SSRI/SNRI side effects overall: increased heart rate, decreased sex drive plus pain after orgasm, hesitation urnitating, slight constipation, and early awakening. Which actually regulated my schedule more, and I definitely wouldn't call it a negative side effect. All of these seemed to decrease as time went on, fortunately, except the early awakening deal; which was still a nice touch.

At school I felt much more focused, and for once actually felt like I wanted to complete my work. Instead of just drift off and daydream in class, not caring, I actually cared. As told by my doctor, it had slight off label effects as an anti-depressant. I believe I saw some of these in the initial increased suicidal intentions etc. and then in a slightly changed outlook on others. I no longer felt like I had to correct everyone when they did something wrong, or that I was being verbally attacked by people who used sarcasm.

Overall Strattera does it's job with few side effects, and is definitely a requirement for putting me through school. I love going off of it just for increased sexual functioning, as well as returning my heart rate to a much more normal level. (instead of raising it by 20BPM)

I can drink alcohol perfectly fine while on atomoxetine, and have combined my daily dose of Atomoxetine with between 90 and 190 MG of DXM. (only after doing large amounts of research with combining DXM + SNRI) If anything, the atomoxetine potentiates the effects of the DXM.