Well, first off I would just like to note that I am a fairly experienced drug user, having smoked marijuana daily for about a year, taking lortabs, percocets, valiums, and xanax whenever I can get my hands on them. I've also used ecstacy on several occasions and had a little run with cocaine.

I received a text message notifying me of some lortabs (10mg) that were for sell on thursday night, so I went and bought 5 of them with a friend and saved them for friday.  Later that night I went to a friend's house where we found a prescription for Hydromorphone (dilaudid, I believe?) that were 2mg each.  He doesn't do drugs, so he let me have a few.  They had been prescribed to his grandfather who was a cancer patient, but he had left them at the house months ago.  I put them in a baggie and decided to take them the next day.  Luckily on Friday I 'stumbled' across a bottle of about 30 oxycontins (40mg) and I knew immediately I was in for an interesting experience.

I got off work at 10:00 and took a 10mg lortab.  I waited about 30 minutes and felt the familiar warm buzz associated with opiates.  I had a general feeling of well-being, but obviously nothing extreme.  I went to my girlfriend's house and gave her and her mother an Oxy.  At about 10:45 I took two 2mg Hydromorphone pills and turned on some music.  About 10 minutes later I felt a little rumbling inside my body and I knew something was coming.

I began to shiver, and a smile spread across my face.  My girlfriend asked if I was alright and I responded, 'Yes, I'm almost in heaven...'.  The rush was absolutely amazing, I wanted nothing but to sit and stare at the wall, I was completely comfortable.  It felt really good to rub my feet and hands together, and it reminded me somewhat of ecstacy but without the extra energy.  My girlfriend began rubbing my back, stomach, and eventually I had a full body massage going. I felt like I was in heaven, and 2 hours flew by like nothing and it was still going strong.

I stood up and made the decision to cut a 40mg Oxycontin in half and take a 20mg boost.  I swallowed the pill at about 1:00 in the morning and needless to say I was already so euphoric and blissful that the oxycontin didn't change a whole lot of what was already going on.  It increased the body high and made me really itchy but I was already in heaven.

I can honestly say that this was the greatest, most comfortable feeling I have ever had in my life.  It wasn't as intense as ecstacy, but it was more of a serious high.  I just became at peace with the world around me and accepted things for what they are as I float along in oblivion.  The initial rush that comes from these opiates is what makes it so addictive for me.  It's like being out in the freezing cold, and then walking into a heated room and wrapping up in a warm blanket.  I just close my eyes and smile because I know I'm experiencing something very special.

I have severe withdrawals from opiates, and often cannot function very well in daily life unless I have a lortab to pop here and there. I get sick, cold, sweaty, irritated, and anxious. I've broken up with the girl I love twice over the stupidest, smallest little things just because I didn't have any opiates and I was withdrawing.  Then I have to come back, apologize, and make promises I know I can't keep because these drugs are soooo addictive.