My first experience with 5-meo-dmt was on a complete whim. I was over in Japan at the time with some friends who enjoy engaging in psychoactive substances, and they informed me that a local mall could help facilitate our trip. 

I won't bore you with the events of the road trip or other unnecessary events that occurred. But I purchased some type of herbal x, a shroom like substance called 7th heaven (I still don't know what it contains to this day, kind of shroomy though), and most importantly, I purchased 10 mg of 5-meo-dmt.

I spent the evening tripped out with my friends, watching requiem for a dream. The herbal X was actually pretty damn good, not as good as real MDMA, but for being able to buy it in a store, well damn is all I can say. The 7th heaven had some nice swirling visuals and was quite relaxing, both however were short lived.

After the trip ended I decided it was pretty much time to call it a night and so headed back to my hotel to crash. Upon arriving I remembered the interesting amber vial that seemed to have slipped my mind, and decided to hop on the internet on my laptop and do some quick research.

Upon reading some of the trip reports in the Erowid vault, I decided I was going to give the substance a try, so I ran to the local circle K and got myself a lighter and a some foil and fashioned an apparatus kind of like a foil bowl. However I didn't put the 45-degree bend in it like I would if I were smoking weed (and I would only use foil if really desperate). So basically the foil tube was almost like a steamroller but with a small sort of spoon type indenture at one end.

	I lit up a small candle I carry around in my meditation kit, some patchouli incense, and then started placing various items that I carry with me; around the room in an attempt to balance the feng shui. After I achieved a sufficient balance I began a short meditation session for about 20 mins, to help relax my mind and body. Then I rolled up a joint of green tea to allow the smooth muscle fibers of my bronchial tube to relax so that I could inhale a maximum amount of the 5-meo-dmt.

I relaxed back into the small blue Japanese couch and place the foil against my lips and ignited the lighter. In a few moments I heard a crackling sound and began to slowly draw on the pipe. The only thought that entered my mind was, "Hmmm, this tastes yellow???"

T+5 sec an overwhelmingly strange feeling of, "I had better give in because this is not a fight I can win"

T+10 sec "There is no ten seconds, time has halted, sound has ceased to exist, light has surceased, smell has diminished. So am I still real or have I also ceased to exist?"

T+ ???  BREATH!?!?! Breath in the energy. The sounds of static pulse with each breath, the room pulses to the energy of the thought waves transpiring through my soul. The candle flickers to match the waves of energy flowing thru me, the smell of the patchouli synchronizes itself with the karma. I do exist…

T+??? I have descended from the peak as fast as I rose, I have ceased to care about the beliefs of the existence of time. It still seems inconsequential. I am filled with bliss, rapture, an indescribable sense of impending joy that one can only know after looking fear in the eyes…

	Since my first 5-meo-dmt experience I have not been the same person, I have been reborn with new insight into life. Insight which can only be found inside myself. Insight which I can't share with you because you must find it inside yourself, your insight does not reside in me, at least not directly.

	What I can tell you however is that there are much more efficient ways to consume such a powerful substance and thereby not experience a "train wreck". I have found as a lot of others that the use of pipes and foils seems to lead to diminished effects and unease over how much 5-meo-dmt was actually consumed.

	Simple resolution, after talking to my friend "E" and learning how to make a light bulb I now have the ability to visually comprehend just how much of the hit I really got. After smoking out of a light you can watch the chemical effectively crawl up the sides of the bulb and "run" from the flame, making it a very complicated process to fully ignite the product. However with the use of a small blowtorch you can vaporize the 5-meo-dmt instantly and inhale it through a glass straw.

	Now if you are going to take this advice into account please do so responsibly??? Meaning??? If you have ever tried 5-meo-dmt and were unsuccessful at getting the "rush" this will do it for you. But be careful because 10mg goes a hell of a long way when you get all of it vaporized and then expand that energy into your system. So make sure you have an accurate scale, and by accurate I mean good to a mg+- 1 mg as the bare minimum. 

	On to the light bulb. This is a pretty simple process. Find yourself a standard light bulb, it is preferable to have one that isn't coated in phosphorescent material. However if no other light bulb is available, the coating can easily be washed off but then you have to wait for the bulb to dry before use. An oven can speed up that process.

	After attaining your bulb you will need a drill and a very small bit;1/16 of an inch is sufficient. You then drill a small hole in the bottom of the bulb, make sure you drill into the small metal piece encased in the black ceramic. After drilling into the bulb and effectively releasing the vacuum you can then use a larger bit to remove the ceramic area (the black part). A good step up is a 3/16 bit. You are effectively trying to crack the ceramic, not drill it out, as drilling it out will take forever. Once you have cracked the ceramic portion you can remove it with needle nose pliers. I would recommend rinsing the bulb after manufacture even if you have a regular bulb, as inhaling a sharp piece of ceramic during the midst of a 5-meo-dmt trip would probably be an unpleasant experience.

	Remember to give in, ride the light and breath the universal energy… reality is what you make of it…