t+20 Slight head change

t+45 That head change increased gradually at the 45 min point it was kicking in pretty strongly, the walls and ceiling were moving in waves and fluid patterns.  There were eletrical looking color waves in the air, like thin lines of rainbow colors squirming through.  All not unlike a psilocybin experience.  

I felt a hint of nausea but not too uncomfortable, I'd say if 5-meo-dipt ranks on a scale of 1-10 at a 5 and 2c-t-7 at about 6-8 this is at a 3.  It was gone in another 1/2 hour.

T+1 to 1:15 I am definately peaking at this moment.  I have the mushroom drunk intoxication feeling but not as confusing.  Spirtually/emotionally I am pretty intact although I would compare the audio/visuals of this dose to about 3-5 grams of Mushrooms.  I feel that I am capeable of pushing my self in any direction for exploration but this time I choose not to.

I get an overwhelming feeling of happiness at times, where I just want to laugh and feel like I have a perma-grin on my face. I also feel stimulated where I can't sit still and I have to get up and walk around. Time seems to be going slower, I feel like I have been tripping for 3 hours.

t+2 I have passed the peak and can definately feel the decline at this time although I still have a good amount of audio/visual effects I know that in another hour-hour and 1/2 the visuals will subside and go away completely.  I notice that I can see sound and perhaps hear light...I enjoy this greatly, I look at my GF talk and can see the words come out of her mouth and see her 'energy'.  All of this is very amusing.

T+4 No more visuals, although I don't feel tired and I don't feel like I have just taken a drug with that much potency.  I don't feel tired and exausted like I might from 2c-t-7 or lsd or even 5-meo-dipt.  I still continue to have a vibrant conversation with my GF for another 2-3 hours before I am completely baseline.

t+6 I sleep well, I don't feel exausted just have the feeling that I want to sleep.

Commentary:
I agree with Elfstone when he says that this substance is neutral in where it goes.  It didn't seem to push me in any particular direction but I could also sense that if I choose to push my self I would be easily transported.  I know that if I had closed my eyes and focused I could easily be taken away to a beautiful mystical place.

IMHO, this stuff is great, too good...