I am VERY experienced using 2C-I (40+ trips) and I absolutely loved every single time.  I'm attending college right now, so it is often used as a party drug, combined with alcohol, cannabis, or both. About 3-4 weeks before this particular trip, I had obtained 500mg of the chemical, and continued daily use, which had been going on for about a month.  My tolerance quickly increased, to the point of needing very large amounts for even moderate trips.  Furthermore, I would no longer experience the intensely pleasurable body high, which I feel is one of 2C-I's best qualities.  I needed practically double what I had initially been using, so I believe I was approaching the 30mg mark (seriously, I had a high tolerance) but I can't be sure because it was always measured by sight.

So eventually I just got sick of having to waste so much of this valuable comodity for week trips, and I didn't trip at all for a good week and a half. On the night that I was finally ready to trip again, I went over to a friend's dorm room, and a spontaneous party formed.  Me and a friend took a few shots of 70 proof rum (4 or 5) then desided to dose up.  I gave her a regular dose (about 15mg), then I did something stupid.  I took the same amount I had been taking before I had taken my break, and washed it down with some soda.  I drank a little more alcohol, just enough to feel a good buzz, then settled in to play some nintendo.

Usually I have to wait a good 45min to 1 hour to feel the effects of 2C-I on me, but this time I had alerts going of at about 20min after ingestion.  'uh oh, this is probably not a good sign' I thought.  I usually never experience any stomach discomfort, like many people do (I'll often eat during my trips) but time I felt my stomach quickly tightening. After about 30min, my stomach was an absolute knot, and it remained so for the rest of the trip.  It wasn't unbearable, but annoying nonetheless. I normally don't like to play video games while I'm tripping, because I focus so intently on the game, that my trip is no longer introspective, it's just filled with thoughts of video games. About 1 hour after ingestion, however, I was no longer able to concentrate on what I was playing.  The picture on the screen was morphing and stretching constantly, making focus difficult. It didn't matter however, becuase my co-tripper and I were having enough fun without having to rely on the television. 

There was a big uproar in the hallway, because some girl down the hallway had od'd on tylenol, which provided entertainment for a good 45min.  The entire time my friend and I were making jokes and giggling uncontrollably, and every time we'd say that we shouldn't laugh at such a terrible thing, we'd laugh harder.  That situation eventually subsided, and we returned to the room.  At about that time (around 2 hours after ingestion), a girl, who was completely sober and knew I was tripping, asked if I wanted to go back to my room for some 'alone time'.  I obliged, and we left the building.

As we walked to my building, I realized just how amazingly messed up I was. The feeling reminded me of a time I had blacked out after taking a bong hit, except my thoughts were going a thousand miles an hour. 'I think I might have overdid it this time', I told the girl.  We finally made it to my room and folded out my futon.  It was particulary difficult to have any type of sexual relation, becuase any time I would start thinking of it being pleasurable, my mind would go off onto some weird tangent, and I would end up thinking about something TOTALLY off of subject. Despite my mental unaptness, I'm informed that I was especially passionate towards my partner that night, so it wasn't a total bust. 

But that's the last thing I remember. I woke up the next morning thinking I had just fallen asleep, and that was that.

I was at a movie rental store about a week later, when the same girl I had been with pointed to the movie 'Swordfish' and said she remembered watching it with me.  I said that I had never watched it with her, then she went on to explain how that on the night of my trip, we had watched it and I had intently explained everything about it that she didn't understand.  We had also done other sexual things numerous more times as well as having deep conversations for hours. She swears it's true.

It kind of freaks me out to think that I could do that much and not remember it.  I've been an inch away from alcohol poisoning, vomiting for hours, and I (regrettably) remember every second of it.  I wonder if it had ever happened before, or since, because there really is no way to know.

Nonetheless, I still considered it a good experience, just like every time I do 2C-I.  This is just a warning to everyone about what can happen at higher doses. 

Stay safe.