Crystal meth is big club drug in the city that I live in, and it's often as easy to find as ecstasy.  It was the only major social drug I'd never tried because I'd heard bad things about it and seen a lot of people strung out on meth.  One weekend though, my roommate had some extra and asked me if I wanted to try some.  I know from doing other drugs that the state of mind I'm in at the time of consumption has a HUGE impact to how I react to any drug, so I took a day or so to make sure I was in a good mindset.  I read up on the effects, checked out the overdosage, and all that preparation drama I always do since I want to be safe when I use any psychoactive substance.  Then I went back to my roommate and said that I was ready to try it.

I did the first bump on a Saturday afternoon in my apartment.  I only did enough to fill the end of a pen cap, but I felt the effects immediately.  The first thing I noticed was a feeling of my eyes getting huge.  Then my legs started to twitch imperceptibly, sort of like I was shivering from the waist down.  Then I became aware of a quickly mounting paranoia.  I was sure that something horrible was going to happen and could feel my heartbeat race up to about 140 beats per minute.  I was convinced that I was going to throw up (I was also nauseous as hell at this point) and had this idea in my head that when I did, I would immediately die.  I don't know how to describe this sort of paranoia; it's different from any other drug paranoia I've experienced, it's just a general conviction that something bad is going to happen and a feeling of hypervigilance, super-sensitivity to movement and sound. Then I started to get angry.  I was roaming the room like a panther with a huge frown on my face, my eyes squinched in a scowl, grinding my teeth like crazy and basically donning the Face of Hell when my roommate asked me if I wanted him to rub my back.  I said sure because I figured it might chill me out, but I just kept getting angrier.  I felt like I could kill something, like I was so quick and powerful that I could just strangle a man to death.  Being a huge fan of the 'love drugs' (ecstasy, marijuana), I can't say that this feeling is one that I'd ever want again.

About twenty minutes after the onset, I felt more in control and vaguely euphoric.  I was running around the apartment dancing to music.  I still had that feeling of being very fast and agile, but I felt generally upbeat instead of ready to kill someone.  When the effects died off about 3 hours later, I did another bump and received identical effects.

I am a firm believer in drugs' ability to improve a person's quality of life.  Pot, ecstasy, mushrooms, and even acid I'd recommend to most people because I feel they have spiritual and life-affirming value.  However, I feel the same way about meth as I do about cocaine: I have done it and didn't see any positive repercussions from its use.  I would not recommend meth to anyone.