After searching for tin foil and a straw for a while, I was very anxious to get a feel for 5-MeO.  For my virgin trial I freebased approximately 20 mg.  I went outside the apartment to smoke, accompanied by a close friend.  Holding in the smoke, I was caught between disgust for the acrid plastic taste and elation for the oncoming intensity.  My friend had to remind me to come back inside once I exhaled.  Walking in was fine, but upon re-entry I was pleased to find that the rooms and their contents were not quite arranged as I had remembered.  I sat down on the couch, with my friend and his girlfriend sitting on the living room floor before me.  

I was hurdling through a new space.  This place was very intense.  I likened it at the time to 'three times deeper than acid.'  My perception had familiar rounding distortion, that is, while the walls were straight and flat, the corners where they intersect were only implied.  My friend and his girlfriend were laughing, and in my state this brought on truly strong paranoia.  I remember them telling me not to jack off on the couch, which sounded quite absurd.  I figured I was hallucinating and that they actually said not to vomit, but upon asking them later they started laughing and confirmed the absurdity.  

My body, especially my solar plexus, was surging with energy.  However, I continually had to will my own breathing.  This impaired my ability to talk casually and I asked my friends to leave the room and turn off the light.  At this point I was just coping with the intensity.  The wall before me was definitely from a foreign place.  It had being with which I was unfamiliar by any means.  My perception was as exotic as a mescaline state; yet it was more intense physically and psychically.  This 5-MeO-DMT was actually challenging me!  I was really surprised at the archetypal breakdown I was experiencing.  I think that the psychic challenge was a side-effect of having to breathe forcefully.  After huffing and puffing for a minute or so, I joined my friends in another room.

I was amazed and elated by the sheer craziness.  The floor was a mess, and I ended up stepping on a bunch of stuff.  Then a huge moaning/creeking/submarine sort of noise came from above.  But my friends looked up too- apparently this was the sink of the neighbors upstairs.  They told me my pupils were huge, and I think they've never been huger.  I wasn't clocking this experience, but I baselined in that room after maybe ten minutes of talking.

After this trial I was almost ambivalent to taking more.  It didn't show me anything significant, and yet it brought unrivaled intensity.  Only a concoction of peyote and lsd has taken me anywhere more remarkable to date, and that experience was stuffed with self-discovery and an enlightening internal dialog with Mescalito.  Needless to say, I tried more the next day.  It was a tastier trip and I'll report that in another section....