It was a Saturday night and I just finished a couple of drinks of whiskey and ginger ale, so I was in a relaxed mind frame.  I ordered around 30 grams of Salvia off the internet a few weeks ago and had yet to try it.  I decided to go in the bedroom and load my water pipe.  It was relatively dark and my girlfriend was in the next room in case anything went wrong.  I was in a pleasant mood and felt very relaxed without any fear.  

I loaded up the water pipe with two crushed leaves and took a huge hit.  Ugh, this stuff doesn't taste too good and isn't the easiest to keep in the lungs either.  I coughed it out after around 20 seconds and proceeded to load up another bowl of it.  I wasn't feeling the effects at all, so I took in another hit, just as strong as the first.  After exhaling and waiting,  nothing happened.  I just sat there, staring out the window, waiting for something to change.  After around a half minute of that, I loaded up yet another bowl and took another huge hit.  I remember loading the bowl a few more times, constantly being let down and ready to give up since my lungs were starting to burn.  On my last hit, I remember drifting off somewhat, coming back after I don't know how long, holding the bong, the lighter still on, sucking hot air.  Who knows how long I was doing that; my nose was burning and my finger was black.  I quickly set it down and looked at myself in the mirror.  Nothing.  I felt exactly the same.  I remember thinking 'What a rip off, this doesn't work.'  That's the last thing I remember for the entire night.  

I woke up twelve hours later, fully clothed, feeling like I had food poisoning.  I managed to stumble to the bathroom and take two motion sickness pills.  I lay down for another 40 minutes, trying with all my might not to throw the pills up, unable to move.  After they kicked in, I was able to drift off back to sleep.  I woke up two hours later feeling normal.

After asking my girlfriend what the hell I did the rest of the night, she told me that after talking to myself in the room for a while, I came out and listened to music with my headphones through the computer.  She also said that after that I went over on the couch and watched television with her for around an hour, then took the stereo in the bedroom and listened to music on blast.  When she came in I was asleep with the music still on.

I must have cleaned out my water pipe too, since it was sitting on the kitchen table without a trace of anything in the bowl.  I found the rest of the salvia wrapped up in tinfoil in my pocket.

I thought it was only supposed to last for around 20 minutes?  I don't remember a thing.  It was as if the night didn't happen.  How was I listening to music and watching television?  Could the small amount of alcohol clashed with it?  Maybe I'm allergic to it or something.  In any case, I don't know when I'll be repeating the experience again.