I had recently obtained a gram of 2C-I and wanted to start slow.  I accurately measured out 12mg (on a 0.001g scale) of 2c-i.  The dose was mixed in 20ml of water and shaken well. My initial intention was to slowly increase dosage. 

+0:00 - Ingested 5ml of solution (3mg)

+1:00 - Some very very slight effects, but most likely placebo. I could focus on a wall and sort of make it breathe. I chalked this up to placebo effect. Ever since my first DXM trip I've been able to do slightly similar effects while sober. The mind is an impressively powerful entity and can (limitedly) affect what I  perceive if I think hard enough about it. I feel this was one of those, as there is no way 3mg could have made me trip. I dose another 5ml (3mg).

+1:10 - Decided the slow dosage was stupid and dose the rest of the solution (another 10ml - 6 more mg). This brings me to a total of 12mg.

+2:00 - True effects started to manifest. If I let my eyes unfocus slightly while staring into the distance (like at a wall), the corners of my vision flickered slightly. Things appeared to move slightly. However, whenever I focused on the portion that just moved, it disappeared.

+2:30 - Effects started hitting hard. Even while focusing my eyes, the space around my vision was visibly distorting. The item I was focused on never actually changed, but everything else around it did. Walls breathed in sync with my breathing. The carpet began undulating and rolling. Unfocusing my eyes made everything go crazy insane, in a good way.  None of this was hugely drastic, but for a first time hallucinogenic tripper, quite impressive.

+3:00 - By this point, I think I was starting to peak in terms of effects. Noticeable euphoria. I'd think about something (such as the undulating carpet) and just laugh in sheer amazement, which turned into a fit of giggles. Colors were very vivid. It took me a long time to decide what was exactly different about them. In the end, I decided all the colors were very saturated. It was like taking a picture into Photoshop and jacking up the saturation. Blues were blue, reds were red. It was so saturated it almost looked fake. Music was an interesting element. Music itself was not euphoric, but drastically altered my mood. Fast, up-tempo songs gave me lots of energy. Slow love songs calmed me down and made me insightful. My mood and mental dialogue was directly related to the song playing. Pattern recognition was increased. I could look at my carpet and see patterns in the threads that I can't see now.

+3:30 - I realized I had some homework to do (physics, bleh). I got out my homework, cd player and ripped a comforter off my bed. Made a nice little cocoon on the floor and began working. Reading was very slow. I'd tend to drift off on other trains of thought often. I feel I had a much better comprehension of the material I was reading though. I'd read half a paragraph and then suddenly stop reading - I just got it. I couldn't explain why or what just happened, but from that half paragraph I suddenly understood what was trying to be explained. I didn't need to read the examples, I just got it. The internal dialogue with myself was very sparse and clear at this point. Very clear headed. When I began working on the physics problems themselves, I became emotionally attached to the problem I was working on. If I solved a particularly difficult problem I was filled with a euphoric sense of pride. I have several 'Yes!' and 'Good job!' remarks scrawled on the side of my homework. As I was working through the problems and things started to come together, I worked faster and faster in a frenzy of joy. 'I almost had it! Ahh! Got it!' I don't normally get that excited about homework

During this time of working, my visual distortions became less as I focused more on the mental aspect of doing homework. Every once in a while I'd purposefully zone out and watch the patterns in the book move and dance to the music. Watching an entire page of text start dancing is quite cool. Imagine those stereoscopic 3D posters where, when one looks at it cross-eyed, a picture pops out. My textbook was one of those. A 'foreground' image popped out (composed of text from the book) and danced to my music. I'd also frequently look around the room to make sure the visuals were still there. Sure enough, everything was breathing and pulsing.

+4:30 - Things are starting to wind down. A particularly difficult physics problem put me into a sour mood and I decided to quit. Visual distortions, while still around, were becoming noticeably less. I grabbed my headphones and retreated to my bed. This is a favorite of mine while on DXM. The darkness coupled with music usually creates an intense mind-body separation that is quite enjoyable for me. It was decidedly anti-climatic however, partially because I believe the 2c-i trip was almost over and partially because 2c-i is much more of a physical/visual drug. In the dark, visual distortions all but disappeared. CEV's were apparent but not as intense as a few hours back. Music was enjoyable but nothing to write home about.

+5:00 - Trip all but over. Sometime between now and a bit later I fall asleep exhausted.

Conclusion: As my first hallucinogen, it was a ton of fun. I had very little mental distortion. Next time I will make sure I have nothing to do (like homework or other logical activities) so I can fully delve into the experience.