First, let me say that this is not the way I usually take cocaine. Typically, I take it after getting very drunk (half a bottle whisky say, which though I am a large man, a seasoned boozer, and can hold my liquor, definitely gets me completely tanked), and in dosages ranging from a quarter gram to one gram. This combination results, of course, in a state of complete gonzoism bordering on derangement.

Tonight though, I started off with about a quarter gram of coke followed by very moderate beer-drinking. I didn't really feel high. After maybe an hour I was wishing I had more cocaine, so I snorted some Dilaudid (10 mg, I'm pretty sure). This took the edge off my comedown all right, but without producing any feelings of opium-like euphoria, though with a nice but far from overwhelming body buzz. My activity throughout the evening, by the way, consisted of sitting around talking with a similarly stoned old and good friend in his apartment.

After about another hour, still feeling fairly fine -- just slightly more interested in everything I thought about (from the cocaine) but duly mellow as well (from the Dilaudid) -- I did another quarter gram of coke. This did get me genuinely high, though with no racing heartbeat or uncontrollable volubility, again due to the Dilaudid, I assume. About half an hour later I snorted 10 mg of Oxycontin. I'd never done it before, and knew it could be dangerous, but what with my really moderate (by my standards) alcohol intake and pretty low dosages of everything else, I thought the risk was minimal.

Well, the Oxycontin very quickly delivered the intense body buzz and euphoria you'd expect from powerful opoids. It was (and still is) extremely pleasurable, especially combined with the heightened awareness of it and absence of dopiness provided by the cocaine. I do not feel deranged at all, and absolutely in control and just generally wonderful. Added to this is the calm provided by my expectation of having a pretty mild comedown, though we'll have to see if it turns out that way. But not knowing for certain that a terrible comedown awaits me adds to my sensation of well-being.

I have a lot of experience (10 years plus) with fairly regular episodes of intense impairment from the combination of large quantities of booze and fairly normal amounts of cocaine. This buzz I'm experiencing now is similar to one time when I took over a gram of coke as well as a dangerous and frankly stupid amount of Oxycodone which had me in a drooling, throbbing stupor well into the following day. The combination of smallish doses I took tonight has given me very intense pleasure, comparable to that time actually, with, as far as I know, much less risk of killing myself. Since taking the Oxycontin a couple of hours ago, I've had a bit more cocaine (which was great, despite being the last of it) and am very slowly drinking some wine. I feel content and softly, quietly exhilarated, and I must say, like I've really got my money's worth, something I rarely feel after cocaine alone.