It started several months ago.  I was sixteen at the time, living in New York state, and enjoying the summer before my junior year in high school started.  Up until the first time I did coke my drug intake was limited, Mushrooms, alcohol, and weed were my expertise.  I never saw myself as a cocaine user, I was all about tripping, smoking, and just partying around with friends.  That all changed after my first few run-ins with cocaine.  

Heaven. It may sound ridiculous but it is the only word to describe my first experience.  A friend's sister hooked us up with a gram of some quality coke, and drove us to her friends house were everyone was blowing lines. I can't say for sure how much I did, but I'd say I blew a half gram to my face that night.  It was everything I wanted in a drug.  It was subtle yet amazing.  I could still function, but the euphoria and confidence boost was out of this world.  I still remember that first drip, the taste almost made me throw-up, and yet I craved for it.  I loved the numbness, I loved all the conversation it allowed, and I love flying 100mph in my friends Audi.  I felt invinsible.  Nothing could bring me down.  I didn't have any bad come downs my first few times.  I'm not sure why, but I guess it was due to the fact that I thought I found my dream drug.

The next couple weeks flew by faster than I ever thought possible.  I was still smoking a lot of pot, and me and my friends would buy coke every friday to jump start our weekends.  I thought coke was the bomb.  At this time, it wasn't taking over my life, robbing my bank account, and rapping my personality... it was just a fun thing to do on the weekends.

Fast forward a couple weeks.  Cocaine became an everyday thing.  I would wake up, go to school, get out as early as possible, go to my dealers house, and blow lines with her.  I was shocked to find out how many people in my school were into powder.  I had a large spending account at the time, and I was putting an easy $60 up my nose a day.  I still didn't care at this point in time.  My bank account supported my habit, my friends were into it, my nose started getting fucked up but I didn't even care.

School started back up and things started getting out of control.  My bank account was gone.  It's funny how fast you can spend thousands of dollars.  I started chasing the high.  I somehow managed to buy a half gram a day.  I started selling my shit, stealing from kids, ripping people off, whatever I could do for money.  I could no longer breathe.  I couldn't drink anything because there was to much snot in the back of my throat.  My comedowns started to get worse. I would get depressed and paranoid.  The only time I was happy was when I was doing coke or thinking about it.  I disassociated myself with a lot of people.  A few of my friends stopped before they got to this stage, and a few were right along side with me.  My parents got my bank statement and flipped.  I couldn't explain to them how I could spend a small fortune in the matter of two months.  

I took a few breaks from my infatuation.  Sometimes I'd go a whole week without blowing a line. It wasn't because I didn't want to do it, it was just because I ran out of funds.  I took a step back and realized that in a matter of two months cocaine robbed a lot from me.  It opened me up to an aspect of drugs I never knew before.  I'm not going to say I was 'addicted', but I was damn sure loving every line I did.  Luckily, before things got to out of control, I found the will to stop using.  Well... cut down at least.  I went back to doing it on weekends, sometimes every other weekend.  That was a few months ago, and I've managed to keep my usage to every other weekend up until this date.  I have a friend who is still deep into the game.  He's a reck.  He must have spent a good ten grand on his addiction.  He's failing out of school, he lies, he steals, and he has no friends.  He was a shell of the person he once was.