Me and my girlfriend went down to Amsterdam for a couple of weeks. We went to this smartshop, they had all kinds of things. We bought a pack of P. Cubensis (Mexican) each. 

We went back to our hotel, relaxed a bit, and ate the mushrooms. This was the first drug I had ever taken, hadn't even smoked weed before. They didn't taste too bad, actually quite OK. We layed down in our bed, and relaxed..just waiting for something to happen. The next thing I know, we were talking about the roof being bent towards us...as if it was normal. Then, blurred rays of light were radiating from the tv. A little bit later, the tv screen was flickering all over the room, usually diagonally. When we moved, we saw a lot of 'echos' of our fingers and arms & stuff. Kinda like the psychedelic effects I see in some music videos.

Now things were getting really weird..our vision was twisted around, like one giant vortex covering our entire field of view. The strange thing was that we experienced exactly the same things at the same time. We were thinking the same thoughts, we understood everything, no matter how strange it was. The twisting stopped gradually, but now she changed everytime I looked at her, her face changed into something strange, don't know exactly what, but it went back to normal when I didn't look straight at her. The next thing was that everytime I looked at her, it seemed like she was displayed on a movie screen with rather big-grained display. Everything from 1/2 meter distance and beyond was in 2D. This continued for a while. We had lots of other visions too, but I don't remeber them all. 

A bit later, I was a bit depressed. I started getting scared. My throat felt really strange, and I remember talking about different parts of my body going into different 'worlds' or something. Can't exactly explain it. I felt like I tried to breathe and swallow at the same time, I was totally confused. Didn't know what to do. Afterwards I calmed down, started to feel safe again, thanks to my girlfriend who was calming me down. This was around 5-6 hours after we had eaten the mushrooms. Then we started talking about how dumb it was to take drugs, and that we should stop taking drugs, really strange thoughts. But these thoughs stopped when the trip was over, around 8 hrs after we ate the shrooms. Then we fell asleep. When we awaked, both of us felt really good in our heads. I can only describe it as 'Crystal Clear'. I've never felt so clear before. Really nice.

I really liked that trip, except the scary end of it. Learned some things from it too, I kinda see the world in a new way, I appreciate things more. 
The trip had many different stages, and everything came suddenly, without notice. It just suddenly was there.

One thing I like, is that I tend to get small hallucinations at night in bed, even now 1 month after the trip. Beautiful colours & stuff. I recommend mushrooms if you're a healthy grown-up person. I definetly wanna try mushrooms again.