[Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!] 

Ok here it goes... Let me first start off by saying that none of this is exaggerated. Ok this is how this incredible trip went, I woke up on the day before Thanksgiving on Wednesday the 24th.

12:00pm. Normal Day, good weather, Waited for A "special Package" to come with "special products" in it such as 14 4-ho-dipt tablets, 12 speed tablets that's main ingredient was ephedrine, and some liquid caffeine extract.

2:00 Patiently waited, finally it came!  Waited for ½ an hour until my mother left to go shopping and immediately called my boy Mike to help me test out my new products, waited another ½ and I got bored and downed the caffeine extract, it tasted horrible and smelled even worse but I managed to choke it down with a Pepsi.   

3:30 Mike came over, I showed him the stuff I received and he took two tabs of 5mg. 4-ho-dipt along with a speed tablet and I followed it with three tabs of the 4-ho-dipt (we really didn't do any recommended meditation). 

3:45 I felt a slight current of energy that caused me to want to get up and do stuff so we decided to go bowling.  On our way out we saw two friends that wanted to chill so we went bowling in a group of four. 

4:00 Got to the bowling alley and I felt a mild case of nausea (which always happens when I take chemicals) but I still had a no sign of the 4-HO-DIPT kicking in. Although I had a strong speed buzz from the caffeine (I noticed this by my constant teeth chattering, running around, and talking really fast) and I liked it because I began to bowl really good because I a strong focus of my surroundings. 

4:30 Bowling is loosing its interest, Although I had a very small hallucinations because the bowling pins would some times look like rubber bending back and forth. Mike still felt nothing except a slight speed buzz and strong feeling of disappointment b/c of the 4-HO-DIPT not triggering hallucinations or any feeling of disconnection. I felt bad and gave him another two tabs of 4-HO-DIPT.

5:30 2 more tabs for me (I wanted a stronger trip)! I kept saying, "Once you pop the fun don't stop!" but anyway we stopped bowling and we continued on to the arcade hoping to trip out on some video games but sadly it didn't work, and my trip didn't really intensify neither did mikes. So mike took another 2 pills and we decided to save the remaining 3 for later then the other two kids with us left for work.

6:00 After playing video games we got really hot and started to sweat I felt like I was about to have a bad trip but then we left and I cooled off and my trip really didn't kick in too strong I felt a mild euphoric feeling for a bit then it dissipated so generally I was disappointed about the 4-ho-dipt, so we went back to my house and I ingested one speed tab and mike crushed one up and took 3 lines of it cut with one of the 4-ho-dipt crushed up.


6:30 He said that taking a line of it wasn't too bad, although the drip down his throat tasted awful. The he said that he was speeding so fast he should get a ticket. Then we left and I think mike threw up a bit out the car window.

7:00 After that ordeal we decided to visit a friend, named "D" for short.  He wanted to leave his house really bad but there was a slight ordeal with a DXM trip he had the night before, so he wasn't really feeling All-to-well, so I told him to take a line of the speed and he took it and said the experience was similar to mikes and that he felt better. 

8:00 we all decided to continue the party and buy some nitrous for a sort buzz so we bought the nitrous cartridges and some balloons and met up with another friend "P" for short. So Mike, D, P, and I decided to take a hit but we had nothing break it open with so we were stupid and lucky in puncturing a hole in it with a pocket knife and we wrapped the balloon and waited it to fill, we then took a hit of it and didn't feel anything except out of breath my friends said and I quote   " I not sure but it feels like my ass hole is leaking lava" then we all had the feeling, but luckily it wasn't, it was very strange.

9:00 "P" asked me to buy some coke, me never even trying coke was very hesitant but I gave in and we ventured out to but some.

10:00 We got it! I didn't want to spend all my money so I bought a gram for $65 but unfortunately "P" had to be home at 10:00 so I gave him a bit and he sprinkled it up on a cigarette paper with some tobacco and rolled it up and gave me a hit and he smoked the rest. Reminding you I never tried coke so I didn't know what to expect. And I really didn't feel anything too strong but my lips felt numb as shit.

10:30 "P" dropped us off and being late he told his dad he hit a deer on the way home, And for evidence, while at D's house he took a golf club and smacked his car with it! And left a huge dent. Weird move but it was fairly entertaining.

10:45 we went inside "D's" basement and got ready to take some lines, (this I did do a bit of meditation for) mike and "D" cut some lines with the remaining 4-ho-dipt, and took them then they laid back like it wasn't a big deal, I cut a huge line of pure coke and took it, mike laughed and said that I was going to be high as shit.

11:00 We decided to go to mikes house and I felt a trip coming in pretty hard. My body started to slightly tremble, I kept snorting, and I tasted a awful battery acid type taste in my mouth and trying to find out what to expect. Mike said it was all-good and to relax so I did and I felt really good like I was having the most fun time in the world. I bought every one some Ciggs and we continued to mikes house.

12:00 We chilled at mikes house with his sister and her friends, they took some lines of speed, finished it off and chilled out. Then we heard of a keg party in the neighboring city, so we decided to hit it up. I didn't want to go anywhere with the coke (just incase) so I decided to take the rest I snorted two lines and gave mike one to finish it off. Now I felt really energized and wanted to party so we left.

1:00 mike drove and we suddenly hit traffic, we waited in dead-still traffic for 15min. Before we found out there was a 4 car high speed crash about a mile ahead, and it the traffic wasn't going to move for some time. I was so high that I didn't give a shit.

2:00 still didn't move an inch! We were walking around the dead still traffic with his car parked, smoking ciggs, and taking to people, we found a thug looking dude that sold us a gram and ½ of some crappy pot, we went back to mikes car and smoked some bong hits and laughed at the weird situation we were in all stoned with our eyes blood shot and I was still snorting every two seconds because of a runny nose.

3:00 Finally it moves! We call these kids and head to the keg party (that was still going on!). 

3:30 We finally got there and mike and I took our first keg stand (for people that don't know what that is it when you hold on to the keg people lift your legs up so your doing a handstand on the keg and another person put a beer tap in your mouth and you ingest large quantities of beer in a 5 sec. time span) mike took one for 5 sec. and I took one for 10 sec. it felt really good b/c I had such bad cotton mouth. I sat back and enjoyed watching the drunk dudes at the party fight and babble on about stupid shit as I drank a few glasses of there beer.

3:45 Party got broken up by an angry dad and we took a few beers and went to mikes.

4:00 now I'm feeling a bit drained from all the drug activity as we roll up to mikes. We pounded the beers then I decided to go home so mike drove me home (never drive drunk) luckily we got home safely and I rolled up infront of my apartment, I walk in, lay on my bed, and every thing was spinning like a void of nothingness and I got sick, ran to the bath room and threw up a bit and crawled to my bed and blacked out.

That's my story of my crazy and fun night, although I don't know if it was worth the agonizing hang over on Thanksgiving Day.