Recently I had the pleasure of a free house for a week and my friends and I wanted to have a large session of magic mushrooms, as they are now illegal in the U.K. However we wanted to do something different than we have done before, so we came up with the idea of the Five Senses Mushroom Trip. I always find when on mushrooms exploring things using my senses a truly amazing experience as the sensitivity of them is largely increased. The plan was to have five separate rooms with things to satisfy a different sense in each. This is how it was set up:

The Sight Room:
This room was filled with lights all different colours, some flashing and some not. We had a strobe light in a box so if you wanted a few seconds of pure intensity, you simply had to open it and stare for a few seconds before closing it again. In this room we had drum and bass playing.

The Smell Room:
This room was stocked with incense sticks burning all evening. Classical music was playing in this room.

The Taste Room:
This room was decked out with a wide variety of sweets in many different flavours to satisfy the taste buds. There was no music in this room.

The Sound Room:
This room was decked out with speakers all over the room to create a surround sound effect when you sat in the middle of it. There was general rock music playing in this room.

The Touch Room:
This room was decked out with different materials to touch. There was a bowl of water, bubble wrap, a bowl of polystyrene balls and many other things to experience. There was no music to this room.

In addition to all these rooms there was a chill out room with the floor covered in comfortable things to sit on. There were two televisions with old school games consoles in each. There was S.C.I.E.N.C.E by Incubus playing pretty much all evening as nobody bothered to change it. All the corridors between the rooms were kept neutral to create a completely different experience every time somebody changed rooms.

12 of us sat at a local park and ingested our desired dosage of mushrooms. 4 of us including me took one pill also. In addition to everyone on mushrooms there were to be 3 sober people to try and keep the calm if things went wrong. After about 25 minutes as people were starting to feel the effects we walked back to the house.

I spent the first ten minutes walking around the house watching people's reaction to the set up. I could feel myself coming up on the pill so I went and had a dance in the light room which was extremely intense. After I went to the smell room and listened to the classical music. I lay on the floor, closed my eyes and melted for a few minutes, allowing the music to caress my soul, a truly beautiful feeling. As I came to after a few minutes I remembered there were people outside who felt ill (pretty much inevitable with a large amount of people doing mushrooms). I went outside and tried to persuade them to come inside without success. At this point the mushrooms kicked in hard. I had the image of an oak tree flash in front of my eyes and shudder for a few seconds. I was in for an intense evening.
   
After several minutes of indecisive wandering from room to room I found my bong and had a few cones. This is where it really began. My own house became a completely different place. There was different music coming from every room and as I walked between them the walls were jumping extremely erratically. I walked into the chill out room (which in the end really wasn't remotely chilled out) and played Sonic the Hedgehog 2 on my Sega Megadrive. Old school gaming on hallucinogenics is intense, the colours are so bright and sonic kept on morphing into other creatures. After this I looked away from the screen and looked at the wall and noticed an obvious geometric pattern I have never realised before, but now notice every time I look at it. The two paintings on the wall were like looking into television screens with flowing rivers and flying birds. Totally incredible.

I then decided to explore all the rooms how they were meant to be explored. I went first to the taste room and ate many sweets. The sherbet flying saucers nearly blew my head off, but the sour chewits were the most incredible things I have ever tasted. I then wandered into the smell room and enjoyed the sweet incense sticks mixed with the beautiful smell of skunk in the room. It was at this point I remembered people were still outside. As I walked out I saw nobody there so turned to head in and then noticed everything that wasn't part of my house or garden was warped massively. There was a blue force field surrounding my house causing the fencing around the garden to warp inwards. My friend came out and asked me what I was doing, I seem to remember telling him to get inside because we would break the force field if we didn't. 

I then tried to explore the other rooms in the house. The music in the sound room had been turned off somehow and I was too far gone to try and turn it back on. The light room was too intense and was stupidly hot as well. As I approached the touch room I found two of my friends on the same mix of drugs as I was running in and out of the room in fits of laughter. They told me to go in and see what was in there. The only lights in the room were blue fairy lights which gave the room a very strange feeling. I went to touch the bowl of polystyrene balls only to find someone had covered it in cling film. There was a small hole in the cling film and as I went down to touch it I hit the film and hundreds of polystyrene balls flew out of the bowl into my face. I ran out of the room scared for my life (only on drugs could you be scared of polystyrene).

For the next fifteen minutes or so I wandered from room to room aimlessly again. Suddenly I was confronted by my friend (call him T). He was falling rapidly into a bad trip. He was demanding an ambulance and was contemplating suicide. I honestly did not know what to do. I was in no state of mind to be dealing with such complex difficult situations. Nobody could seem to do anything. And then it begun, the bad thoughts growing and fading, becoming stronger every time they returned, I was sliding steadily into a bad trip. I have experienced a bad trip on mushrooms before but it was nothing like this. This was a deep inescapable hole full of a thousand bad thoughts a second. I knew I had to get out or I would fall into the same place as T. I wouldn't allow myself to do that. I got one of my sober friends to sit outside with me and talk. We had sent T off with someone and they were going to call an ambulance somewhere else. It was the thought of an ambulance outside the house that freaked me out. I thought that police were going to come and bust us all.

Between each break in the conversation with my sober friend these thoughts invaded my mind. After a while I decided I couldn't handle any more fake happy conversation. My heart was beating faster than it ever has in my entire life. I laid on the floor and tried to calm myself down. As I closed my eye the visuals started. An intertwined three dimensional super highway appeared with different coloured shapes of different sizes flying down them at unknown speed. It made me think of electrical impulses flying between neurons in the brain. I held on to this thought as it reminded me it was only the drug doing this to me. I got up after what felt about three hours although only turned out to be about 10 minutes and realised I had sweated ridiculous amounts, I was soaked all over. I felt back to baseline, apart from the overwhelming feeling that my brain had been turned to mush. I think the sweating helped the chemicals out of my system, which is why I think I stopped tripping so suddenly. 

This trip was probably the most terrifying experience of my life; however I would not have had it any other way. The ‘bad trip' was scary but at the same time extremely humbling. It reminds me that I am not better than the chemicals, they rule me. I knew the risks, I took the chance, I paid the price but I stand by my decision. On a lighter note I would seriously suggest the Five Senses Mushroom Trip to everyone. My senses were on a different level when on hallucinogenics and to experience them in such a situation is mind blowing.