The setting was perfect; I had just purchased a glass pipe with my friend, W, and we were getting ready for a whole new experience.  Both of us had smoked salvia before, but not out of a glass pipe, and it made a distinguishable difference.  Without anything to eat, and just water and milk to drink, we ran out to the local park at about 2:30 pm.  Seeing a nice, secluded area, we sat down and got to business.  I packed a bowl with what I estimated to be 1/3 gram, struck the match, and hit that sucker.  (We named the pipe 'Baby Zig' the next day.)  The glass cooled the smoke a considerable amount, which was quite nice.  After three hits, all of which I held for twenty seconds, the bowl was cashed.  Before I was completely gone, I handed the pipe to my friend with a mumble of something like, 'Quick, I am leaving now!' (A match is quite hot enough to smoke salvia with.)  

I started to feel the usual effects that come with (smoked) salvia; a swirling that I best describe as someone grabbing my brain and spinning it in my head, an alternate gravity pulling me (like being in a tilt-o-whirl and sticking your head out in the center), and a distance from myself, not physically, but mentally.  I looked around and my eyes got caught on it, the door.  I was in a winding hallway with candycanes, gumdrops, and all sorts of sweets. The last thought that 'I' had was, 'Whoa, candyland!'  I was being guided gently and slowly through the aforementioned hallway, passing little pink creatures doing various things, such as building a moose (yes, I know, weird) and flying around sprinkling powder on things.  All of a sudden I was at a door guarded by two men who were, seemingly, made of candycanes.  They didn't move at all, but they told me that I was almost there and that I was expected.  (On a previous experience I had truly broken though to the 'other side' and met entities whom I have now come to know quite well.)  

The door was a tornado of every bright color you could imagine, and they blended together in a perfect, beautiful way.  The knob stretched out and snaked towards me, when all of a sudden my friend said, 'Dude, where's the salvia?'  It was like being woken up during the climax of some wondeful dream, I was sad and frustrated at the same time.  I found myself lying down against a rock with my hands reaching out for the knob...Oh well, maybe next time.

I never really discussed with my friend about what he experienced, but he did scream out during his journey, 'YOU ARE INFINITE!'

Salvia is truly a wondeful substance that we are privileged to have available.  Please, don't call it an alternative to any other (illegal) drug, because it really isn't.  It is unique and not some toy to get 'fucked up' on.  Keep this incredible plant legal!