About a year or 2 ago I had to have all 4 of my wisdom teeth removed, so I went in for the operation. I didn't really know what to expect. At one point, a woman put a mask on me and told me that it was laughing gas. After a few minutes of breathing it in, I realized that I was feeling quite pleasant. I began laughing at the simplest things and even started joking around with her. I was a bit out of it, and the fact that I was sucking in the gas so excessively that the doctor had to turn the gas down didn't help. But I wanted more, I didn't care. I repeatedly emptied out my lungs and breathed in as much as I could. That shit was great.

It was time for the operation to begin (I remember that at that point I was almost gone). The doc came in and injected me with something into my left arm. It hurt, so I made a noise. He looked at me and made fun of my reaction. He made the same noise but in a slightly over-exaggerated manner. I began cracking up. Even though it hurt, I couldn't stop laughing.

The operation was performed using the truth serum. While I was knocked out and totally unaware of what was going on, to the doc I was conscious and co-operational. He said that during the operation he would ask me things like did I feel any pain. Obviously, I had to answer ‘no'. When I woke up, I didn't remember anything that had happened. I looked at the guy and he told me that I just had an operation done and he told my mom that I was under a strong pain killer and that I had to stay awake for a while so that I would have enough energy to walk to the car.

While I was trying stay awake, the doc was talking to my mom right in front of me. He said that he has witnessed something that he had never seen, read, nor heard about. He told my mom and me that I laughed through the entire operation. While he was cutting my gums, removing teeth, and sowing me up, I was laughing. I was out for about 3 hours. I laughed that long. When I thought about it at the time, it helped explain why my stomach muscles where hurting me so much.