One of my friends (he doesn't do drugs) told me that one of his friends were selling mushrooms and since I've never done them before I decided to try them. So I bought an eighth (3.5 grams), and made a gram worth of tea (to experiment).After ingesting that, I went over to a friends house. I wasn't feeling any sort of buzz or anything yet, but I hade this uncontrollable urge to laugh. And right when I reached my friends house, This fat kid and the friend that got me the mush called out my name so I went over there laughing my ass off. I then took a handful of shrooms and stuffed them in my mouth, chewing on them for about 20 minutes. We were walking along in the sun to go to the skate park when it hit me. I was in the desert. It was so sunny out that the ground gave a mirage, and I kept saying to my friends :'Its like a re-occurring nightmare!!!!' because I was starring at the sidewalk when I noticed that every sidewalk brick was exactly the same and I thought that it would never end.
 
And then we were in the shade and I said 'we're in the dark side, now.' And it was like life had two sides, the good side and the bad side. I thought that I found out the meaning of life, and I just became so happy. And that's where the dark side came in....

We ended up at my friends house, cause he had to get supper. I was getting paranoid and decided to stay outside while he went in. My mistake, I should've went inside. Cause next thing I knew, the zoomers were kicking in and I just sat on the steps, motionless for fifteen minutes. And then the ground started moving. It was moving closer and closer to me. And then, out of nowhere a giant blob thing came out of the ground and tried to hit me, so I stomped on the ground and it disappeared. then my friend came out. i told him about it and I said to the ground ' We'll meet again before the nights over, I can guarantee you that...'

And then I ate another handful as we walked to the skate park. My friend looked like a skeleton, the sun was smiling at me and, at the skate park, the wall ridge was burping! The sky was a hologram, the ground was moving again, this one kid looked like a goblin, another kid looked like the sun, cause he had a yellow mo-hawk. And I was just so happy that I felt like crying the whole night. And then whenever I touched a smoke, it turned wet automatically and I thought it was magic, but I guess I was just sweating a lot. Then they kicked in again. just out of nowhere, a yellow blob that I thought was a rabbit ran in front of me. I chased it.

By the end of the night, the mushrooms changed me. I seen stuff differently after that. I was more happier, artistic and a better person. One of my friends was gonna throw a pop bottle at a nerd, and I usually would too, but this time, I said, 'Wait! How would you like it if I had done that to you?' And he thought about it and dropped the bottle.

If it wasn't for those mushrooms, I wouldn't be happy. But now, thanks to them I am feeling greater than ever, am happy, peaceful and very thankful.