So I had several capsules of 5-MeO-DMT wich I am going later on this report rerfer as meo, because the somewhat long name of this particular substance. I have to announce that this time I didn´t have any experiences of these short acting and intense pshycoactive substances like: salvia, DMT and so on. Now I do but not then.

I had earlier inhalated meo exactly 10mg several times (we had outstanding scale) and every time I had only this afterglowish feeling, nothing note worthy and I was kind of disappointed because I thought that meo would blow my head or something like that. We had drank whole the day because we were on a concert that evening and we had also a lot of pot. We came back to our house at evening and me and my good friend thought something like all or nothing.

We both inhalated 15mg meo from a bong and I was first and we made a deal that after I had taken it my friend will follow immediatly. I wasnt nervous because I had earlier smoked meo but not such guantitieves. Immediatly after exhale I felt strong buzz and felt like fuck Im going to pass out, Im going to die, oh no this comes too fast, help, help..

Few seconds later the only thing I could see was this enourmous 2D wall right front of me with dark and very complicated visual, almost so complicated, fast and dark that I could consider it as an blank wall size of an universe. Even though I observed this 'wall' from unknown distence, well hard to explane this distance because the wall was 2D and unlimited in any directions, impossible to visualize because our normal day sight is limited for example front of mr unless I turn   my head around. I as an observer were totally passive. I had nothing to do with this ´place´ were I ended up. Void is an best way to discripe this place my brains made with help of meo.

I wasnt aware of myself nor anything that was, were, or will be. Im alive now but being dead would be something like this. Same thing like I haven´t ever be born, when you dont have a clue of anything and I mean anything. I hadn´t any idea about time. Same thing that I would have been there for eternity and will stay another eternity.

Then I woke up. Kind fast compared to the experience 10 minutes after inhalitation. It was like shhhhiiiiiiiiittttt.... Then I jumped up like a rocket and started looking for my friend. He wasn´t on the chair were I left him and immediatly after I turned my head, my friend climbed off from the floor and we both bursted in insane laughter. It was way too cool to be alive, be able to think, remember all these good things like floors, walls, roofs, doors, light and so on. Amazing.

The experience while on peak didn´t give me any information, it just took everything I had away and gave me them back later. Think life cycle as an linear and it starts when human borns and ends when human dies. Meo gave me opportunity to make an 10 minutes long gap to this linear life cycle and this experience gave me alot. I know or atleast think what it is to be dead and dont want to be dead ever again.. well not permanently atleast..

In smaller amounts 5-10mg meo serves only as an pshycedelic crack for me so im saying meo is something more in doses like 15-25mg smoked. And it smells good too.