Okay, I was home alone on a Sunday afternoon with nothing to do, so I decided to trip. I had a little bit of 2-ct-2 in a bottle, so I decided to sniff it. It was only 5mg or so and I was not really feeling much except maybe some trails. I then decided to take some 4-aco-det to boost me up. The bottle was in my car for about a month in the Florida heat and the drug was rather stuck to the bottle. I couldn't get enough out to be effective, so I made a poor decision to add hot water shake it up and mix with OJ. I looked at the mixture and realized it was more than I suspected but ingested anyway. [estimated 40 mg] 

It was vile, the OJ barely covered the taste. Within 2 minutes I started to trip really hard. This happened one time to me before on 8 hits of liquid acid, so I knew I was in for a ride. 5 minutes after dosing, I vomited. I could taste the vile tryptamine on the way out, and I was happy to do so because maybe I wouldn't trip as hard. Within minutes I was tripping harder than I ever tripped on shrooms, and I've taken 7-8 grams multiple times. The visuals were wild, sort of a pitstop between shrooms and DMT. There were super colorful patterns overlayed with swirling circles and wild visual imagery. This was quite entertaining. The peoples faces on the TV were distorting in a mushroom kind of way without the melting off the screen. About 3 hrs into it, I experienced total ego loss. I saw my life in a very real and scary way. My thoughts were racing, similar to a high dose of LSD. 

I started seriously considering that I may have had a schitzophrenic break from reality. I was pacing and totally psychotic. I spilt a bowl of isopropyl alchohol that was being used to maked honey oil. I thought the smell would bring the police here, cause I was smelling the smell of angeldust. I was seeing cop lights in the window. I was picturing my house as a decrepid existance and it was quite depressing. This went on for a good 3 more hrs. I finally came down enough to make sense of the events. Now I don't recommend that anybody do this, but the experience ended positive with some deep insights into my life. I have taken a measured dose of 30 mgs and it was nowhere near as powerful or intense as this. It could have been colored by the minimal amount of 2ct2 but not by much. I was tripping for a full 11 hrs which is much longer than usual, so I know I took way too much. The next day I felt okay with the experience on the forefront of my mind. 4-aco-DET is an extremely powerful tryptamine rivaling any of the classics with it's own signature and style. WOW.