I loaded the glass bubbler with as much of the dried plant as possible. It had a big bowl - there were probably two and a half grams packed in. My three friends and I, sitting in a (mostly dark) shed at night, were ready to try the drug that nobody really knew anything about. I had done a little reading about it beforehand, but no one else. Having done other more common psychedelics, there was no fear in my mind of how I would handle it. I took the first hit, and roasted it hard to take the fattest hit I could. Then I held it in for twenty seconds or so, and as I exhaled, I…left. My consciences was suddenly ripped and almost completely disconnected from my body. I could hear my friends who were talking, but there was no interpretation of words happening in my brain. It was just blurred noises. Everything that I could see before was still there but I couldn't look at it. Movement was not an option. My mind was still working, but I was not in control. The thoughts were going through my brain were being experienced but I wasn't moving them. Time became nothing. The past and the future was the same as the present, it was all a loop, a pattern repeating itself eternally. I can only explain myself and the way I felt at that time as an entity of some sort repeating a movement; a thought, to no end.

But I was still somewhat there. And I didn't like what I was thinking. It felt so normal, yet it also didn't feel normal at all. I wanted to go back to familiar reality. I was so out of it that I couldn't quite but my finger on what I was supposed to be thinking and seeing and hearing normally. I panicked inside my head. I fought to get back to normal. And then I came back as suddenly as I had left. In awe and daze for a few seconds, finally I realized what had just happened. I still felt a little weird. I was still a little shaken up. The feeling of eternity (that had lasted for maybe five or ten seconds) was too much to handle. I sold the rest of what I had and didn't smoke any more. It wore off quickly. Just twenty minutes later I had gotten over the scariness of it all and was thinking about how weird yet interesting it was. I realized that with more experience I will be used to it enough that I can do it without being so lost and alarmed. It seems as if I only went partway up what is a long, long road. It is incomprehensible but at the same time curious to me what would be experienced with significantly higher doses. I am sure I will do it again someday. I must say, with a solid amount of drug experience on my belt, that was the strongest 'high' (if you can call it that) I have ever felt. Easily.