Halloween on shrooms

On Halloween 2002 my friend, boyfriend and I ate an 1/8 of the shrooms. You might think between the three of us you wouldn't trip that hard but, we were so fucked up. We ate the shrooms around 4:30-5:00 and by 5:45-6:00 I was trippin' face. 

We were in my room trying to get ready and then I felt the effects come on. I heard my sister talking and she was walking up the stairs. I came out of my room and I started to walk down the steps when my sister and I walked past each other I remember trying to step on her.(she is 22 so it wasn't like I was gonna hurt her)I just got so angry all of the sudden and I wanted to hurt her. She just laughed and pushed me out of the way.
    
After that I went back into my room, it felt like forever until we finally left. We walked into town and went trick or treating. We were walking around for about an hour and we had basically no candy and we were just walking around in circles. We walked down this one street and noticed a light on.  We went to that house we walked up to it and there was a lady and a mentally retared guy out on the front porch. I know this sounds mean, but if I wasn't trippin' this wouldn't have happened. The mentally retared guy had the candy and the lady told him to give it to us and he wouldn't. I was hystarically laughing and I tried to control it, but I couldn't. I was the only one out of the group who didn't have on a mask, so it wasn't as bad for the other two. Then the lady started to laugh and all I could do was laugh.  Finally the guy gave us our candy and when we walked away I almost fell down the steps. We walked back to the middle of town and we saw a bunch of our friends. We started to walk with them and it felt like we were all just walking in the same spot forever. I knew where all the good houses were but, no matter how long we walked we couldn't get there. We walked past this building that has a bunch of different stores and stuff. The building had an acting theater in it and there were these two people satnding outside handing out candy. I swear the guy that was out there was on something cause when he gave us candy he just looked at us and started laughing uncontrolably. It was so scary I just wanted to run. We walked back to our friends car and then he drove us home. I laughed hystarically the whole time I tripped it was uncontrolable.
    
I'll definatley do shrooms anytime they come around. They're fun!<!--and if you want to do any drug you should do these.-->