Well, I got to the campsite at about 8:45 pm.  Talked to my friends who i was to dose with, found out that they had already done so, so I grabbed 3 capsules @500 mg apiece, and washed em down with a Doc Otis.  It usually takes a very short time for the dex to hit me and today was no exception, as I was feeling a bit out of it after about 30 minutes.  

Soon, I knew that that familiar enemy called Nausea would come for me like a grim reaper of DXM.  I talked a sober friend into putting in my Pink Floyd CD, and we all sat around, talking and listening to the music.  I was silent and watching the fire;  it seemed to move alot on me.  Literally, like the whole fire, not just a the top flikering.  wicked.  When 'Seamus' came on (the one with the dog barks), a fellow doser, inexperienced with the CD, asked where the dog was.  I laughed... bad idea.  That rumbling of my jelly belly had upset Mr. Nausea and I knew he was coming.  So, in desperation, I laid down; this never works, i thought.  But, somehow, it worked!  I had won this battle but the war was far from over.  As the 23 minute 'echoes' came on, i closed my eyes, and immediately the CEV's started.  On my eyelids, I could see my own forest canopy start to grow, slightly different from the real one above our heads.  Slowly, a tunnel approached, and I went in.  As the tunnel wound around, I moved my head so as not to lose it.  'holy shit', I heard myself say, 'This is the best trip ever!'  A concerned fellow tripper asked me if i was gonna hurl, to which I responded, 'I'm in a tunnel right now.'  

Suddenly, The tunnel began to become detailed and slowly, it turned itself into one of those subterrenean tunnels from Cruisin' USA.  I was flyin down that thing, too - musta been going about 100 miles an hour!  What exhilaration!  I don't remember how long I was in that, and I don't remember how it ended, but I do remember opening my eyes and being disappointed in the real world.  So I closed my eyes and my forest world immediately began again.  The shadows made by the fire were being cast onto my closed eyelids, which caused werid hallucinations of my friends, thinking they were being covered by some weird overlay that fluttered as the fire fluttered.

I cannot remember much else.  I remember smoking salvia; the 5 minutes after that seemed like an hour.  I remember sleeping in my car, as i forgot my sleeping bag :-(  I do remember the feeling that I had, like I had experienced some of this trip before (might be because we had used this particular place in the past).  I searched for this certain place where I had thrown up last time;  It was at this place I experienced not knowing WHEN I was for the first (and only) time.  That's a damn trippy feeling - thinking for a few seconds that you're on a camping trip you took 6 months prior, 700 miles away!

I like exploring what DXM does with the mind, and a heightened sense of awareness that has led to frequent deja-vu lately. A direct result of DXM? Possibly.  It was worth it, though.  Don't think for a minute I'm going to stop; might even go for the 4th plateau next time (1.5 grams for a fatass like me aint that much, people).  My advice, just remember: If you dex, start low; and don't panic when weird shit starts happening!  That's the point of drugs.  Panicking can only lead to high fever/heartrate/etc.  Contrary to popular belief, DEX doesn't cause them.  FYI, when I dex, i think my heart rate dips to record low levels :-)  Just be safe, and have fun!

-enigma0100