Man, these pills are crucial. When I first heard of painkillers referred to as 'yummies,' now I know what there talkin about. This isn't my first time doin oxycotton, but its the first time I actually purchased it, and did a pretty big amount. It was pretty awesome, but the hangover sucked ass!

[Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]

Around 6:30 PM I copped my pills, 2 40 mg Oxy's. I immediately cut one in half, and snorted that up. I was making a drive out about 20 mins to see an ex-girlfriend and figured an Oxy or two couldn't hurt. As I was driving I could feel it hittin me. Within ten minutes, I felt a nice, peaceful feeling. I turned my Project Pat Cd up a notch...not to high. But for some reason, I just felt...great. 

As I got into her neighborhood I popped the 40 I had, and saved the half for later. I was feeling pretty damn good. We chilled for a few hours, but nothing really happened cuz I was marinating in cotton...and not my clothes. I literally just posted on the couch, I don't even really remember what we talked about. But I left around 7:30. Man, I can remember it so clear now. I took out the remaining 'cotton I had left, and crushed that up...took it to the dome.

That drive home was cruuuuuucial. I was leaning soooo hard, driving on the highway, on oxy's....definitely NEVER want to do that again! Trust me! For some reason, with the exception of alcohol, I have the ability to sort-of auto pilot. It was really hard to stay awake, but I made it home. I got to my house, stood in front of my bed and literally just passed out, time was probably around 8:45 or 9 pm. 

I didn't sleep too well that night, but I did sleep some. But when I woke up, I just didn't feel right. I was slightly dizzy, I just felt hungover, from alcohol. It was was weird, but I wasn't hungry at all either. I tried to eat some cereal and pour some coffee, but within fifteen minutes I yacked that up. However, after I threw up, I felt completely fine. Like I said...weird. 

In conclusion, Oxycontin is a hell of a drug....haha you thought I was gonna say cocaine. That's another story. (Oxy's) are an expensive habit!