A friend sold me $10 worth of Salvia 6X extract, which amounted to about 4 doses. I made my way back to another friend's place, all excited about trying the strangest substance in existence. Not knowing anything about what it was going to be like, I took a seat in the living room and sat down with his pipe, and started filling it with the dry, black leaves. There were 5 other people in the room, chatting and gossipping. Lights were bright, the time was late night. I was excited, but didn't really know what to expect. I filled up the pipe with one dose, and took two long, strong hits, with a 5 second pause between them, and kept them in the lungs for about 20 seconds each. Nothing happened. I repeated the same procedure with another dose...still nothing. I felt cheated and annoyed, but I did feel a mildly stoned effect, like that of being on small amounts of weed. There was also a decent amount of dizziness involved, something I get with weed as well. I then decided to load the last 2 hits into a huge mass into the pipe, and took a gigantic hit, and immediate another to finish it all off. 

Before I had even put the pipe on the table, i didn't know what 'me' or 'pipe' or 'salvia' were. I felt a tremendous force pulling me backwards - gravity had changed its centre of action, and it was now behind me instead of below me. I felt like I weighed a few million tons, and my jaw had opened wide - the force was somehow splitting my body into two, and the line of action was concentrated along my jaw: my head was going backwards at infinite speed. I was suddenly launched from my chair into an alien sky, an incorporeal, primordial...being...travelling for centuries upwards. The forces acting on me were overwhelming, and I felt like a helpless moon stuck between the gravitional forces of two behemoth suns. I suppose my eyes were closed, but I couldn't really tell what 'light' and 'dark' meant. I saw towering spirals, circles of two colours I can't remember at this point. I couldn't really tell if I was disembodied, because the very concept of a body was absurd and unimaginable. From what my friends tell me, I started thrashing about at this point (though I didn't feel any of it at the time) and started walking toward the wall. I felt the wall when I reached it, but it was all sticky and gigantic. The force field intensified, and I was completely stuck to the wall. 

All of a sudden, a memory was implanted in my head - I was a huge chemical factory somewhere in the universe churning out huge globules of coloured, fuzzy balls. I cant quite describe what the balls were like, but there was an awareness pulsating deep within them. My solar plexus at this point started to feel warm, and a round area within in seemed to be the power-plant of the factory. It seemed like I had been involved in the activity since the beginning of time, and as the trip went on, I was actually doing it for a few million years during the process of it. I could hear the sounds of the machines working - gutteral, roaring, with clockwork precision. My skin felt as if it were made of a sticky, amorphous gel, and the only body parts that existed were those in contact with the wall and the floor. Slowly, I started to come about, and saw that I was lying on the floor with a blanket over me. It had been only 20 minutes, and I had 'passed out' on the floor of my frined's bedroom. I felt extremely dizzy, and it took me a while to feel all my body parts. I was 'out of it' for about one more hour, and baseline in one more. I felt completely normal after that, but I had serious trouble recalling all aspects of the experience. 

I've done acid and ketamine and various other substances before, but never expereinced anything quite like this. The sudden onset can be truly frightening, and the I found that the more I tried to resist the experience, the more intense the force field became until it became truly futile to resist it. 

The geometry of the room I was in was all strange and very marked for approximately the next hour - squares were more 'square-like' and circles were more 'circle-like'. I could not hear any outside music throughout the ride, but after coming out, there was no difference in sonic perception. Neither was there any difference in the intensity or tincture of objects or lights.

It was my first and only experience of not being human. I can see how people call this 'being dead', but the salvia experience is unique in that it is practically impossible to articulate what it feels like. All tactile senses are...gone? Reversed? Re-programmed? So're other senses, and it's a time when thoughts and thinking patterns really take a hike. There's no context to relate it to - after all, is it possible to talk about what it's like being a tree? Or a building? It's not about being 'high' or being 'drugged', it's about smoking a substance to experience a whole different reality buried deep within the confines of your consciousness. 'What' or 'why' still remain unanswered, like blind fools we know the 'how' and experiment recklessly. 

I don't know what I had become during the trip, and the only advice I can give to people wanting to try it is: 'resistance is futile'. There is no use trying to resist what's happening, just go with it and see where it takes you. I might try it once more so that this time I know what to do and since I'm a bit more familiar with the Salvia experience - if there ever is such a thing - I might be able to dive into it gently, but it was definitely not something distinctly pleasurable or psychologically addictive in any sense of the word.