First off, I'd like to note up until this point I'd tried coke 4 times, just a line or two each time, and never really got what was such a big deal.  It was always really fun at first, and then terrible unless I got completely trashed afterwards.  As general rule I'm more into psychedelic drugs.  Nonetheless, I'd come across a bag (1/2 of an eightball) and decided to try a little of it while camping with some friends.

Line 1 (12:30am):  Zing!  Ahhh… first rush.  Amazing, absolutely amazing.  I have a burst of energy and rising euphoria immediately.  At this point snorting that line feels like the best decision of my life.  E and N (who also snorted lines) are also feeling very good.  We walk back towards our campsite and our intoxicated friends who don't know what we are up to.  I feel very self-confident that we are getting away with this, it makes the rush even more fun with a sneaky element added to it.  The clearness of my coke high at this point makes me feel intelligent and superior to drunk people, but in a loving way.  I describe it as a speedy, narcissistic euphoria.

As soon as we get back to the site (20 minutes after line 1) it's not feeling as amazing as it did at first.  We bump the high back up with a bowl and this makes for a fun combination… for a while.  I drink a bit to try and bring it up too, but after 45 minutes I realize all the booze and weed in the world aren't going to make this line feel as good as it did initially – so I start to freak out.  Anxiety plagues me, the idea of doing more creeps into my head constantly and is driving me nuts.  I feel so good still and I try to focus on that… but to no avail.  I hate this feeling, but at the same time I love it.  I only meant to taste a little bit of the bag for tonight, but I decide to say fuck it.  I convince E and N to go in on the rest of the bag with me.

Line 2 (2:00am):  This is a fat one.  Wow.  It instantly kills my craving, giving it a beauty all in it's own.  I feel as if I've been elevated to a new plane of awareness and comfort.  This round is not as speedy as before, it's more of an aroused, loving, alert euphoria.  Right away we smoke a bowl, and the three of us have found a perfect synergy.  Thoughts and concepts circle through my head similar to that of an eye opening MDMA experience.  Honestly, I feel like we are "rolling" on coke.  E, N and I walk and discuss our friendships and personalities in depth, I feel very close to the two of them right now.  I feel as if the three of us are moving each other spiritually.  Even as the high trails off, I don't have the anxious desire to do more like I did after that first line… although another line wouldn't hurt.

Line 3 (4:00am):  With this the bag is gone.  We finish our lines by the beach, and our experience begins to change modes.  We smoke another bowl with this line, again complimenting it perfectly for me.  I have a sense of relief that the bag is gone, and feel like reflecting on my evening.  This time it seems like my euphoria comes from a sense of closure with this drug and with my summer coming to an end.  I am moving back to Minnesota for school, and I feel very alright with that.  I look back on the rushing, anxious feeling from my first line and laugh… this drug isn't worth that anxiety to me, I feel like I have power over it instead of it having power over me at this point.  We all lay down around 5:30am and although I definitely notice the lack of dopamine present in my brain I feel surprisingly logical about it – this experience is over, I have no desire for more coke to fix it, just sleep.

This coke experience was incredibly enjoyable for me as it followed the format my trips/rolls often take.  The initial overwhelming, intensity of an alternate reality, followed by an opportunity for a spiritual/mind expanding journey and ending with a comfortable reflection and application to life period.  If I do coke again, I only want to do it if I can go all out and do quite a bit of coke, as well as smoke a lot of marijuana with it.