I'm fairly expierenced in drugs, but never had I tried crack cocaine, until one faithful night. Before I continue, I'd like to say that this happened over 3 months ago and I haven't touched crack since. 
  Most people think it's wierd that I ended up trying herion before LSD, MDMA, and coke. Reading quite a bit on the internet sparked my interest in cocaine, but I never had the balls to try it for some reason until one night...

  My friend calls me up and tells me that he wants to smoke out, so I agree and head off to his house. (My friend's dad doesn't care about us doing drugs since he's a crackhead himself. Him and his friend actually bought it for us.) When I get there, we take out the bong and hit a few bowls. My friend then says he has something to show me, so he leads me to his garage and reaches behind some box and pulls out one of those ring box things.
  I look at him wierd as he shows me the box. He opens it and explains to me what it is. I got pretty nervous, because I'm very cautious when it comes to deadly drugs. Somehow, he calms me down and talks me into taking a hit...or a few.
  We walk back to his room and he takes out this metal socket and pushes a piece of brillo pad into the end of the small metal socket. My friend then proceeds to show me how to smoke it. Then, it was time...

   My friend handed me the pipe and started to break off a piece of crack. With my heart pounding against my chest, I grab the piece of crack, lift the pipe up, and place the piece of crack on top. My first hit didn't do anything, because I didn't know to hold in the smoke.
   All my fears of crack were now gone, and I was anxiously waiting for my first successful hit. I took the pipe and this time held in the smoke for around 30 seconds. When i exhaled it felt like an orgasm. This was truely one of the best highs I had expierenced.

   Me and my friend proceeded to smoke and push the pipe until we had ran out. Wanting more we go take a hit off of his dad's friend's pipe. Once everybody runs out, we go on a crack run. My crack high was winding down and I wanted a hit pretty bad.
   Luckily, we got the last pieces of the batch which my friend are the strongest and he wasn't kidding. We returned to my friend's room and go back to smoking. This crack felt incredibly stronger. After the first hit, my mouth was beginning to go numb and I had an incredible head high. We didn't stop till we had finished, and heart was beating at an incredible pace.
   I couldn't sleep at all. I wasn't high, but there was no way I could sleep. Unfortunately, my friend fell asleep and I had to listen to my friend's dad's crackhead friend tell me all this spiritual mumbo jumbo.

   We continued the crack smoking for 2 more days and I decided to go back home. I'll never forget those 3 days. Smoking crack is a very pleasurable thing, if not abused. Most people can't get over the addiction, like my friend's dad who is now in jail. 
   I'm not going to lie, if someone offered me a hit right now I'd take it. I'm in no way addicted, though. I've been without it for 3 months now and I doubt I will try it again for another couple of years. Until then, I'll stay with my best friend, mary jane.