[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.] 

I had watched friends of mine buy the aerosole cans of butane, for the refillible butane lighters and inhale them. This is done by putting a piece of cloth (the sleeve of your t-shirt works good) over the little dispenser nozzle. You then bite down on the nozzle with your front teeth, push down, close your mouth around it, and inhale. Well they seemed to be having fun so i tired it. The first few 10 sec long inhlation did nothing. However after prefecting my inhaling technique, and doing several hits one right after another, stoping only to exhale, i began to hear a strange 'whua-whua' song repeating over and over. Then after several more hits, i got this very weak fealing, and everything got lighter in color. My vision began to flash form normal to just seeing black. I got a very discounacted fealing. I just sat back and what the lights and felt very messed up.The flashing lights lasted obly about 2 minutes. The discounted fealing lasted about 5 minutes.

A few tips for thoose who are going to try this, or have but only a few times. You will reach the peak of a high, dont inhale anymore, just let the high die before doing anymore hits during a high wont do much, beside be wastefull. However fun this might sound, please be careful, don't do more than 10oz of the this stuff during one day. Also some side effects are you will become very tired after several highs. You will get a very strong head ache that lasts about 12 hours. And worst of all, your lungs will kill the next day. I had a horrible cough for about 4 days after doing butane once, and my friend had to go to the doctor becuase of damage he'd done to his lungs. So if you do do butane, dont do it very much, better go buy some nitrous.