I got the mix from a fairly reliable website that offered a sampler of different herbal smokes.  I managed to get an extra joint containing the fly agaric because my father taught me a lot about the ritualistic power of mushrooms (thanks, dad!) and I wanted to smoke this one with him while I was in town visiting.  When I approached him with the joint, he said I should save it with my friends, and that I'd have more fun being on drugs with them.  I was a little disappointed, but decided that he was right, and I planned to do it at a small party one of my friends was having the following week.

The day of the party, I started into heavy meditation after a light breakfast.  I let my mind wander and run in loops until I felt clear of any distracting thoughts.  While going through various breathing exercises, I felt troubled by certain responsibilities I hadn't been keeping up and it stopped me from reaching a comfortable level in meditation.  I stayed in a lotus position for hours until I had to get dressed and leave.

When most of my friends got there, we went off to smoke.  While they kicked back and smoked pot, I took out the amanita joint and lit it.  The first thing I noticed when taking a hit was that the smoke was flavorless, despite containing the raw sewage-tasting Calea, and that I could take as large hits as I want, breathing completely in, and even taking a French Draw (letting the smoke waft out of the mouth and having it be sucked into your lungs through the nose).  Smoking itself was so enjoyable that when I was finished with the first joint, I lit up the other and continued smoking.

After I had finished the second joint, I sat back and got involved in conversation.  I didn't feel anything right away, but as I talked, I felt conversation flowing more easily and the subjects got more intense.  After a half-hour or so, someone suggested taking a walk to the store.  As I stood up, I felt all the blood rush to my head, and it stayed there as I walked.  From that point on, I stopped talking, and kept on a long-running internal dialogue.  I ran through everything that I could think of in my life and told myself that I accept it.  I felt myself elevating above all of my problems, petty differences, and trivialities.  It was if I were emotionally invincible and that nothing short of death could squelch my peace.  This feeling lasted two hours.  After that, my fatigue was getting to me and my mind swarmed with thoughts as I slowly crept down from the mental invulnerability.

As a final treat, the Calea that was in the joint gave me amazingly vivid dreams that (while completely irrelevant) finished off the experience with a sense of wonder.