I am just coming back to reality as I write this so it might sound rambling but I am dying to attempt to sum up the sheer beauty and majesty of the last 7 hours of my life.  First off, I am a senior in high school who is just beginning to discover the universe.  I love thinking about life and everything involved with it and I've always thought of myself as an observant person.  Lately, it's seemed as if my whole life has been leading up to something, and I can now confidently and happily say that it was indeed my first ever true experience with mushrooms.  Although I had eaten mushrooms on one occassion before this, I didn't really trip that hard so I still considered myself a psychedelics virgin.
  
I had purchased a 1/4 of mushrooms from a friend on Monday and was psyched the entire week for what awaited me.  I knew that I was in for the time of my life, but I had no idea just how amazing that time would be.  On Saturday, after coming home from the Poconos where I had attended a huge semi-formal post party, I made plans with my good friend H to take the mushrooms at 8 in between napping and basically resting up all day.  My parents were in the city for the night and I was pleased with how well things were coming together - a theme that would later run rampant.
  
At 8, H showed up with two other mutual friends, GP and T, and we immediately scarfed down our mushrooms.  Right as we started eating, my other good friends with whom I had bought the mushrooms but who didn't go to the Poconos showed up at my house as well.  They had already eaten their share eariler in the afternoon and were coming down from their trip but were still heavily ensconsed by the powers of the mushroom.  Their sheer giddiness and goofiness really brightened the mood and made all of us excited in the possibilities about the night that lay ahead. As soon as we finished consuming our mushrooms, I put on the Pink Floyd song 'Echoes' and synched it up with the 'Jupiter' sequence from Stanley Kubrick's '2001' which I knew would be the perfect setting for the transition into insanity.  When the song was over, I felt a little different, and could feel myself of being on the verge of tripping.  We went for a walk around my neighborhood and it was when I was walking that I could actually notice the mushrooms take effect as I began tripping pretty hard.  This being my first true psychedelic experience, I had no idea what to expect but I found my expectations surpassed instantly.  

It's very difficult to describe the trip itself because it was so complex and so intense but overall it was just an overwhelming feeling of complete and absolute joy.  I completely lost all sense of time and place and was just observing life around me.  My brain had made connections that I never thought were possible but were suddenly so blatantly obvious that it made me question the way I had lived my life up to that point and realize what's really important in life.  Suddenly my whole idea of existence was turned upside down and I was just in a constant state of disbelief over life in general and the awesomeness of the universe and everything it holds. This was definitely a life changing experience and I've learned many valuable lessons.  First of all, I dscovered that I am existence - everything exists because I perceive that it exists.  This led me to realize that I am the universe and that everyone in the world has their own idea of what their universe is so that basically life isn't anything except that it just is.  
  
The one thing that me and my friends admired about the mushroom trip was that it was so unbelievably intense but at the same time everything was just so clear and everything made sense.  We noticed that the trip resembled a rollercoaster - everyone would simultaneously drift off into outer space for a period of time only to drift back to reality for a few moments before getting blasted off into space once more.  The entire time I wanted to express what I was feeling but it was just so overwhelmming that I had difficulty completing sentences and getting a clear train of thought going.  Music definitely helped boost my trip and for most of the night we tried to vary up the atmosphere and the music to see how it would affect our trip.  (I'd like to sum up the effect of two of my favorite bands: The String Cheese Incident produced prolonged feelings of joy and The Disco Biscuits caused us to trip the hardest.) Not only do I have a renewed appreciation for the powers of music and its ability to control mood, I also have a new appreciation for just about everything else in the world.  During my trip I came to realize that life itself is art and the entire time I was consumed with the most intense feeling of happiness I've ever experienced in my life simply because I realized how amazing it is to be alive.  

At about 11, I was tripping real hard and was getting very antsy sitting around my house so I left and smoked a blunt rolled with extremely dank nuggets and with mushroom shake mixed in as well.  It was after I smoked this that I began peaking and I was tripping unbelievably hard with intense open eyed visuals and auditory hallucinations as well.  I peaked from about 11 to 1 and at 1 when I began coming down me, H, and GP smoked a few bowls out of my bubbler and relaxed, still tripping very hard but always looking back on the peak and realizing just how surreal and awesome it was. My friends left at around 1 and I ended my trip by just hanging out and listening to music.  One of my favorite parts of the trip was discovering reality again and seeing how what I learned under the influence can be positively applied to sober, everyday normal living.  In the end, I have discovered that mushrooms are one of the best substances on the face of the earth and I recommend them highly to anyone who is looking to analyze and observe everything and especially to those who aren't afraid of the truth.  Although I enjoyed my experience tremendously, I also realize that tripping on mushrooms is one of those things that is best if it is saved up for special occassions.  I am now very bleary-eyed and dozing off so I am going to get some much needed rest!