My First experiance with the divine was rather uncomfortable, I must admit that I had never tried any other mind altering drug before the divine. I fought the whole experiance and was very scared when I came back to reality. Now to my great experiance.

I was at my house in my room, parents gone, with my cousin who I will call M. M has never tried Divine, so I had him sit down in an easy chair and gave him a mild 5x dose just to see his sensativity. He said he liked it alot. I then gave him a medium dose of 10x. After his trip we switched roles he became the sitter. I sat infront of my computer and put on the trippy 3d cube screen saver and smoked the salvia. I held it in deep for 20 seconds.

I felt the familiar pull away from reality. Starring at the cube, I became the cube. Looking back at my body from the cube's perspective. Then the cube, ME, went through a wall, a wall of color in the screen saver. It was an amazing feeling to pass through a seemingly solid wall. I then heard my name being called. I instantly came back to my body, but still sort of part of the cube as well. I quikley turned to see who called my name only to see no one, but a voice spoke to me and said where have you been. Then for some reason I stood up and walked down stairs. When I stood up I was back to reality but still under medium effects of the Divine. It felt like when I walked a force like gravity was pushing me forward wherever I walked. My sitter had left and went down stairs to get food, great sitter huh?, anyways I started trying to explain what all happened to him but it was very difficult to speak clearly, so I sat down and laid my head back and rode the salvia until I was normal.

Now able to speak clearly I told M what happened and I asked if he said anything to me during the whole experiance, an dhe said no, not a word. This was sort of scary yet amazing to hear, something was definitely talking to me but it wasnt human, spirits possibly. Anyways this was a very delightful and mind blowing experiance that has brought a new reality to life to me.<!--Be safe Keep this wonderful incense legal.-->