This is a report of the trip I had last night:

Last night I decided to do a low dose mushroom trip. It was 10:00 PM. I ate maybe 1 gram of mushrooms (they were quite strong.) I steeped them in hot water for about thirty minutes, hoping this would cause me to trip faster, and drank the whole thing, solids and all, in a few gulps. At about the 25 minute mark I could barely feel the onset of the trip, just a wee little mushroom buzz.

Earlier in the week, I had made some excellent hash oil from an eighth of colorado nug (I used petroleum ether for the extraction, then washed with water.) The great thing about good hash oil is that you can get as high as you want in one hit. I am not kidding about this. I have an incredibly low sensitivity to pot, but a few drops of this shit sends me into stoned nirvana. So anyway, I loaded about 3 times my normal amount of oil onto a piece of tin foil, vaporized, and inhaled crack style. 
	
What happened next was amazing. I went from baseline to tripping in about 10 sec. Now, anyone who has tried hash oil knows the rush that happens when you get high really really quickly. Well, this was 47 times more intense. The only thing I can compare it to is salvia, but it's totally different. After I took the hit I turned around to stare at the door and the grains of wood just started going nuts, shifting around and trying to envelope me. I suppose this could have been really scary, but it ended up being quite blissful. I began to realize that this was not going to be a normal 1 gram mushroom experience. It felt like a completely new drug.

For me, cannabis, even large amounts, usually just relaxes and confuses my trip slightly, makes it more dreamy. Well, this time I felt a clarity that I've never felt before. I felt strangely in charge of my trip, like it was a lucid dream. Things were a bit weird at first. I tried to navigate around my room with little success. Somehow, I slipped in the movie Erin Brockovich. I tried to watch it for a while, but I couldn't really pay attention (surprise), and eventually the screen went from being a square to a pyramid. I closed my eyes, and this is where it got really interesting.
	
I began to concentrate, or meditate, or whatever. The space I was taken to was made from all the experiences of my other trips. But it was infused with a kind of logic. For a while, all I could think about was math. For example, I remembered that, in set theory, unless you define a universal set (the set which contains all other sets, but not itself), paradox occurs. Is the universal set for all existence just the observable universe? Does everything that is conceivable actually exist? I thought about induction and proof and measurment. It was indescribable. Oh great mystery.
	
The next part of the trip was sexual, pure and simple. I controlled it all. I made waves of pleasure energy travel all over my body. I trapped them in myself. I made them rise exponentially. Fun.
	
I continued in meditation, content to be in such a different and interesting place. This is where I first recognized the memories from my other trips. They had been there all along. I was figuring them out. There was sadness, but it was so beautiful. The end is too confusing to remember, as usual. But all evidence points goodness during this part of the experinece.
	
Whenever I come back from a trip, I feel distincly like I'm waking up. This usually sucks. It's a bad waking up, like when it's seven o'clock in the morning and you have a test. You want to go back to sleep but the voices and noises of reality are pulling you out. Well, this time it was like waking up at two o'clock in the afternoon. And there're pancakes, and it's all welcoming. Ahhh.
	
Back to reality. I glance at my alarm clock. It's 3:30 AM. I am still stimulated, but sleep is easy.
	
In conclusion, this was my best trip ever. I mean, no where near the pure, reality shattering intensity of 5 hits of acid, which is fun and totally crazy and really scary, but warm and forgiving and beautiful and enlightening.