12:15 Snorted one line of oxycontin, apx. 40 mg (half the pill), while walking home after a rather interesting mushroom trip. 1-2 minutes later, began to feel off balance and get the body high.

12:30 Started to feel nautious from the drip going down my throat (the green coating on the 80 mg oxy tablets tastes very nasty when snorted, i picked out the big pieces but it was still pretty bad). We tried to make it to a drinking fountain, but ended up just stumbling up to it and getting mocked by the people playing basketball. Eyes began to feel very heavy as we neared my humble home.

12:40 Collapsed on carpet at house, felt very nautious but drank soda despite cautions excerted by friends. Started to feel a lot better, and since nobody wanted the rest of my oxy, I decided it might be a good idea to increase my high and snort it. I was very, very wrong.

12:50 Drip was unbearable, I finally decided to just snort the water (gets rid of the drip much faster but feels very unpleasant, I normally only do this with coke as the coke counteracts the unpleasant feelings, but the oxy high would have to do). I started to sit by the toilet every few minutes, whenever i felt nautious.

2:00 Violent puking began, first I ran to the bathroom, then my other friend who snorted some oxy as well ran to another bathroom. My mother was coming home at 3, so this started to scare me. I also had to take out the trash, knowing my neighbors could see me all messed up next door. I went to get the trash can, got the urge to throw up and threw up in the bush in front of my neighbors. They didn't say anything, just stared. I took the trash can into the side yard, puked a few more times, and ran to get the other trash can, throwing up on the way. My shirt got very dirty with black flakey gooey things. In putting away the trash cans, I must have thrown up at least 10 times.

4:00 My mother still was not home, so i decided to score some acid and wait at the park for my next ounce of shrooms. Apparently my friends and I waited for 2 hours until 6:00, and I hadn't really noticed as i started to fall asleep, upon which I was woken up becuase my friend noticed I had stopped breathing entirely. Not a good sign. They kept me awake for about 30 minutes, then I took my last 2 purple gel tabs to keep myself awake for the remainder of the oxy high, which I thought would've worn off soon after the vomitting. My friend who also took the same amount of oxy had lost his high and was jealous and felt sorry for me at the same time. Finally it just zoomed into the acid trip and I forgot all about this horrible oxy experience. My friend and I vowed never to do oxy again, we also vowed to not do DXM again, but that's an unrelated issue. Goodbye and have a great flight.