Id recieved a care package yesterday morning from a friend. Hed scored 500mgs of 2c-t-2 in europe and 'sold' me 100mgs for 20dollars. That was three months back, he finally got around to sending it to me. Quite unexpected.

Now iv tried lsd, lsa, lsa tinctures, various street 'acids' and 2c-i in the past and was looking forward to trying this out. Id made very little preparations before this. With a few previous bad trips behind me i decided to take 100mgs of metropolol(an adrennalin blocker). Just so i wouldnt do something very stupid or get insanely worked up. Think of them as zannax.

Id gotten quite edgy of late, so i decided to down a rocks glass of straight 151 rum, to calm my nerves. In retrospect my mindset was already quite agitated and i normally would have not gone through with this psycho-nautical excursion.

I went into the bathroom and very unscientifically poured the 100mgs of 2c-t-2 powder onto my mirror board. I cut it into lines so i had ten perfect and seeming the same size lines of it. Remembering how someone had stated that this wasnt the friendliest drug to snort, i decided to lick two of the l(20mgs) up and hold them on my tongue, swirling it around. Nasty tasting stuff.

 [Erowid Note: 
Two samples of powder (even of the same chemical) with equivalent volumes won't necessarily weigh the same. For this reason, eyeballing is an inaccurate and potentially dangerous method of measuring, particularly for substances that are active in very small amounts.
See <a href="/psychoactives/basics/basics_measuring1.shtml">this article on The Importance of Measured Doses.] 

I waited a good ten minutes, nothing beyond the fact my mouth felt very warm and tingly. Suddenly remembering id somewhere to be the next day i decided to shave. I didnt notice till i was about halfway through shaving that i couldnt see very clearly. My pupils were quite dilated. Fear struck me cold. I couldnt do much at that point. I calmed down after  afew moment and very slowly took time to shave very carefully. Though i cut myself mildly(i havent in years). Afterwords, maybe 20 mins after the first dose i noticed that my pupils were as large as dinner plates. The waves of fear and anxiety returned.

As a cartoon lover, i decided a good way to relax and try and enjoy/study the effects of this new chemical, id pop Brother Bear into the dvd player. This is where i noticed some very odd mental effects. I sat down and studied my stack of cartoon dvds for perhaps twenty minutes. Marvelling at the artwork on the boxes. Then shifting into a panic when i couldnt be certain if Brother Bear was the best movie for me to chill to. Id become severely panicked and put in the first movie id come across, Bad Santa.

After another glass of rum, I decided that the effects were all in my head. I was just having a very bad panic atatck and must continue. So i promptly ate 15 more mgs of 2c-t-2. I know now that of course i wasnt thinking rationally. I never use recklessley like that.

At this point in the night, perhaps an hour and a half id gotten dressed in clothes i loved. The comforting factor is what i was looking for. Id started talking rapidly and spouting off my tirade of goverepression to my dad. We talked for hours on the subject, while i drank and ate a massive amount of fried chicken. The alcohol was acting as a downer and i started to feel very tired physically, if still energized mentally.

Fast forward eight hours, ive been up watchinga  ww2 movie marathon. Being far to caught up in the movies. Sucked into them. At moments i kept thinking of what i will do next(as if im actually part of the movie). Moments of confusion afterwords untill i remembered where i was again. I re-checked my pupils and they were still dinner plate size. Id put on some sun glasses since the sun started to come up. The light was that painfull.

Id come down somewhat id guess, my mental faculties coming back. I started becoming very scared of when this would all end. The tv no longer was a portal into another realm, i realized that it was just the drugs effect. That i prolly should have been worrying about meeting my friend ina  few hours. Luckily within the next two hours my pupils had gone back to near normal. The constant agitation was gone, but my pupils were non responsive. Odd.

Id put off my driving for two more hours till i felt 100% normal and had no physical signs anymore. Overall this was an odd experience. It had the property of sometimes leaving me totally coherent in thoughts and then off in that world of over introspection/fantasy. Definitely worth the weirdness and im glad i tried it. Though the experience wasnt what id call pleasureable. I cant see any usefullness for this. My thinking was quite skewed and the constant fear and agitation it gave me(or i gave myself) left me unable to truly be objective.