About ten years ago, when I was 28-years-old, I had my first of many out of body experiences. I was lying in bed on a Saturday morning, trying to get an additional hour or two of sleep before arising and tending to my daily duties. I was floating in that in between state of wakefulness and sleep--the hypnogagic (sp?) state I've since learned--where I'm still lucid, yet feel sleep and/or dream fragments sliding amongst my cerebral cortex. Suddenly I felt and heard an intense buzzing in the center of my forehead commence, right where some might say the Third Eye resides. I had felt it before in my life, even as a child, and never paid much attention to it. But in this particular instance, it kept growing in intensity and volume to a frightening level. 

Out of nowhere, something inside me told me to 'go with it,' which I did. That's when, still lucid, I willed myself to roll out of myself, as it were, and like a soap bubble bursting, I suddenly found 'myself', or my spirit body, lying on the floor next to my bed. With some difficulty, I stood up and looked down at, lo and behold, my sleeping physical form still lying beneath the sheets. I was astonished, to say the least, and I distinctly remember thinking to myself, 'I am out of my body! How cool!'

My spirit body then walked about the room and I 'saw' myself standing naked in front of a full-length mirror, eyes wide open and smiling like a fool. I thought, 'This has to be a dream; I'm lucid dreaming.' Then I willed myself to float up to the ceiling, which I did easily. I turned upside down and walked the length of the room, all the time noting my sleeping physical body resting peacefully on the bed. I walked up walls, passed through the bedroom window, and 'floated' two stories over my neighborhood. 

At this point, I felt no fear, just complete exhiliration. I came back into the bedroom, and I noticed that the bedroom door was transparent, along with the walls. I could see my entire apartment as if all physical barriers had melted. I saw across the hall into the bathroom, where my ex-wife was applying something to my five-year-old daughter's knee. At this point, the sight of loved ones suddenly 'sucked' me back into my sleeping body, where I 'woke up' with a start. I got up, opened the now-closed door and raced into the frontroom. I explained my experience to my ex. She stared at me unbelieving for most of my tale until I got to the part about 'seeing' her in the bathroom with my daughter. She told me that ten minutes previous she had been putting a band-aid on my daughter's knee while sitting on the edge of the tub. 'Was he bedroom door closed?' I asked. She replied yes, and she knew I was still sleeping because she could hear me snoring.

Since that first experience, I've had dozens--if not hundreds--of OBE's. They usually occur when I awake at three or four in the morning (I'm a mild insomniac) and I try to get back to sleep. Then the Third Eye buzzing occurs, and I go with it. With practice over the years, I have learned to manipulate (for lack of a better word) the experience, and have transcended space and time in my travels. I've propelled my astral body into outerspace, feeling the coldness of the stars upon me, and even into other people's homes. I've gone back in time and seen myself as a child interacting with my family. I've communicated with beings of unknown origin, met myself in different dimensions, etc. Very strange, yet very wonderful. 

This is not to imply, however, that I can control these experiences or the frequency with which they occur. Sometimes it's difficult to ascertain whether they're true OBE's or just lucid dreaming states. I do notice, however, that they occur during times of stress or life-changing phases. Now I know, as any psycho-therapist will attest to, that victims of physical and/or sexual trauma leave their bodies as a defense mechanism, but my subjective experiences seem to stem from a different place. I have used and abused psychoactive substances for 25 years, and as one friend said, I may have inadvertently opened chakras through drug use that allow this phenomena to occur.
But it's never happened during a drug experience that I can recall.

I haven't had an OBE episode in a long while--maybe a year, but I truly beleive the validity of the experiences and know that everything I've been taught, and everything I've learned, has more than two sides to the story: beyond lies the infinite.