At 8pm Sat. night i injested a pill containing apx. 50mgs AMT. (more than 40mgs but less than 65 mgs.) 3 hours later i FELT nothing, but i noticed things in my perriferal vision would be giving off a flashy appearance, such as the sky. i have had this strobe-light-behind-my-eyes effect before while on LSA. 5 hours had passed and i was not feeling anything.

I returned to my friends warehouse and discussed my situation with him, there about 10 others on AMT were explaining this madness to me. I WANTED IN. he gave me apx. 30 more milligrams of AMT in a pill and i took it right away. i went and got a milkshake at steak and shake and smorked some cigarettes. while at steak and shake i noticed a strange feelling in my chest. it wasnt so much pressure..it was like just a feeling of something foreign being within me. like a bubble in my chest or something. it wasnt terribly bad, just odd. my head also felt very free and open

2 hours later i returned to the warehouse. i sat down in the circle of AMTers as we were preparing to share a joint of marijuanna. i felt nervous and lots of anxiety. my body felt stressed and i was sweating a lot. i felt like i was on too much speed. the body load i was getting from amt was immense. i took a deep hit of the pot and passed. again to me and pass. all of a sudden a felt a sudden unpredictable rush emitting from all of my body. my mind my back my arms everywhere. i no longer felt uncomfortable. i felt supercharged, like BLANKA on street fighter. This was a chaotic thunderous rage from deep within me. like a giant guerrilla was tied down inside my body and fighting to get the hell out. I was in a glorious confusion-panic ecstacy. i was overcome with this feeling for a long time, the feeling that you get when you are about to be in a car crash or when you are running for your life. this is a fucking mental seizure. a controlling empowerment of hell.

This is the drug i want to live on! i want to be on this drug when im breaking out of prison or when fighting to stay alive, this sounds like a fucking tryptamine. 

the glorious name 'tryptamine' is a perfect explination of this glowing RAGE. 
this is fucking IT-290
this is how it feels to be born.
this is how it feels to die.
this is mortal combat meet Nikola Teslas mind meets trapped in a small box!
i have overcommit to these energetic ecstacies.
i am riding this spaceship into the center of hell. 

That is how powerfull AMT led me on through the light, and into the next day. i still feel it slightly... lasted at least 15 hours hard. 

Several of a group of space cadets and i have been experimenting with this chemical.
we've come to see that everyone has their own 'special required' dose and if they go too far over it gets bad. if I take too much I may end up vommitting sick in the fetal position until it calms down a little.. but that is rare and only happened in a couple occasions out of many. it took me about 75-85mg to get going... i am a big guy and have experianced a lot of chemicals, that may or may not be a factor.

Some people who had no experiance and werent terrrible big also required more. some big people didnt need much at all. whenever a new person would try amt we would give them a small dose and wait 2-3 hours, then if needed we would dose up a little more, and see how it went. the pot was a key element as it really made the AMT effects prominant. POT is a great amplifyer. i dont smoke pot regularly and only have about 15 times, but it was perfect for this drug.

The setting we were in was a big warehouse where lots of people had been playing various music forms in different rooms...some people hanging out in rooms smoking etc. lots of friendly people and friends. several people were on AMT. it made everyone so talkative energetic and funny. it was like a creativity encourager.