this happened about 5 years ago. I had been reading Plants of the Gods and i got extremely interested in datura. So one night an older friend who had tried it before came over with a plastic bag full of leaves and bright orange flowers. He boiled 2 flowers and a handful of leaves in 2 cups of water for about 15 minutes. He then took it off the stove and blended it all up. He strained the solids out for me and i gulped  down one medium-sized glass of this dark,thick, furry tasting tea. The taste was horrible!

Half an hour later nothing much was happening so i gulped down another glass of the tea. Within an hour i was feeling a very drunk-like intoxication. I was staggering very badly, crashing into walls and i had an intensely dry  mouth.

From here on in I'll have to relate what my friends told me as I can only remember small fragments. I was having totally life-like hallucinations, the ceiling of the room we were siting in had a thick layer of white cobwebs, don't know if the spider was there. Apparently, i kept walking into the bathroom as there was a naked blonde woman standing in the shower who i would keep having conversations with. At some point i projectile vomited over all walls, ceiling and floor of the bathroom which one of my friends kindly mopped up.

They tell me that i would go to the toilet perform the action of pulling my dick out of my pants but didn't actually do it and i pissed myself this happened twice. I then took all my clothes off and one friend put his dressing gown  on me. I pissed on that too.

We then sat down in the lounge room to smoke some weed. When it was my turn i put the bong to my mouth but i was lighting the stem instead of the cone, after about ten minutes my freinds finally got me to do it right, but as the cone was sucked down i pulled away and handed it back with the pipe still full of smoke.

My girlfriend was there but i didn't really like her anymore and I acted as if she did not exist. One of my friends, who i was very close to and also had a crush on, was the only person I would believe all night. At one point she told me I was staring at her mumbling, I would talk but no sound came out, and i suddenly reached over and grabbed her tit!

Sometime later i went to bed with my girlfriend but still did not acknowledge that she was there. I thought I had gone to bed like an hour after dosing but it was apparently about 8 hours. I woke up still tripping a bit and my vision was fucked for about one week afterwards, also i went throough bouts of depression over the next year and i believe i didn't fully recover for a  year!

All in all I had a great experience and am very glad i did it. I cannot drink any kind of tea at all now though. I have done datura a few times since, never been that fucked though, although i can't drink  the tea so i just eat the fresh flowers. Each time you take it you seem to(at least i do) be able to control the trip and remember it a bit more.

Datura is VERY dangerous though so always have a sitter and don't take too much!  Have fun!