June 29 - 40 mg DPT freebase, smoked.

This was a wonderful experience.   I was with my wife, M, and another friend, S, who is very experienced in things both transpersonal and psychedelic. He was trained by Grof in Holotropic Breathwork, and has had about twenty lifetimes of experience more than I have, both with the sacred and the profane. None of us had tried DPT before, but after educating ourselves thoroughly, we decided to give it a go. I measured out 40 mg exactly, placed it in a glass freebase pipe, and applied a torch lighter.  The substance evaporated quickly and efficiently, and I got a very large lungfull of the smoke, which I held in as long as I could.  It wasn't too harsh, but had a chemical, sickening sweet taste to it. Nothing intolerable though.

Within seconds I could feel my ego falling apart, and it was a little scary, but not as overwhelming or out-of-control as I had experienced with other drugs.  It's just that not having done the drug before, I wasn't sure how far I was going to go, what was going to happen when I got there, or if I was ever going to come back! I was still able to speak however, and the first thing that came out of my mouth was, 'It's beautiful!' Then, 'It's intense!'  My visual field was highly psychedelicized, but that wasn't really the best part of it.

At some point I had taken the hands of my wife and S in mine, and now I was looking back and forth into their faces, which were morphing intensely and rapidly. I looked long and hard into S's face, and his expressions were changing every second, it was as if I were looking at dozens of different people at once.  His eyes were very understanding and seemed to communicate volumes instantaneously. I immediately understood that we went back a long, long way, even though I've only known him for six months or so, in this life anyway. Yet he understood so much; it was highly telepathic.  I was filled with awe, and infinity and eternity, but not overwhelmingly so, just a taste of Satchitananda, if that is possible.

I was just on the edge, and I was enjoying it! And I felt as if there were thousands of volts of electricity flowing through our arms, I must have been squeezing their hands awfully tight! S tapped into it amazingly easily, and I felt as if he were right there with me.

I didn't want to let my ego completely dissolve just yet, so I centered myself with my breath and tried to come back down to earth, which I eventually did.  Over the course of the next 30 minutes or so I gradually came back, although it took some time for me to get back into my body completely.  I got up and paced around for a while, feeling as if I were outside of my body, yet still able to direct it, almost unconsciously. It was as if my free will was somehow usurped, yet I was still more or less in control, it is hard to describe that feeling. I had a tremendous amount of vibrational energy pulsing through my body.

My legs and arms were trembling intensely, and my heart rate was up, but other than this there was no body load at all to speak of. (I rarely get much of a body load however, which I attribute to keeping a very clean body in the first place.) S and I talked a great deal about the trip, and his remarks and insights helped me to integrate the experience wonderfully. After 45 minutes to an hour I felt completely normal again.

S went next, and took it all in stride wonderfully, as I knew he would.  M went last, and also had a very positive and intense experience, like nothing she has ever experienced before, according to her. I'm sure I will use this substance again, in time, as next time I will have a better idea what to expect, and how to flow with it. I can recommend it highly to those who are willing to approach it with reverence and care.