6:00pm I took two caps of DXM enjoyed the usual effects of the DXM for two hrs; then got bored and decided to kick it up a notch with 2.5 mgs of 5-meo-AMT.

8:00pm took 5-meo-AMT, DXM still going strong

9:00pm slight nausia from 5-meo-AMT. The DXM buzz is plateaued I'd say level 3. Feeling very happy and excited looking forward to a new experience I'v never tried this combination before.

10:00pm the 5-meo-AMT is finally coming on it always takes two hrs for me. Vomiting or diarea thankfully are a no show; and no strong visuals as of yet. However I'm feeling flushing much stronger than usual. Still wearing my DXM helmet, I feel as if I ingested an almost lethal dose of amphetamine. I fear I'm rushing too hard , I feel restless and cant set still.

10:30 my body is shaking uncontrollably, my pulse is more than doubled , I'm sweating profusely ,and I can't catch my breath. Being all alone and knowing that I have a good 12 hrs left of this trip I attempt to convince myself that it is all in my head. I put a comforting movie on , lay in bed and desperetly try to calm my breathing.

11:00pm mood alteration unsuccessful now in a full blown state of panic! -- Know I've always belived that if there is anything worse than a bad trip it would be a bad trip in an emergency room, but in this state with not knowing the level, or severity of danger I may be in doctors are starting to sound pretty good.

11:30pm I spent the last 1/5 hr pacing and contemplating a call involving the numbers 911. My condition seeming to get worse, and now the hallusinations coming on strong, I finally make a decision. I call a good friend across town and explain the awful situation, and ask if they will be my emergency babysitter thankfully they say yes so I call a cab and return to my pacing as I wait.

11:45pm the pacing seems to be increasing my already high pulse rate so I decide to sit and have a cigarette. I sit for a moment attempting to calm my breathing when I finally feel calm enough I place a smoke in my lips and when I flick my bic the flash of flint seems to be everywhere.thousands of isolated flashs ignite throughout the entire room. I'm not startled its as if I had been waiting for it to happen all night. Smoking was very calming I was enjoying visuals produced by the smoke it appeared to be 5-8 small fat people lacking gender rolling and laughing happily.

12:00am oh god the taxi is here! I enter the taxi in a state of horror. The taxi driver said where to in a voice I immediately associated with the devil. Still sweating, and breathing hard, I offer the address in a trembling voice. The cab ride was 15 mins of attempting to maintain sanity, while hearing voices forming from the sounds produced by the car, and seeing patterns form in the darkness of the back seat.

12:15am I arrive at my friends house to find that I scared the hell out of them with a call claiming I was dying (ooops) I'm now feeling better so I assure them that I am not going to die as far as I can tell. I just need them there in case I begin convulsing or lose consciousness.

12:30am my friend gave me a beer and I am now feeling very calm and enjoying my trip. The visuals are great and the body load very mild.

The rest of the trip was pleasant but I'm sure I'll never mix these substances again.

8:00am I enjoyed nice soft come down now I am going to sleep.