Setting - Me and two friends one afternoon.  Most of use hadn't eaten for  about 8-10 hours. This will be my second time on 2ct7 after a nice low dose trip.  I planned to do more this time and see what happens.  Don't really have much planned for this evening but to go to the mall at some point.

0:00  - Ingest 25 mg 2C-T-7 orally dissolved in water.

+0:30 - Starting to feel a little weird.  Starts out like my last trip but I definitely know that I am in for a lot more.  

+1:00 - Feeling sick.  A weird unrest in my stomache that just won't go away.  It eventually fades with no real problems.  Not anything bad so far.

+2:00 - Starting to see visuals.  The walls and the ground seems to move.  We decide to have a friend drive us to the mall to look around. 

+2:30 - Get to the mall and I am mesmerized by everything to look at.  It all moves and there are so many colors and distortions.  Everything has energy.  At this point I am completely satisfied and feel great.

+3:00 - Bump 5 mg more and it burns for a little while.  Nothing too bad, but definitely a little uneasy.  Definitely start to think weird thoughts.  Me and my 2 friends seem to be in our own world that is separate from everyone elses.  We seem to communicate on a different level.

+4:30 - Smoke some weed.  Intense visuals now.  Too hard to descibe.  The rest of the night leads into a big blur.  Part of this time wasn't that enjoyable.  Times when I might have been tripping too hard for my own good.  I decided to just let go, and then the rest came from there.  I would be sucked into these deep thoughts and visuals would come from that.  Everything I looked at seemed to change color and flash.  Nothing would remain normal or still.

+9:00 - Finally get back to my house.  I feel a little bit more secure and more at peace.  Still definitley seeing visuals.  The strange thoughts have been disappearing and so have the colors.  At this point I seem to analyze my night and try to figure out what happened.  But I find this to be very very difficult. My mind feels like I am confused and cannot figure anything out.

Conlusion:  This experience was a lot stronger than my last.  The first trip on 15 mg was nothing in comparison to this.  The visuals were extremely intense.  My mind would think very strange thoughts and they were all highly enjoyable.  There was no bad thoughts or heavy thoughts such as on acid.  My mind felt more at ease, when compared to lsd, and much more happy.  Even during this experience, the car I was in was pulled over and almost searched for drugs.  I was at no time scared or paranoid, possibly because everything didn't seem real to me.  I had lost reality and therefore nothing really seemed to phase me.  This is most 'gone' I have ever been, and most visuals I have ever seen in my life.  A great time overall, and I will definitely repeat this.