It was a Saturday night and a group of friends and I were looking to get our hands on some mushrooms. I had used mushrooms once before around 2 months prior to this night, but it was somewhat of a bad trip. So it was with eager anticipation that I waited to hear from our potential hook-up. Except he never called. Somewhat let down, we decided to play video games when, coincidentally, I got a call from another friend saying he had shrooms for sale. So our group left our dorms with pockets full of money, and returned with a shitload of drugs, 7 1/8ths of shrooms and 6 grams of pot to be exact. We went to our respective rooms to eat our goodies; I hated the taste, so I ate mine with top ramen noodles and it went down fine.

It was around 9:40 when we met up outside and our group of seven began our aimless trek outside, the night was young and our minds were fucked, who knew where we might end up? Campus security and the local police happened to be on high alert that night, since it was the weekend prospective college students came to spend a weekend on campus to see what it was like, and our school didn't want them drinking. Everyone but my roommate and I were starting to feel the initial effects and tracers as we walked towards the nature trail, since they ate theirs half an hour before we did. I began to feel anxious, and bummed a cigarette to ease my eagerness.

Suddenly I felt like Frodo, like the part where he was being chased by the ringwraiths and the trail zoomed in telescopically. I felt gravity shifts and pressures in my body similar to that of a salvia high. Pretty soon this strange effect left me and we sat down on some benches overlooking a river. It was amazing. The river looked like a Van Gogh painting, I could see the swirling cartoonish patterns in the river, and imagined the river in two layers, the visible upper layer and the reflection layer, pretty strange. A few guys in our group were trippin while staring at a construction crane reaching to the sky, but it meant nothing to me. I was still feeling the effects rise within me as we continued our journey. We were walking alongside the river now, and I stared at the patterns on the concrete trail (yes, the patterns really were there) when the ground began to rise and swell in convulsing waves, it was subtle, but it affected my walking.

I snapped back to reality and decided to watch everyone else in our group. My roommate had never used shrooms before, in fact we were all surprised he even wanted to try them, he's not the kind of guy who's interested in drugs, so I knew he was in for a ride. He only had half of his 1/8th and gave some of his leftovers to me but was complaining of stomach pains and wasn't experiencing visuals. Two of my other friends were quietly listening to music. What a great idea, I thought, too bad I left my cd player at the room. Everyone else was debating whether or not they wanted to smoke a bowl. Finally we reached the park. The trees were blooming and full of color, noticeably enhanced by the shrooms. We stopped on the bridge crossing the river. We must have spent the longest time there, I stared up at the clouds and it was amazing. I watched the weather currents, constantly changing, always morphing and I felt the clouds were calling to me. I watched as the clouds descended upon me and made undistinguishable faces at me. I realized my neck hurt, so I stood on the bridge and watched the river below me, also morphing and changing, like the clouds above me, but in a liquid state.

We stayed on that bridge, discussing random topics and playing with the trippy lights one of us brought. And we realized one of us was missing. We decided he probably wanted to experience the shrooms alone for a while, so we left him. Meanwhile I was stuck with his colored lights attached to strings. So there we were, some of us fighting over whose sack of weed was whose, another group trying to convince my roommate not to jump into the river, another one lost in the woods somewhere, and me, spinning multi-colored lights in the air like a madman. If we didn't look shady, I don't know what would. Just then, amidst all this confusion, the park security drove by in his golf cart, looked at us, and continued on his way. We figured this was a good sign to move on.

As we were walking, I decided to talk to one of the guys in our group, a regular pot smoker, but he had never shroomed before. He had the craziest look in eyes, like he was on super-ecstasy, to make this seem even stranger, his face was changing colors, from green to orange to purple. But that crazy look was real. All of a sudden he bolted in the opposite direction back to campus, laughing uncontrollably. My roommate was delerious, talking nonsensically about fishing in Alaska, and got so paranoid when he ran away, that he felt like he needed to follow him. So our group of 7 was down to 4, we were dropping like flies. Now we were in the heart of the park. I was content, wallowing in a wonderland of changing colors and pulsating trees. All of a sudden, our lost man in the woods popped up behind us, and said casually 'What's crackin guys?' I thought this this was the funniest thing in the world at the time, although it is kind of funny how he randomly showed up like that.

We all knew that smoking pot while on shrooms will intensify the experience and make it last longer, so we decided to smoke in the middle of the park. My friend to the right of me was holding the pipe up to his mouth when our friendly mister park ranger pulled up in his golf cart. He asked if we were doing drugs, we denied it, and he said the park was closed, we so make it quick. In my delerium, I thought this meant he wanted us to smoke the bowl quick and then leave. So I yelled at him 'Thanks man! you're freakin awesome!'. My friends all stared at me and explained this meant he wanted us to leave, right now, no pot. So we started heading back to the river benches where we were earlier, back along the convulsing, multi-colored trail.

Everything up until this point was amazing. But I didn't remember the rest of the way back to the benches. I must have blanked out, but when I snapped back to reality, I was staring at a puddle of vomit between my legs. We were back on the benches and my trip started to go bad. I got very introspective and started thinking about my life and my personality. I decided not to do drugs again, I didn't need them anymore, and they were just draining my bank account. In hindsight, I think this had a huge impact on me, although I will continue to use them, it will be moderately and responsibly. This bad trip only lasted a few minutes, however, pretty soon I was feeling good again.

So we layed on the grass discussing the waning effects of the shrooms and smoked lots of pot. For me at least, the pot brought me back up and I was experiencing the mushroom effects in full intensity again. I decided to head back to the room and take a shower. I sat in the corner of the shower with water raining down upon me, eyes closed, and saw the most random images ever flash through my mind. It was almost like the acid trip part of the movie easy rider. I got dressed and went to check up on everyone. We all decided to find mr. crazy-eyes who ran off without us. As we got to his room, we found him with his bags packed, ready to go home to Montana. If we had not got to his room when we did, he would have been driving with a head full of shrooms back home. We tried to calm him, to bring him back to reality. Apparently on his way back, he saw the campfire where the prospective college students were having s'mores. He was convinced he was a spy in World War II and the campfire was a group of Nazis. Scared shitless, he ran back to his room and thought the FBI was after him, so he decided to pack his bags and head home. We convinced him otherwise, and I left, and fell to sleep to swirling designs and geometric patterns.

Overall, it was a great experience. I will definitely try mushrooms again, but I think I will wait a year or so, it's best to space these trips out. Stay safe, peace