Me and a buddy  just tried out some rue the other night, I had just recieved a shipment from an online vender of a whole bunch of different enthogens, I told my buddy the most insane one of the lot (based on experiences iv'e read on this site) was the rue. I didnt want to do any at first because I had to work the next day but my buddy was on holidays so he was totally into trying it out. He crushed about 20g with a morter and pestle and boiled up the rue powder with about 300 ml of water for about 20 minuits. Then poured the remaining liquid through a strainer into a coffe cup. He tried a sip then he was like this is the worst tasting stuff in the world so he added some cream and sugar nice! He could only finish two thirds of the glass cause the tase was unbarable. So he said you can have the rest. I figured what the hell its only a third of the cup, cant imagine it will mess me up too much. I was ever so wrong!

At first I noticed a slight humming of the head and a movie camera visual effect like my whole brain was humming like a super fast strobe light. I also noticed some slight visual tracers at this stage about (20 minutes into the trip) I was actually enjoying the stuff quite alot. But like with other hallucinogens there was that paranoid anxiety effect, but I thought ha ha I know what to do about this........beer. I quickly chugged a 500ml of lowenbrau followed by a 500ml faxe 10% but I couldn't keep em down, I hurled. Than I remembered the rue is a MAO inhibitor.... Crap I cant drink anything but water. At this point I realize I dont like this drug at all. 

I checked on my buddy to see how he was doing and he was puking non stop, I thought wow he drank twice as much of the swill than I did I was a bit worried so I filled a 2 litre bottle with water and handed it to him he didn't seem too freaked out so I figured he'd be ok. Then I decided to head up stairs to my room and play some guitar but when I got upstairs the rue hit me even harder wow the trails were unreal I mean way more intense than with acid! Hooking up my guitar rig seemed like too much of a chore so I decided to play some drums......no thats not much fun, crap I guess ill just go to bed I should be able to sleep ok on this stuff, wrong again.

Auditory halucinations were unbelievable I heard crazy fast arabic music, (a different song in each ear!)  Morse code, my friends brawling over and over again  downstairs, birds chirping, crickets, Slow motion voices and more. The visuals were insane as well, millions of fish under water, music videos that dont even exist. Multi coulered multi layered patterns naked angelic women, high in the sky satilite images, I even found myself traveling through a halway at one point. The visual aspect of this drug is awsome but..... The mental part was mostly all bad, parinoid thaoughts of the worst kind apocolyptic consperisy theroies like I mean totaly parinoid skytsophrenic thought paterens totally ruined the trip. I lyed in bed for nine hours but only got one hour of sleep, needless to say work sucked more than usual the next day.

In conclusion: too bad about the confused jumbled anxious paranoid thinking that goes with this stuff and too bad its a MAO inhibitor so I cant drown the paranoia with booze or opiates. Cause its the most powerful hallucinogen ever and cheap and easy as hell to get. Glad I tried it out but I doubt ill be taking any more rue any time soon. If you decide to do the rue do me a favour and take a smaller dose. Happy travels!