I've been intending to visit the Foxy subburbs of Ayahuasca for several months. Here's what happened when I finally went there:

12 am:  Syrian Rue extract spooned onto my tongue and washed down with some diet 7-UP. Blargh. Not an entirely disgusting taste. Reminds me of eating coffee beans. Smoked some MJ to smooth out the wrinkles in my mood. Meditate for an hour listening to music imbedded with alpha waves at threshold levels of hearing. Very relaxed.

12:40 am:  I can feel a sort of fuzzy psychic cocoon surrounding me. I feel warm and dreamy. Somewhat like how I think when I have a bad fever, dreamy and sluggish, but without the sick feeling.  I decide it is time to ingest the Foxy. 12.5 mg 5meo-dipt taken in a gelcap. I could just drift off to sleep, I am counting on the Foxy to kick me into gear.

1:30 am:  The onset of the Foxy came in a much smoother fashion. Where I am used to a rapid onset, a mad dash to the peak and then a gradual rolling down hill, this method of ingestion seemed to elongate the curve somehow. The usual tactile stimulation was noticeable amplified. I feel very cuddley, as if I am the pure essence of a warm fuzzy blanket wrapped around cold toes. I feel awesome. I am writhing around on my floor in throws of ecstacy. Everything just feels right, with highly erotic undertones to the body high. 

2 am:  There a strange drunken quality to this experience. I feel a bit cloudy and fogged over. Almost as if I hadn't slept for a few days and was in some sleep deprived stupor. I believe this lethergia was due to the Syrian Rue extract. Not much thinking or introspection at this point. Visuals are present, but minor. Just a psychedelic brightness and 'breathing walls' quality common to this dosage level without the MAOI for me. I am still very wrapped up in the body high, which appears to be the main component of the experience that has been augmented by the Syrian Rue. I am enjoying shoving my face into my pillow with my puppy. He seems to sense the change in my energy tonight. He's being very gentle and playful, where as he usually is a demon dog who actively hunts out mischief. His fur is very nice to run my fingers through. I get absorbed in the act of petting him, I can feel my emotions towards him move though my hands and soak into his body. It is a very satisfying moment of bonding (at least on my end).

4:30 am:  Starting to be bothered by some facial/jaw  tension. I take .5 mg clonazepam to help ease the tightness. I've entered a more mental arena now. I guess the facial tension shifted my consciousness from my body, back to my head, which led to the introspection. It's funny how aches in your body can lead you towards thinking in a certain way. I found myself entering a regret cycle. I am saddened by a series of failed music projects, well not failed, but ended. I miss being part of a band. This leads me to throw on the cds of my past bands which shifts my mood entirely. I am grateful for having had the chance to be part of this wonderful music. I sit in the dark with a lavender aroma therapy candle burning, smoking MJ and enjoying my past endeavors. I am inspired!

6 am:  A fruitful session of recording some guitar ideas onto digital 8 track in my basement. I am lost in the sound, especially while I am noodling around with my digital delay peddle. Instant psychedelia! Anyone can make interesting soundscapes with this thing. It is such an enveloping game to weave a web of psychedelia into the air. I feel infused with magical powers! I drink 5ml of 1,4 Butanediol with some juice over an hour or so to wind down. I smoke some more MJ and settle down to watch Pokemon the Movie. I feel giddy and content, although a bit spent. The 5meo-dipt is still present but it is just a lingering memory of the past few hours. The facial tension is still with me, but I could consciously work on relaxing the muscles and it helped. Sleep came around 10 am. Not much of a hangover the next day. Just a bit tired.