Substance – Salvia 10x
Experience – Salvia Divinorum leaves of a few occasions
Setting – my friend's house.

I had recently aquired a gram of Salvia 10x.  I was quite interested in what it would do.  I had used leaves before and only felt slightly high, like a shorter cannabis high.  I had heard of the potential intensity of Salvia and I was hoping to achieve it.

My friend took his bong out and we set it on a table.  I loaded it up with enough for 1 hit.  I took my lighter and sucked down a lungful of the hot burning smoke.  I held it for 20 seconds.  I repeated this 4 more times.  5 hits total!  Wow, I thought, I am in for an experience.  I laid back on his couch.  

I almost instantly felt intoxicated.  It was a weird feeling.  I felt tremendous power building inside me.  It was almost frightening how strong this feeling was.

I had a strange sensation.  My friend asked if I was ok.  I responded "Yes, I'm fine." But saying this was weird.  It felt almost as if there were fingers in my head and under my jaw using my like a puppet… making me talk. Then an even stranger feeling occurred.  I felt as if my world became a tube (somewhat like a cat scan.  I felt pressed strongly to the bottom of it, but no pain even though intense pressure.  It then felt like someone spun this tube fast.  I pushed my hands tight against it to keep from falling off.

As I spun in the non-existent tube I closed my eyes.  The whole world was still there but changing dramatically.  Things were popping up all over.  His TV would dissapear and re-appear in other locations.  It was truly strange.  

The tube seemed to slow down, and I felt a jarring thud.  No pain still, but almost like I fell 20 feet back onto the couch.  I looked around the room, and everything was normal.

The whole experience lasted maybe 8 minutes.

Afterwards for about 20 minutes I felt detached and kind of high, but that quickly passed.

This was a very powerful experience.  It was one of the most intense physical sensations I have ever experienced.  Sadly to say I didn't feel much mentally and did not learn anything from it.  All I learned is that Salvinorum A is a powerful chemical.  I will definitely use Salvia again in hopes of a more powerful beneficial experience.