Background: DXM(~15x), LSA(3x), Salvia(20x), Weed(a bunch), Misc Painkillers a few times, Adderall(often), Nitrous(~200 charges), Mushrooms(2x), Alcohol
I have a fairly weak stomach. DXM makes me vomit ~1 hour after dose and I get the runs about 3-5 hours after dose. LSA made me vomit once the second time.

Setup: Saturday night 3 friends and I decided to take 17mgs of 2c-e. This is a strong dose and although I was wary about taking such a high dose I didn't want to bother with taking several doses. I did eat a big meal in hopes that it would counteract the high dosage.

T[0:00] 9:45pm:	The 4 of us orally took the 17mgs of 2c-e.

T+[0:45]: My stomach tightened up to the point where I went through every possible position in an attempt for release and ended up laying on my stomach on my floor.

T+[1:00]: I began to get extremely cold and uncomfortable throughout my body. I went to the bathroom in case I had to vomit, which I expected would happen.

T+[1:15]: I felt as though I should/had to vomit however when I tried to nothing would happen. I began shaking uncontrollably and randomly but quite frequently(40 seconds/minute).

T+[1:45]: After being in the bathroom for almost an hour I realized I might not have to vomit and I decided to walk around and hang out with my friends. I went and got a bucket just in case and after walking no more than 50 feet I finally vomited. It was extremely uncomfortable and not a "once I vomit I'll feel better" vomit. I went back to the bathroom.

T+[2:15]: My stomach finally felt a lot better so I tried to walk around. I vomited again. This time I did feel a lot better and decided to go lay down in my bed and try and get warm. I was still shaking pretty bad and felt extremely uncomfortable, almost as though I was malnourished. For the next hour I was shaking, doing nitrous to forget my shaking, and having rapid changes in body temperature(or so it felt). I did get one really cool visual between shaking but that was pretty much the only one. I put on Pink Floyd in an attempt to distract me but it didn't work. I tried getting up and walking around but I didn't feel comfortable and just wanted to go to bed even though I couldn't sleep.

T+[3:15]: I finally stopped shaking enough to leave my room and try and enjoy the trip. My body temperature seemed to even out. When I left my room everything was covered in black lights. I didn't get any amazing visuals. We played rainbow road on Mario Kart for Game Cube(which I highly recommend on any substance) on and off for the next few hours and we laughed uncontrollably at the characters. I began enjoying the trip at this point. We laughed a lot about stupid things and did quite a bit of nitrous. The nitrous didn't really do much for me. This part of the trip was pretty lame. Aside from things swirling a little I didn't really see any notable visuals, tracers, or patterning. Just kind of an up beat mood with the sense of being high.

T+[7:15]: The majority of the trip was over. We killed 2 hours playing Nintendo64 and walking around the apartment talking about nonsense.

T+[9:15]: I was finally able to fall asleep watching cartoons. 

Summary: I shook uncontrollably for ~2 hours, vomited twice, and played a bunch of video games. Any effects I should have been feeling while I was shaking, cold and vomiting were ignored due to my extreme discomfort. The video game time was fun but fairly similar to if I had been on mushrooms or drunk and high. I won't do 2c-e again nor anything from the 2c family because my body didn't seem to like one and I don't want to give another one the chance to ruin another night.