Topamax Meets Wormwood. GABA Heaven/Hell

Let me start off by saying this, this is the longest expereince I have ever had and after 2 days I am still feeling high from the Topamax. I have also noticed something interesting there was a mid  sized cut on my face 2 days ago and it is about half the size I think it might have healed faster.

4:00PM Day 1: About two days ago around four pm I took two 100 Mg Topamax after reading up on them, after about 30 minutes I took the other two. My intention was to experment with something new and to test the GABA receptor interaction between Topiramate and Thujone. I never expected this.

5:00PM day 1: I was relaxed and continued to feel more relaxed as time passed. Soon my girlfriend came over. By this time I was feeling pressure between my eyes it didn't really bother me. I was feeling stupidier but things were funnier so there was an upside. I continued to go. We went outside and walked over to a friends house to smoke a bowl of cannabis, we ended up smoking 2 or three I can't remember excatly. I was feeling super high the feeling at the time was almost dream like. My body was tingling.
Then I decided to get brave...

6:00Pm Day 1: I had a cigar tube of a mix of cannabis, yarrow and wormwood. I loaded a hit and took it.  Holding it in for no longer then ten seconds and leting go we started to walk. Then it hit me! Not even  a minute later! The world was filled will beautiful colors but it was strange. This rush would continue to last the rest of the night until I fell asleep but seemed to hit in waves every 15-45 minutes.
10:00Pm Day 1: A friend came over and smoked some more Cannabis/Yarrow/Wormwood mix with me. Things were getting more intense.

1:00 Am I couldn't sleep I remember my ears were ringing and the hallucinations were much stronger. I remember I wanted it to go away. My body was tinglying so strongly I was feeling very unconfortable and had to fall asleep with my T.V on. The ringing with it off was just too bad. 

9:00 Am Day 2: I remember feeling like a GOD, I felt on top of the world... I drank a cup of coffee and ate. Wait wait was that? Yarrow, Wormwood and Weed? 3W? Should I? Yeah I was still stupid and it was great! So relaxed and glad to be alive. I loaded a few hits and smoked my heart out. At that time I felt sober but I wasn't... 

Soon after I started to hallucinate again but this time not as intense, I must have passed the peak of the topamax. At least this time I only had visuals that were modderatly intense and not the ringing ears. This time it was more enjoyable.

1:00 Pm Day 2:  I met up with a different friend and we went to his appartment and  smoked a few grams of dank and I took a shot. After that we watched Gateway into the Minds Eye (Great movie to trip except at one part that almost made me freak out. I don't think I would have a seizure on an anti-seizure medicine unless the Thujone interacted with the topamax.<!-- They both effect the GABA receptors after all.-->).

4:pm Day 2: Then I was about to go home when I saw a bunch of people I knew outside and they ran up to me, they were all drunk. It was pretty funny at first but the drama one of them brought quickly ruined my good mood. 

5:00 PM Day 2: After talking for a while I was on my way back home. I remember feeling drained almost like a zombie. As I was listing to music I couldn't remember the words to my favorite tracks, I still felt stupid. I couldn't remember the words to my favorite tracks, I still felt stupid. My brain wouldn't stop thinking, I don't know why.

6:00 PM Day 2: I finally made it home and ate food tasted really good but soda tasted like shit. Not much happened for a while.

10:00PM Day 2: A few hours later some friends stopped by and we matched a bowl of  street grade cannabis. We smoked  the  2 bowls. I called my girl and then went to sleep easily.

10:00AM Day 3: HOLY SHIT! I woke up this morning and I slept for 11 hours! I feel good though. I still feel the Topamax but nearly as much as yesterday.

11:30Am Day 3: I smoked a couple hits of cannabis and they are getting me much higher then normally. I think this was how I was feeling before.

6:00Pm Day 3: As I type this I don't think I feel it anymore. Over all the experence was great. The peak was REALLY intense. A little too intense the rest of the experence was very nice but I felt dumb. A few things I noticed was

1. Yarrow and Wormwood are increased. VERY MUCH SO. Can be intense.
2. The feelings starts in the front of the head. Between the eyes.
3. Smoking Cannabis will get me much higher.
4. It makes me Numb and tingly.
5. 400 Mgs is ALOT my first time especally mixed with other GABA effecting  chemicals.

[Reported Doses: "400 mgs Topiramate, 8 grams Cannabis, 1/4th gram Yarrow, 1/4th gram Wormwood."]