I was staying with a friend of mine in arcata, california, in humboldt county. i met a young activist with earth first who had ordered some salvia from the internet. i'd gotten to know him,& had tried some with the group staying at this apartment, so he had given me some to chill with while they went away on a protest. I went in the bedroom i was staying in, packed the bowl of this little makeshift water pipe i'd made,& sitting indian style, sparked it. i was trying to keep in as meditative a frame as I could. I felt the salvia start to work,like a cloud coming over my brain, as best as i can describe the feeling. i felt that pinch,somewhere around the middle of my brain. i felt that warmth over my body, & could hear my heart beating in my ears. i remembered numerous accounts of people seeing beings, & right about then, as i was 'listening' to my thought processes skip like a broken record, they started to appear as faint little 'entities' in my half-closed eyes field of vision. I got the impression they were impatient,they were grumbling little epithets. It kind of made me nervous, like they might wreak some unprecedented havoc with my synapses. but they just proceeded to screw with my field of open eyed vision by taking chunks of it & flinging them this way & that, crisscrossing into a spider web of fractal imagery. kind of hard to describe, but i was quite lucid. i remember thinking quickly that maybe its better to smoke fresher leaf. or that maybe overall,the little guys so many people speak of seeing were getting disgruntled.but they didn't hurt me too bad, & the vision soon faded.

Another time i tried it was in the same setting,alone,later at night, around 11 pm. i remember taking as big a puff as i could tug of the water pipe, & closing my eyes. it came on quickly, & I cant really put into words what i saw except that it was an introspective journey, a look at my 'self'. it was satisfying, & i felt like i'd at least caught a glimpse of the vision i'd been seeking. i'd traveled far, trying to free up my self, & i remembered having the 'realization' that i never really needed to go anywhere. but here i was....i savored the feeling of warmth, & opened my eyes. i remember seeing everything wobbling slightly,l ike it had been spinning,with 'me', my body, at the hub of this wheel, that i thought may be the 'mer ka ba' I'd heard of, & that a girl told me she'd activated during a dmt experience. she said she went out to the stars, but thats another story. I remember having the strong feeling that i could travel with it with practice. & thought of being able to be two places at once. i haven't experimented any further, but will sooner than later.