A "TRIP" to the Oral Surgeon

I had a little "TRIP" to the oral surgeon. I went there just to talk to the surgeon before the surgery (Two teeth extractions). I am a stoner so I asked him what I was going to be taking before the surgery hoping he would say Nitrous, but he said IV Sedation so I didn't ask anymore questions. I showed up a week later with a lot of anxiety about the two extractions. I went in and my adrenalin was pumping full throttle. I asked the nurse what exactly was the medication I am going to be taking IV. I asked the nurse what exactly was the medication I am going to be taking IV. When she replied I was shocked, She said Ketamine! <!--I knew that they had recently passed if for human use and not only for vets. -->The nurse left for about five minutes and returned with a total of one doctor and three nurses. The Doctor unlocked a metal box that had a little lock on it and he took a vial of Ketamine.

"Turning My World Inside Out" 
The doctor filled a syringe with the Ketamine and shot me up with it and all of them looked at me and smiled. I thought this was very strange. And then I knew why they were watching me so intently, the special K is a strong drug! About four or five seconds after I took it the wall stretched and stretched. I remember the wall was about one hundred feet away before I passed out. If felt like I closed my eyes and then opened them back up and everything was done plus I was no longer in the same room but I was in the parking lot. In the parking lot with a mouth full of gauze and K-holing. A close family member drove me home and we had to get on the interstate to get home. This causes a lot of suicidal thoughts and thoughts of death (which usually I am a happy person never had thoughts like these before). I was crying and I told my family member it was because it hurt but I didn't feel a thing, I was crying because of the total bad trip.

"Back At Home" 
So they dropped me back off at my house after I told them I would go get the pain pills later when I was straight. They asked if I was ok and I reply I am fine. I went inside and totally flipped out. The world was nothing like it was before the surgery. So I smoked some Cannabis and it calmed me a lot and gave the rest of the trip a smoother ride.<!-- Plus the pain pills are mind boggling but that's another story.-->