I had been having a pretty good day. Earlier I jammed out at a friend's house after smoking a few bowls out of his bong. We naturally had a good time and it looked like the day wasn't going to amount to much more as my friend D drove me home. When I got home I received a text message from a friend at work who had previously said that he could get us some acid from his dealer. D and I bought 3 hits at $15 each and I had just gotten some fresh bud from my brother earlier that day. The acid was dropped on sweet tarts so we took 1 each at about 11 p.m. and smoked a bowl to chill out as we watched family guy in my room.

This episode we watched became known as the "acid episode" because of an ironic comment a character makes about acid about 10 minutes after we had dropped it. As we watched we laughed hysterically at every little thing. I didn't see this as a side effect of the acid but disregarded it thinking the weed was really good. About an hour in to the "trip" we realized that we weren't tripping at all and that $45 dollars just went down the drain. So in our frustration we split the last hit and chewed up the paper it was wrapped in (you could see the spots spilled on the paper). We smoked another bowl and the next thing I can remember was sitting on my bed, the acid kicked in.

My room is filled with black lights, Christmas lights, and these red star lights that hang from my window sill. All the lights seemed to be pulsating and giving me a general trippy feeling. For some reason I can't remember D turned on the overhead light and I began to walk around my room like a baby taking his first steps. Everything had a warped look to it and made me smile with an inner happiness I can't explain. With the bright lighting it was obvious that I was coming up on the acid. My rug swirled like paint being mixed in a bucket and objects around my room waved and moved as if I was looking at them through water. The best part of coming up was when I walked to the corner of my room and stood on a small 30 watt practice amp. The room and everything within it, including D, seemed a good 20 storied below me and I was 20 stories tall. And just as soon as I was tall I became reduced in size and insignificant in relation to the rest of my room. This aspect was not scary at all but seemed rather intriguing at the time.

D left to use the bathroom and I sat on my bed once again. The black light poster of a caterpillar sitting on a mushroom next to my bed constantly moved about. The caterpillar's eyes moved around and from time to time seemed fixated on my own eyes. His hand, with fingers in a peace sign, swayed from side to side constantly. Caterpillar made me happy. I stared at my hand which seemed to drag as I moved it back and forth, an obvious tracer effect. D came bursting through the door rambling about how cool peeing was and that I should try it. I didn't even feel like I had to go till he mentioned it, so I went to try it out. Peeing, an every day burden of occasional relief was one of the most gratifying experiences while tripping.

I returned to my room where D was engrossed with the reflection of the star lights against the wall. As they swayed back and forth it appeared to D that there was a goldfish swimming on the wall. To me it was an angels broad wings stretching out along the wall. We watched winamp visuals while listening to music. Out of the long playlist, one specific song I remember was "The End" by The Doors. We stared mindlessly, fascinated by the shapes, as The End took me on a 15 minute adventure that seemingly lasted hours. Time had no relevance any more. There were no burdens, no hassles, nowhere to be or go, and everywhere I remained I felt accepted. I felt like I was being birthed into a new world, LSD was my mother. D and I had agreed some time ago during the trip that we go outside my window and smoke a joint on my roof which was a very comfortable place to sit and watch the stars. The trip was becoming much more intense as the music continued and after much sidetracking we made it to my roof.

It was a windy night and the pine trees in my neighborhood swayed back and forth very lively. Every branch had its own role in the symphony. Everything seemed to speed up and there was some crazy laughter that ensued as me and D talked. Pink Floyd came next on the playlist and I reached my peak very abruptly. Time came to a standstill as "Welcome to the Machine" played. It is impossible to fully explain the peak. The closest I can come however is that I had a point of clarity. Everything in the world seemed right, an inner feeling unlocked by this psychedelic. The synthesizers in the song seemed to make the pine trees sway in a trance of bliss. A rush of euphoria swept across my body and I was drowned in acceptance and happiness. D was peaking at about the same instance. D, not being very spiritual or religious, claimed that life finally made sense to him. He explained that there was a God, it was so obvious. We returned to my room as we started to level out. There was little night time left but the effects were still noticeable. We continued to listen to music and watch family guy as we came down. The yellow flowers on Quagmire's red shirt spun around, my last memory as the acid faded away.

It was around 7 or 8 and D and I were both drained. We hopped in his truck and went to McDonalds and got some coffee. We sat silently on the tailgate of his truck in the empty parking lot next to McDonalds looking at the sky. Everything had a different feel to it. Normal wasn't so normal any more and life was painted in a different shade of color it seemed. And aside from exhaustion, it felt alright. "Man", D said, "That was some crazy shit last night".