This report is to confirm the effectiveness and enjoyability of Kratom. I'm 23 years old, and a devout opioid enthusiast and connoseur. I have tried many substances, from empathogens to hallucinogens, and after finding opiates I realized they were the drugs for me. I have since ceased all intake of other drug classes except for marijuana and tobacco as daily maintenance drugs (both of which barely produce perceptible effects anymore). 

I have dabbled with all manner of prescription opiates, starting with codeine, and working my way through the spectrum up to oxycodone in large amounts, and morphine sulphate. I have smoked, eaten, and drank opium. The only opiate related activity I have not sampled is injection. I insufflate (sniff) or eat all my opiates. Recently I have been on a rather large OxyContin sniffing kick, so know the following report is coming from someone who knows about heavy opiation. 

I finally decided to take the plunge and sample the 'legal alternatives' out there. Of course, knowing my taste in drugs (opiates and _only_ opiates), that was all I ordered. Blue Lotus, California Poppy, and finally Kratom. Kratom is NOT an opioid, yet directly stimulates the mu-opioid receptors. (Which are responsible for most of the effects of pleasant opiation.) Hence, Kratom is legal, while posessing effects of the illegal opiates. I was very enthused. 

Before ordering I read reports, and I took only one of them to be dependable. It was written by a recovered heroin addict. I know anyone who uses, or used to use, heroin aka diacetylmorphine, MUST know what they're talking about. This man described Kratom as very like opium, and he was *right*.

Material: around 14 grams of regular Kratom, or around 6 grams of the 'super kratom' 'rifaat strain' which a very reputable legal entheogen purveyor sells. I ordered (3) 24-gram bags of the latter from said purveyor. 

The stuff is quite nasty, and doesn't dissolve in water, but does float in solution. 6 grams sits well in about 4 glasses (cups) of water. Any less and you're drinking mud. After downing the 4 glasses of gritty, bitter water, on a mostly empty stomach (2-3hours after a meal), you need only wait 15-20 minutes and you can feel the opiation beginning.

_Definite_, undeniable opiate activity. Not, of course, as powerful as railing an OxyContin 80, or sedating as 2 handfuls of vicodin (my least favorite opiate by the way).. but definitely, and unshakeably good. This is no placebo. 

For those not familiar with the opiated state, I will summarize quickly. Inner warmth, intense happiness and pleasant thoughts, a slowing of breathing and thoughts, and a slight disconnection from the body, not as in an out of body experience, but in the physical input from your senses. Very relaxed, you find yourself being pleasant in all social interactions, and in thoughts to oneself. 

If I had to compare Kratom to any traditional opiate.. I would say, a 40-50 mg ORAL dose of oxycodone, in someone with only moderate tolerance, but much shorter lasting. Kratom's euphoriant effects lose their power after 1 1/2 to 2 hours, but still remain in pinpoint pupils, general relaxation, and pleasant thoughts.

As an indication and reassurance that this plant is effective, I have actually gotten 'the nod' off of Kratom! Yes, you read that correctly. After taking Kratom 4 hours earlier, I had imbibed another 2 glasses (about half a strong dose), which brought intense sedation, not much euphoria the second time around, and an actual, pleasant, 'nod'. For those not in the know, the nod is the pleasant dropping of the eyelids, and semi-sleep state you reach on high doses, or repeat doses of opiates. 

Marijuana also induces nodding just as with traditional opiates. Cigarettes have no effect, but are quite good again, as with other opiates. 

For those not used to making the most of an opiate high, here are some suggested activities which synergize, or capitalize on the effects of this substance. Music is very good. Talking/Hanging with friends, is very good as you feel quite happy, talkative, and emotionally closer to those you enjoy the company of. Movies, and if you're like me, Anime, are GREAT! The happy, mellow mood is very conducive to watching these things, and the euphoria lends a bright, happy tone to the anime/movie you are watching, and the characters therein. The only thing I would watch out for is people of the opposite gender. I know when I am sufficiently opiated, I feel very 'loved up' so to speak. Not horny at all, in fact nothing sexual ever crosses my mind on opiates, but very whimsical and romantic. You may end up telling a girl or a guy some embarassing things, in this mood. But that's not such a bad thing.

It's legal, relatively cheap compared to street opiates, and the reputable source mentioned earlier can have your package to you the NEXT DAY! Definitely useful for coming off of harder stuff such as morphine, oxycodone, or possibly even heroin. Good for those times when all connects are dry, and you can't score any good stuff. Good to keep around for those days when you just need a taste of opiation to settle the body and mind. If you're not familiar with opiates, USE CAUTION. This plant is an mu opioid receptor agonist, and as such it is ADDICTIVE, and repeated use causes constipation. I have twice used Kratom every day for a period of two weeks without any other negative physical effects however. 

So, take it from a serious opiate enthusiast, this is an 'herbal high' that actually works, and impresses. Not some BS clouded in marketing hype. 

'Mayaku Itsumo' and be safe, happy, and thoroughly opiated = )
 - Seifuru