My first experience with yopo came from a free sample of A colubrina seeds from an ethnobotanical supplier.  I thought it was interesting enough, so I decided to order more.  I took about five seeds and cooked them evenly for about five minutes after they popped.  After this was accomplished I began the task of grinding them into a fine powder which I then mixed with ashes from a wood fire.  This was then cut into about six larg lines (I've found its MUCH better to just suck it all up quickly and not dawdle).  The immediate reaction is furious sneezing for about a minute, then quickly do another couple lines up the other nostril.  After that, I quickly made my way to my bed where I sat propped up by pillows in the darkness with some good trance music playing (Synaesthesia).  It took about two or three minutes for the peak to come.  As I lay there with my eyes closed, I had the sense of traveling thousands of times the speed of light through absolute nothingness.  My body felt as though it had dissolved away.  This state continues for about five minutes until the nausea becomes overpowering, I then stumbled to my bathroom (hey! I can see through my eyelids in the dark!) with my eyes still shut, and threw up all the contents of my stomach.  

After I had the second viewing of dinner, I laid back in bed and began to really enjoy the trip.  I saw mysterious spinning colours and I was able to see the bass of the music.  The feeling of traveling at extreme speeds was still there, but not as overpowering.  The peak ends about fifteen minutes after you come up, and after effects last about forty-five minutes.  All in all, you need about an hour and a half.

A discovery I made is that MJ works WONDERFULLY to stave off the nausea, and it enhances the trip incredibally.  I only need half as many seeds, and its still more intense.  One time I prepared one and a half seeds (some was lost in crushing and cutting lines), and smoked a bowl out of my one-e (I named him George W.), I then went up on my balcony and stared out at the horizon above the woods on our property.  It was overcast and growing dark in the late evening.  The clouds danced with flickering colours and beams of light not unlike an airport beacon.  As I stared, an glowing blue aura appeared over the trees, and seemed to be blowing in the breeze.  It was as if I was able to see, clearly, the flow of all the energy in my imediate universe.  This lasted, again, about an hour.