I recently had a little run in with speed in the form of 10mg Dexedrine Sustained Release capsules (dextro-amphetamine).I bought 15 and went through all of them in four days. After doing it I have a new found respect for amphetamines, and although they are fun in moderation they can easily take control of me.

The first time I tried it I took three capsules in the morning. The effects approached after about an hour and were pretty nice. I had a lot more confidence and an elevated opinion of myself, allowing me to talk to just about anyone and enjoy myself with no worries. (such as hot girls, etc) The mild euphoria was nice and helped for the times when I would have to sit through class silent.

That night I had a lot of trouble falling asleep. I still felt good and fairly wired and figured I would not sleep at all so I took several different antihistamines to help me sleep. It worked. I repeated this the second day with four pills, and the third day (friday) with five. Each time I had the same effects just a little more intense with increased dose.

Friday night I had 3 pills left and I was still very wired and happy from the day's dose. Feeling bold, but cautious, I opened the capsules and emptied the little balls into a mortar. I ground them into a VERY fine, orange powder and prepared myself a few lines (fairly large amount of powder).

I sniffed it all in about 10 minutes, waiting to consider effect changes each time. The powder sniffed easily with almost no burning and actually smelled good. After about 15 minutes I was extremely euphoric, feeling incredibly loved surrounded by good things. I was happy with everything and my world felt perfectly balanced. I still had full control of myself (could have easily faked sober). I didn't become very jittery, but that was probably because my body was tired after three days of no sleep.

WHAT I LEARNED: Speed (at least in this form) is very enjoyable, legal, and can actually increase my function as a human. I think quicker, act more empathetic to others, and generally get along much better with my surroundings and myself. *HOWEVER, after the high wore off (the next morning) I was left feeling a little bit empty, not at all good but not much more depressed than normal. I still think about how during the whole run I just kept going and going, had I not had a limited amount who knows when I would have stopped.<!--Be careful, and like any substance, USE IN MODERATION CAUSE IT 
IS EASY TO GET SUCKED IN. -->

Peace out.