I first IV'd k after going to a club and eating mushrooms. we sniffed a little k at the club and after I was given the bag to take home with me. the thought of IVing something had occured to me before since all the equipment is in my house (my parents are diabetics) but I had never gotten a hold of any drug that could be successfully used this way. 

well, I got home from the party feeling really good (I tripped really hard and the DJ was amazing) so I decided that I would do it up. after poking several holes in my arm and not getting anything I finally saw red in the syringe and plunged away. WOW. I had never IV'd anything before and was blown away by the quickness of the onset. in 10 seconds I was completely numb and could barely walk. I shot the rest of the K  that night and never did it again for about 2 months (perhaps only cause my source dried up). 

fast forward to the end of the summer and I find a hook up for K. I immediately purchased an 8ball (turned out to be only 2.4 grams, Never Ever trust a drug dealer u dont know. ask them to weigh it, if its the real deal than the dealer will have no problem proving it) and began IVing again. I did it twice a day for about 5 days then I left for college, bringing whatever I had left with me (about 1.5 grams). I used up the rest within a week of being at college (didnt shoot every day though, I sniffed some then found a pharmacy that sold syringes than I shot the rest of it in one day). I shot up more than a dozen times that day, I used an entire package of needles (10) and I had to use some of them twice. now more than 2 weeks later I feel my veins itch at the thought of shooting drugs, ANY drugs. I have stayed awake at night thinking about how sweet it would be to have any powdered drug that could be injected. I just want to feel that immediate rush. when I think of shooting k my legs and arms get all tingly with anticipation. 

(un)fortunately I have no source for k let alone any drugs that can be injected. I do have fears about the future though because I know that those drugs are close by and it is only a matter of time before I find some. hopefully the (mild) cravings will go away but my drug past leads me to believe that this wont be the last time I tango with the needle. shoot safe, dont share needles and dont overdo it in one arm or the other. after that one day where I shot up a dozen times I had to wear long sleeves for about 10 days. even than the bruising was still there but it would only be noticable to experienced IVers or the police. peace and stay safe.