11:am 3/31/04

Eyeballed - risky I'm aware. Let ye be warned, use a scale. 

+25 Mins  Flash of nausea, feeling of getting high.

+45  Nausea flash again and decided to run with it and throw up cause I could, even when i wasnt really sick at all. Visual patterning is begaining and riseing even as I write this, greens and yellow fractling ont he monitor and off my fingertips. def first effects of 2ct2, eye dialation.

+75  Distress's of all kinds, nonstop visual bombardment, and physicle destress. very strong ... strong pull going on that leaves me without a peaceful thought, I took to much is the only thought that makes sence to me right now.  I'm in psychdelic distress but im not bad tripping, I cant sit down because I find myself getting back up seeking comfort, that I never find, so I sit back down and the cycle repeasts, not unplesant, but not pleasant to say the least. fear of death is high. I keep induceing vomiting out of sudden flashs of fear and uneasyness to the experience.

+115  Same state, smoked thc, which made me calmer and didnt ampliphy effects, I remain confused, nothing much makes sence, peaking I hope , but visual patterning keeps raiseing and at times I forget whats happening and have to remember I'm on a drug, when writting the experience I somtimes seemingly forget Im on a drug, and am surprised when realizeing im writting about somthing Im undergoing right now, as the visuals become like a liquid patterned glaze which makes what should be my reality, somhow able to type , and this keeps my mind on somthing which is comforting the distress, simple tasks like math in adding how long its been since I took the drug would be impossible if I didnt have a clock
 
+120  Seem to be balanceing more now, thought is easier, fear of death subsideing, visuals arent plesant, they are more of a distraction to my focus on my physicle distress, when I take a second to admire the visuals, it becomes amazing, but quickly grows too intence and I have to run to a new thought loop and visual balance.

+125  A lot more concious now, which leads to psychosis, imprending sence of logical doom, when i think about my heart, psychosis imagination leads it to start hurting and amount to physicle distress. probley all my mind, but currently in the state i cant say for sure. on a lighter note I am starting to enjoy the experience as euphoria seems to be clouding my thought and reason.

+130  Balanceing out, feeling alot more at ease now that the euphoria is in full effect, still unsure about my physicle state, but that traveled to the back of my mind at times. cant listen to music cause my perception is to exagerated right now and need the least outside stimulation possible. colorful 'chessboard' like imagery with diamonds in the tiles, visual insanity all around me. very euphoric, cant get the smile off my face.

+140  Smoking thc, very relaxed with the experience now, fear of death is at a minimul, but the thought still cross'smy mind, I however am now completly sure I'll be living now, and with that in mind trying to find peace and plesure in the experience, rather then regreting it. memory is almost nonexistant right now. if I read a sentence I can reread it again like I had never read it. but am able to keep a clear view on what im doing.

+160  Odd psychosis, feelings of heart distress, and people in my place. I am alone but i hear movment throughout my residence, I disregard it as psychosis but it still surfaces uncontrollabley. the thought of voices lead to real auditory wispers etc. I feel as tho I could manifest anything metally , hallucinatory.

+180  Clear thought now, vivid imagery etc, I however am easily distracted and cant keep focus.. music is now beautiful

+300  Been listening to music extensivley with very vivid auditory and visual displays, starting to come down, feel drained and mentally numb, will sleep soon.

All in all a worthwhile experience but could have been better if I had dosed properly.