7:30pm - Arrive at B's place, all excited to see my bro and have a big night. I wander into his room and say g'day, and he's in there with G (his girl) and L who's a friend of all of ours. L's asleep on the floor... aparrently she had a pretty big one last night. I sit and have a chat, and we start getting ready to go out.

8:30pm - I've been at B's place for an hour now, and I'm not stoned... strange. I've just bought some buds from him and I'm chopping up. B, G and I have been catching up on the past, and there's plenty of stories to tell cause it's been a good 8 months since we've seen each other. I drop a little spin into this weed and fire up a bowl. Punch one, two then three, sit back and keep chattin. B tells me he's got some pills... I'm keen, it has been a while. But they're K pills, so I decide not to touch them, cause we're going clubbing.

9:00pm - Damn, this is some mad assed weed :D I'm wrecked at this point, but still buzzing to go out. I'm getting ready, doing my hair and shit, and B is doing the same. L has woken, and has decided to come out with us. Another girl, A, has arrived, and I'm having a little chat with her. She's a good friend who I also haven't seen in a very long time, so I'm really happy to see her. 

10:30pm - By this time we're at the club. It's pretty quiet but I'm told it doesn't get going until later. I'm talking to the barman who is an old mate of mine and catching up. We've been invited to an afterparty in a shack out of town, so we're all up for that. We won't be heading out there until late though, so I'm trying to enjoy myself as much as I can here. B and myself each did a depth charge (shot of tequila/drambui (I use tequila) and a middie of beer, drop the shot in, glass and all, and skull the lot) and I've had a few bourbons. The weed is wearing off from earlier... I'm still a bit stoned but the few quick drinks is perking me up.

12:00am - B tells me he can hook up some MDMA pills and a weight of gas. White mitsubishi's and just some street speed. I buy 2 pingers from his hookup (M, also an old mate) and down them both at once, followed by a shot of tequila and another bourbon and coke, then I go the speed. I didn't take it all, left about 1/4 weight. I'm quite optimistic about the night :)

12:30am - Pills are starting to work and the club is starting to fill. It's saturday night so it's not going to be huge, but people are starting to come through. The DJ is going pretty hard, so I go up and have a little dance. At some point in the night I have met up with E, another old friend, and her and I have a little dance and a chat and all that. Feeling good :)

1:30am - Been wandering around talking to everyone. Managed to meet the guy who's afterparty we were going to, he just walked up to me and goes 'oi, you wanna come to my party?' and I go 'ah, i think i already am!' All sweet, shook hands and said I'd see him at the party. I've been meeting up with mates all night, so most of my time has been spent talking. I've met a few new people too, couple of girls that know my mates, and we've been talking too. Nice cruisy evening.

2:00am - Club is winding up and we're heading out. Went and congratulated the DJ on his set (I always do that if they're good and I'm rolling hehe), said seeya to the people I'd met up with through the night and headed off. Got a lift with some chick who's name escapes me.

3:00am - We've been at this party for a while and I'm a little disappointed. I expected it to be big, but there were probably about 20 people there. I've been smoking cones in the living room, and wandering around talking to people. There's been this one chick, C, who was really cool - we chatted for a while. And another chicky, but again I can't remember her name.

3:30am - The barman, B2, has arrived at the party and we're chatting away. I suddenly get the urge for more drugs, so I go and grab B. He happens to have some of those K pills left so I take one. B2 and myself and the second chick from the last paragraph head out to his car and we chop the pill up and snort it. 

The bloke who owns the house is running around with a fucking snake. I am scared to death of snakes, and he waves the fucking thing in my face. I nearly had a fucking heart attack... I'm sitting on a couch out in the back room with B trying to recover from the scare.

4:00am - Starting to feel pretty nice... nice enough that I buy another K pill and drop it. And this is where the story takes a rather interesting turn.

----------------

Ok I'm going to interrupt here. This is the point where I lost COMPLETE track of time, so anything from here on in happened between 4:30am and 6:30am, however I cannot vouch for the actual times OR the order in which this all happened. This hour or two also felt much, MUCH longer than that. And now, back to our feature presentation:

----------------

Around 4:15am - I'm floored. I'm sitting on a couch, but I don't know where I am. All I know is that B is sitting a few feet away from me, mixing tunes. I'm sure I'm in a room, but am I really sure? I keep looking around but I can't see properly. The walls are kind of there but not there. This is not vivid acid-style hallucinations of movement and colour... this is different. The walls are moving and changing colour, but not in an acid kind of way. Things just don't look right. I keep lifting my feet into the air... for what reason, I do not know.

Tunnels start appearing around me... similar to the warp thingy in that TV show 'Sliders' - these tunnels in space are opening up all over the room. But, there's only one at a time... it just keeps shifting. I keep reaching for it but it moves. It finally fixes itself on the window across the room from me, where I can't reach it. I'm too smashed to get up, so I give up. Strangely, the tunnel disappears.

I discover I have a cigarette in my hand... it feels kinda big though. I look at it, and it's not there... neither is my hand! WHOA! I look back and it looks normal... if not a little wobbly and kinda moving... and I decide not to try and make an explanation for what just happened :) I have a few drags on my smoke and it feels like I'm sucking on a toilet roll, the ciggy feels huge! Very similar to when you go to the dentist, that lingering anaesthetic feeling in your mouth was all over my body. I notice that everything does this... the smoke feels big in my hand, and if I stick my fingers into my mouth they feel like an entire arm. Cool :)

B comes and sits with me, and for some reason the first thing out of my mouth was 'I think I need to take a shit... but I can't get up. I wonder if I'll shit myself?' B assures me that I'll be fine, and goes back to mixing. I sit and trip for a while, have another ciggy, and realise that I'm still lifting my legs up all the time. I've got this overwhelming sensation that the floor is trying to eat me... I can't SEE it, but I know it's true.

I remember talking to B for a while, and only being able to say about 1 in every 5 words... so 'Man you're doing a great job on the decks' would come out like 'Man... job......... decks!!' I was so fucking retarded! I remember getting some wierd looks from B during this conversation :) I also was blurting out random phrases, the most common being 'SWEET JESUS, LOOK AT THAT!!' which I think may have been planted subliminally by watching Fear and Loathing too many times. My god, I was wasted.

I call out to B and he comes over and sits back down. I say to him 'Uh, dude... I think I shit myself!' B assures me again that I'm fine and goes back to the decks, but I'm not convinced. I spend the next 10 minutes sticking my hand down my pants and smelling it. I hadn't shit myself, but I was 100% POSITIVE that I had.

At this point B comes back over and sits down, telling me that all is sweet and I'll be fine. I spent the next 20 minutes or so on the couch with him convincing me that I hadn't shit myself. I keep saying shit like 'dude do I smell funny' and stuff, and he kept saying 'no dude, you're fine!'

One of the girls I was talking to before comes in and offers me a cone, and all I can say is 'No thanks, I've just shit my pants.' She looked at me REALLY strangely, then slowly backed out of the room. She kind of stayed away from me from then on :)

After an unaccountable period of time, I am sober enough to stand. Daylight has just broken and the clouds were a MAJOR tripout. I was still not 100% convinced that I hadn't shit myself, so I wander into the dunny and check. Nope, nothing there. Dammit, I'd made an arse of myself (scuse the pun) for nothing! Ah well, there's always next time :D

I spend the next hour smoking cones with C (who thankfully hadn't heard about my statement earlier) and wondering where that other chick went... most probably to get as far from me as possible :)

7:00am - We're sobering up good now, but I am SCATTERED AS! We've got a lift home so we're off. We say goodbye to everyone and jump in the car. We get home, have some cones, and pass out.