Well, it all started with a hard day a work...damn...time to come home and drink some beer which had been my unhealthy routine after work.  A girl I know called me and asked if I would come pick her up so we could hang out being only slightly buzzed I decided it would be a good idea.  A night like that needed a little kick and some lowered inhibitions so I threw in 2 mg of Xanax for fun.  And this was all before I left to go and pick up this dear freind of mine.  

Anyhow, me, being addicted to DXM and doing the substance for more than two years wanted to trip that night as well.  Two bottles of Robotussin Maximum Strenght Cough were picked up and drunk before I picked the girl up.  Well, the Xanax and alcohol had fucked up my mind and I was already having a little trouble driving.  I picked the girl up and then we went to Taco Bell to see some friend we both know there.  

After about half an hour she knew something was wrong with me so after her asking I took her home.  What happened that night after she got out of the car is a mystery to me.

.....

I woke up standing in my room at 4:30 am and my dad was up.  I found out that I had taken a side mirror off of our car and scratched the side up pretty bad.  On top of all that I was talking shit to my parents for like four hours...saying all of this nasty shit to them.

All I have to say is that I have an addictive personality.  I always said I would never do what I did and it still happened.  Drugs control me....I always said they didn't but they do...and it really sucks because to tell you the truth I love drugs escpecially DXM.  Maybe if I lived on a desterted island I could do all the drugs I want. But drugs, for me, do not work in this day and age.  I have hurt myself, phisically and mentally, and the ones around me and now I am fucked...to say the least.

To sum it all up...all I have to say is be careful...everyone.  Drugs are fun but some people cannot handle them.  Everything has an effect, on you and other around you and only you can do what you think is the best thing to do.

EX_DXMTRIPPER