I'm not sure exactly which huasca this combo would be called, but it was a splendid experience! I ate the 4:1 harmala extract at exactly 11:45 pm. (Note: I had fasted for 12 hours beforehand to avoid any MAOI interactions) Within an hour I could feel a very subtle intoxication. A warm fuzziness wrapped itself around me. I spent this time playing sock tug of war with my little puppy, Dingo. I have to say, playing with him is the closest I ever get to living in the NOW. So, I was in a very positive mind-set when I decided to skulk off into the bathroom to toke up some 5-MeO-DMT. First I ran a nice hot bubble bath. There's nothing better than water on psychedelics...any way you take it, water rules! So, I take 3 big tokes, hold them in until almost no smoke exits my lungs. 

A wee bit of anxiety creeps up on me as I start to feel the rush of the 5-MeO-DMT, which for some reason always starts my heart of to the races. Next I lowered my body into the hot water. I could feel strange new energies coarsing through me. Vivid cev's involving phoenixes and basilisks battling ( I just got done re-reading Harry Potter book 2) were cast across my eyelids. Upon opening my eyes, I was treating to a myriad of visual warpings. The patterned tiles danced into each other forming faces, animals, views of unknown vistas. I really never expected the harmala to add so much depth to the 5meo experience! My body felt extremely boyant, almost as if I was coming down off mdma. After the bath, I took one more big toke and was immediately catapulted into hyperspace again. I lay down on my bed and let the sounds of Dombaa Folee, medicine music of Mali take me on a strange and forgotten journey. I half remember visualizing some sort of jungle scenario but I was also feeling very sleepy. This has also happened to me while on mescaline from san pedro. Soon sleep overtook me, however at 5 a.m. I awoke spontaneously feeling awesome! I had an afterglow like I haven't had for years, perhaps not since the early days of my DXM experiments. I went back to sleep very easily and awoke still feeling the glow at 11 a.m. This is a definite try again combo!