I've been experimenting with all sorts of different drugs since high school. I am now 23 and still using. My favorites are Extacy, Marijuana, and Tylenol 3s (codine.) I am not taking any sort of medication. Here is my experience with Clonazepam:

My friend, lets call him Shmek, has mental disorders and for this he is prescribed 0.5mg clonazepam tablets. This weekend he was given an extra weeks supply, so he gave me a few. They looked like small flat circles, orange in colour, sweet to bite into, and have the letters 'APO 0.5' on them.

On Friday evening, I dosed 2 tablets and hung out at Shmeks house. We then smoked a small joint and watched TV. 

One hour later I started to feel the clonazepam. It has a slow onset and is somewhat mild. If I had to describe the feeling in one word it would be 'Mellow'. I felt comfortable with my surroundings and very mellowed out. Shmek kept talking about some incident that happened to him, and I was listening but I did not focus nor did I care, I was just feeling good and enjoying the soft couch that i was sitting on. It was like nothing bothered me and everything was going to be fine. I can compare this to the codine high, except clonazapam does not have that warm fuzzy numbing feeling that codine gives.

We then drank about 2 beers each and went home at 11:00. Walking around had a dreamy feel to it and I remember stumbling a little. I had 2 more tablets so I dosed those as well. I then watched TV for an hour, I was feeling very mellow still. The beer added a sedative quality to the high. By now I knew the second pair of tablets were going to kick, so I put on some ambient music and layed on the couch. Within a few minutes I started going in and out of consciousness. I remember having very weird dreams that felt very real. I think I woke up a couple times and was mumbling, but that might have just been in the dream. About two hours later, I got up and stumbled upstairs to my bed.

The next morning I woke up, still feeling a bit mellow and comfortable. There was no hangover or nextday depression. Shmek called me up, and he said he also had wierd dreams that felt very real.

I've done clonazepam a couple other times and <!--here is some advice I would like to pass on to anyone who wants to do some.-->I find 1mg (2-0.5 pills) to be a good dose. It goes well with marijuana and just a bit of alcohol. Not more that 3 or 4 beers. I did this once and had short of breath and felt like I was falling. Also driving is not a good idea. Its not bad as a social drug because I takes away all anxiety and makes me more comfortable around people.

Although codine is still my favorite mellow drug, I would gladly do clonazepam but only in the comfort of a home.

Thank You for reading my experience.