Well, after reading this and that about passionflower and skullcap I invited some friends over to try it with me. I was hoping to find a marijuna alternative but in all honesty was not expecting much from either plant. I drank a herbal tea with skulcap, valerian root, hops, st johns wort, cammomile, passion flower, and skullcap (this stuff usually makes me real chill). Then We went to a dark park. It was about 1 in the morning. Sat indian style on the sidewalk in a circle. First I smoked a bowl of the Passionflower. It went down easy and I didnt feel much more then lightheaded (I am not much of a smoker) After that my friends started smoking a bowl of the Skullcap. Please note we were smoking the Scutellaria lateriflora which is the weakest species of the herb and is not to be confused with Scutellaria galericulata or Scutellaria nana (mad dog weed). After watching them toke the Skullcap for 10 minutes I decided to join them. This stuff was HARSH on the lungs. My friend said it felt like smoking a citrus orange acid. We repacked at least three times and smoked at least a bowl each. 

Didnt feel much of anything but a bit light headed. After about 30 minutes of smoking we all got up and started walking home. Thats when I felt my body kinda 'let down'. Then my friend said 'woah it just hit me' as he lit a cigarete. By the time we got home, we were standing in the street analysing this strange feeling. It was not much of anything to explain and a bit hard to identify. Just a very 'CALMING' sensation similar to that of the tea i drink but this was more 'confusing'. We spoke slow and were a bit confused. When we got inside I noticed that when I 'chilled' I was REALLY chill.      

Later my friends went home to smoke some cannibis, I just lay in bed and relaxed to some chill music. All in all Id say that it was not worth the smoke inhalation. Id rather drink the tea. HOWEVER, I am excited to try smoking the  Scutellaria galericulata or Scutellaria nana sometime in the future.  

When experimenting with Skullcap, PLEASE try and specify the specific species you are using so we can keep track of the effects of the different types. this is the main three:
1. Scutellaria lateriflora (weak, dont expect much)
2. Scutellaria galericulata (supposed to be as good as bud)
3. Scutellaria nana (supposed to be as good as HIGH QUALITY bud)

I expect Skullcap to make me CALM and cloud my head.

lastly, everything is permissible, not everything is beneficial. Use caution and be edified by everything you do!