I heard about Salvia from friends, and gradually became interested in it.  After reading a lot of stuff about it, including several trip reports, I decided to try it.  I haven't taken shrooms for about three months, and I haven't been smoking weed very regularly.  I've been backing off of weed during the school year, and I figure Salvia is just the thing to safely satisfy my desire to get fucked up without messing up school.  It seems like it is the perfect drug: A strong psychedelic experience that is over in well under a half hour, with no after affects.  Plus, I just love experimenting with new stuff.

I went down to a local headshop and purchased a gram of 17X Salvia extract.  The man at the counter told me only to use a pinch, since there were 10-15 doses in the vial.  That night I load just a tiny bit in my pipe, figuring it is best to start extremely small, and take a hit.  I feel vaguely altered and my head spins a little bit but that is the full extent of the experience.  It was nothing major, and may have been entirely placebo.  I go to bed shortly after.

The next night, after preparing to go to bed, I decide to give the Salvia another try.  I load a tiny bit more in the pipe, but I still don't expect to feel very much.  Acting on a whim, I walk into the bathroom, and decide to take my hit staring in the mirror. Acting on a whim, I walk into the bathroom, and decide to take my hit staring in the mirror.  It would be pretty cool to start tripping while looking at my own face.  I breathe out completely and take a long, monster hit off of my pipe.  I breathe in slowly and keep the flame burning for the entire hit, since Salvia vaporizes at a higher temperature than THC it's important to keep the flame on it for the entire hit.  <!--If you just light it and then let it cook you will waste a lot. --> Anyway, the smoke goes down much more easily than weed, and I don't cough, which I certainly would have after such a lung-busting hit or reefer.  I hold the hit as long as I can, and before I let it out, I feel myself coming up.  It is the classic feeling of coming up on psychedelics for me, just extremely sudden.  It feels like gears are turning and grinding in my brain, and pretty soon the jack-in-the-box will spring out.  I turn startled and walk into the hall.  I am surprised by how fast it has come on, and I briefly think "I wonder if I should have a sitter."  Instantly another voice in mind responds in an insane and happy voice: "Don't worry, we will be your trip sitter."  I immediately wonder who that might be, when I realize it is the gnomes.  The little fuckers are everywhere on the floor, but they are fuzzy and I know at the same time that they are not there and I can see through them.  They are like little shadows.  

Suddenly I feel an irresistible force tugging on my elbows.  If feels like they are pulling on the veins on my arms (the big fat vein in your elbow where the doctor draws blood from) I can almost see the gnomes pulling on ropes attached to my veins.  I know that they are leading me into my bedroom so that I can lay down and ride out the trip on my bed.  I hobble into my room, and then turn and quickly walk to my drawer to put my pipe away.  My face is twisted into an insane grin, and I am giggling uncontrollably.  I am laughing at myself, and the absurdity of my situation.  I realize I am tripping hard and that all of this is in my mind.  I am laughing at the sheer ridiculousness of thinking there are gnomes around me, and how quickly I got thrown into this world.  I open my drawer under my bed, and put my pipe away.  A surprisingly solid looking gnome walks across the drawer, and I say out loud "that time I almost saw one."  I stand up, which makes me lose my balance and I fall on my desk, knocking shit everywhere.  I start laughing at how I'm so fucked up I can't even stand up correctly.  I go to my bed and lay down closing my eyes.  I am still lost in the sillyness of pure happy insanity, and I have dim CEVs of gnomes bouncing around a garden path.  I open my eyes and put on some music.  I think I can see a faint blue sky with clouds on the wall.  I feel like my room is a majestic kingdom and I am the king, sitting and admiring the landscape.  Awhile later I comedown completely, and sleep.  I feel no ill effects.

Conclusion:
I definitely tripped, but there were no color distortions at all or anything.  The only things I "saw" were just visualizations of my crazy mindset.  An interesting aspect was that the music I played did not synergize with my experience. Music was somewhat annoying and seemed attached to normal reality, and was much less interesting than what was going on in my mind.  This stuff hit me harder than I thought it would, so it is good to start small, and I needed good smoking technique to get high.

Thanks for reading my long ass trip report.

Peace