After reading some interesting experience reports and talking to some friends I decided to give N2O a try. It seemed safe enough because doctors use it on people and if it was bad it would would only last a short time.

I went out and bought myself a Cream charger from a kitchen supplies place for about 40 bucks (its a device for making whipped cream) and a box with 10 cream canasters in each from the local supermarket for about 60 bucks (australian dollars). After getting everything together I went to my friends place. When night came we started to set everything up. We set up a stero with chilled dance music playing, lit a candle and made sure there wouldn't be distractions. He and I both layed on a nice big matress staring up at the candle. My friend recommended I try lots to start with because it would be heaps of fun. I gladly agreed. We had planned to charge up 2 lots of 5 canasters in to the cream charger 

I layed down feeling relaxed smoking a cigarette. Watching my friend charge up the first 5 canasters into the N2O charger. I wondered about the power inside the little metal canaster. He said to put my mouth over the hole (where the cream would usally be dispensed) then suck. I kept my eyes on the candle, put the N2O charger to my lips, pressed the button and sucked. Over a few big breaths I finished off the remaining N2O. 

My ears became filled with the bass going boom boom boom in eckoey waves. I could see thousands of little pin pricks of colour radiating out from the candle flame. The room was pulsating and i couldn't stop laughing. Everything was perfect. It felt like reality was bobbing in and out of my brain in waves. The music was so distorted i could just hear boom boom boom eckoing again and again. I shook my head side to to side quickly. The candle played havoc with my vision. I saw little flicks of colour everywhere I rolled onto my side laughing. I have never laughed so much before. I heard a distant deep voice say 'stand up man you gotta check this' (it was my friend prepping another lot of 5 into the charger). I manage to shakily haul myself to my feet. I put the charger to my lips and sucked. I fell straight over backwards on to the bed. It was like lightning striking my brain. My mind kept spinning. It was like I never fell onto the bed but rather kept falling in big circles through space. All I could hear was a deep slow boom boom sound like being in the belly of a huge machine. The flicks of colour rushed around darting randomly everywhere. 

Then a short while later the effects got less and less slowly coming back to normal. I looked around. There I lay N2O charger in hand. Just the same old beats cranking. The whole experience lasted about 10 - 12 mins. There were no after effects. I felt as good as before I had taken some. I never knew the true power of N2O till that night. It is to be respected and used with caution. Just don't try it standing up on hard floors. It was definately worth the outlay.