Preamble:
We were real bored. Real bored. My friend and I were talking about doing some type of opiate. I wanted oxy, and so did he. But we were real short on money. We decided to steal. I know, I know, it's horrible but we did it any way. We went to a nearby grocer (corporate one at least) and my friend unscrewed the top to a B-6 container. I was nervous. I had never stolen before, even at 19. I thought what the hell, first time for everything. So I put two 240 count bottles under my arm pits (ackward place) and we bought something cheap and left. Now for the experiance. 

The Beef:

We ate them at about 8:00, then waited. I played pool for a bit then suddenly I felt some tingling. First behind my head (brainstem), kinda like serotonin region. It felt good. I told my friend about it. We went up stairs to make noodles, and we were both getting extremely sleepy. I body buzz slowly built up to the point of a good near-opiate like feeling. Felt a kinda like a sleepy-roll too. Real nice.

We both deciding that laying down and closing our eyes despite the 9:00 time would be a good idea. I laid on his very comfortable couch and closed my eyes. It didn't feel like sleep but all of a sudden it was 11:00. I 'woke' up and my friend was died asleep. Nearly unawakable. His father came downstairs and tried to wake him, but he didn't wake up. Out cold. His father asked me what we did. I just said we were tired so we fell asleep. His father kinda rolled his eyes. My other friend and I left. I was still tired, and the body buzz was gone, but I still felt good. We found a party with a hookha and a just jumped for joy. It had been 2 weeks since I had had nicotine in my body. It was sheer pleasure.
   
By about 1:00 I got home, and I went online for a bit By 2:00 I was out cold. My sleep was ok but not that great, probably the wake up in the middle was why. I also had to wake up at 7:00 to work (WHICH WAS HORRIBLE). My sleep the next night was actually better. Intense dreams. My friend slept for 17 hours the night before, and said his dreams were intense too.

Overall, a real good experience.