I found myself ahead on a writing deadline and with nothing to do on a Tuesday afternoon, so I decided to experiment with Hawaiian Baby Woodrose Seeds. Although I had eaten a large meal the night before, I had had nothing to eat during the day, and so I hoped to avoid the nausea that had been reported by some users. This nausea is attributed either to the seeds themselves, or to coatings supposedly put on seeds by seed companies to discourage this sort of thing, depending on who you talk to. A third suspicion of mine was that people were more likely to try morning glory seeds than HBWR seeds, and that it takes a whole lot more of the former to feel any effects, and that it was the sheer quantity of the seeds that was causing nausea in these people. In any case, I'm writing this at about 2:05PM and will find out shortly... :-`

HBWR seeds, like morning glory seeds, contain such nicely active ingredients as d-lysergic acid amide and d-isolysergic acid amide (a.k.a. ergine & isoergine) which are close relatives of your old friend and pal (can you believe she's 50?) d-lysergic acid diethylamide (a.k.a. LSD). According to Peter Stafford's 'Psychedelics Encyclopedia' (3rd Expanded Edition, pp. 98-99):


'Lysergic acid amides are quite concentrated in the seeds of this ornamental, much more so than in psychedelic morning glories. Four to six seeds (the contents of one or two pods) are the equivalent of 100 to 150 Ipomoea morning glory seeds and will produce a full-blown experience. The result is generally more tranquil than what is induced by LSD. While LSD is perceived by most users as having stimulant effects, to which a few people are particularly sensitive, the botanical sources have more of a slowing or depressant effect. Some users complain that they have had a hangover, which has been characterized by Emboden as possibly involving `nausea, vertigo, blurred vision and physical inertia.' More often, however, these seeds have invigorated their users, leaving them feeling as though they had been on vacation afterwards.' 


Stafford recommended (with Morning Glories) that 'seeds should be ground to a flour before use; it's also a good idea to soak them in water -- the psychoactive components are soluble -- and then to strain the liquid through cheesecloth. The amides of value are in the liquid, which is ready for consumption.' I did not follow this advice directly -- I soaked the whole seeds and put them in a blender.

I was also unable to find motion sickness tablets at the supermarket, and so am not testing out another piece of advice that was given to me -- take some dramamine before the seeds to reduce nausea.

Also mentioned by Stafford was that 'high dosages are not advisable -- beyond a certain level, experience so far has shown a tendency for limbs to get bluish' (perhaps by the same gangrene-producing effect as that produced by the ergot fungus in `ergotism'). I decided to look out for this effect as best as I could.

1:30 PM -- I covered six seeds with hot tap water in a small bowl.

1:50 PM -- I poured the seeds and water into a small food processor and chopped the seeds as well as I could. It was a bit like chopping up small, soft rocks. I then added some orange juice, a few frozen cherries, raspberries, and strawberries, and blended for another minute or so.

2:00 PM -- I began to drink the resulting mixture, and I packed a small bowl of marijuana to smoke to combat possible nausea. My hope was that the effects of the marijuana would have vanished by the time the HBWR seeds began to work their wonders.

2:15 PM -- I am nicely high and reaching the bottom of my psychic smoothie.

2:25 PM -- I am very high and have finished off said smoothie.

2:45 PM -- Wow, that was great dope. No nausea yet.

3:10 PM -- Got munchies; had some soda crackers. No nausea or other ill effects. Still feel pleasantly high. I cannot tell at this juncture whether this is just good dope or whether HWBR are starting up.

3:45 PM -- At this point I am experiencing nothing that I cannot plausably attribute to lingering marijuana effects.

4:00 PM -- By now, I would have expected the marijuana effects to have just about ended. I'm experiencing mild visual distortions (walls breathing) and some tactile enhancement (carpet between my toes feels nice). Nothing like a 'full-blown experience' yet. Also, there is very minor auditory enhancement, and some of those LSD leg jitters (wanting to keep time to some beat about 4x/second).

4:30 PM -- Became sleepy, started to doze off during 'Voodoo Chile.' Was awakened by bass guitar shaking my left foot. Still no nausea or ill effects, but I'm most definately stoned. Sort of like LSD, but without the early rush. More like what LSD would be like if you missed the first four hours. Either that, or I'm just starting the climb.

5:05 PM -- No increase in effects. If this is all there is, I'm not too impressed.

5:30 PM -- Doesn't seem to be going anywhere. I just feel mildly strange and slightly uncoordinated.

6:00 PM -- Still slightly stoned. Ate vegies and bread and cheese. Not much happening. I think I'll try a few more seeds next time and see how that works. This must be one of those 'physical inertia' trips... Oh well, better luck next time.

7:35 PM -- Am almost completely down. In retrospect, it wasn't completely unexciting, and with the right set and setting might have been very nice. Very mellow, though. Not too much going on. Much less auditory effects than I would expect from LSD or marijuana. No limb bluing, no nausea.