[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.]

[Erowid Note: 
The "water extraction" method is ineffective in separating diethyl ether from the volatile hydrocarbon liquids/gases in "starter fluid". Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe use of volatile hydrocarbon gases: their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage.]

Note: I am VERY light. I come from a family of extremely overly fast metabolism. My body weight may have something to do with how extreme my ether sessions where.

Here was my method... I had a small brown paper bag, maybe the same size as a lunch bag. I doused a few napkins with the ether, and proceeded to breath through the bag for as long as I could. I had multiple experiences with just one can of starter fluid.

*note* all of these times where on the same day.

First: My first time I didnt have much. I got so lightheaded that I almost fell over. Everything felt computerized, robotic. It was awesome, sounds felt like they echoed, but when I concentrated on the echo, I couldn't hear it anymore. So I had a nice, hyped up light headed first time. It lasted about two or three minutes.

Second: A little while later, I did it again. This time I had more ether in the bag and the smell was stronger. I huffed it for about a minute straight, doing short quick breaths. It felt like a barrier was being formed around me, and I lost all mindset, and all thoughts. Everything was completely waved out. I felt like I was in a gam; but after a few seconds, when I returned to reality, it was back to the normal first time trip

Third: This time I did it behind a bush. It was semi dark outside. I did it for a little longer this time. Everyone was trying to take the bag away from me because my turn was over... Thats all I could concetrate on.. But then, it all faded away. I was exploring my thoughts, in complete darkness. I saw darkness with green lines.  Something came up in my mind like.. The end of my life? Somehow this darkness convinced me that there is no god.. It  gave me the mindset that I had visted the place where we go after we die. And it was space.. Complete darkness. And soon enough, I faded back into reality slowly. 

Fourth: This is by far the most powerfull time. I huffed while sitting down for about two mintues or so. I did it so long, that I just blanked out. I didnt explore my mind, I just didnt remember anything. It was scary though, because It was about five minutes blanked out. A security guard walked by me and looked me over with a flash light. There was only one person with me, a friend, she was a girl. She was trying to get me up while the security guard reviewed me, taking my bag and bottle of ether. When I came back into reality, I thought I was in trouble or something, but found the whole situation funny. She looked about twice the size that she usually does, and she was a cheerleader. I stumbled my way the fuck out of there.

Ether is fun. I can't find any side affects about it personally. No hang over, no nothin! Its short and it is fun.<!--My only warning: If you are huffing by bag, don't do it longer than you have to. Once you get short of breath, take a breath of real air and then continue to do as you please.-->