Last night was new year's eve, and now it is 2001. I had recently purchased two hits of the yellow/orange sun design of paper acid.

The evening commenced at a pool party outside in a heated pool, with a bubble tent thing over it all. About 15 people were there but I was most interested in one. A girl I've known for awhile, but for unclear reasons we never seem to hook up. Anyways, the night was going well, it was already awesome just to be with her, especially on such a night as new year's eve. 

Halfway through this her ex-boyfriend showed up and almost ruined everything. I debated on whether or not to take the acid, but everything turned out awesome. After midnight I went over to another party so that I could ingest the dose in semi-peace, that way she didn't know what I was doing. I dropped it and smoked a joint and a bowl and headed back to her friend's house where she was staying. About 5 people were there, but they were half asleep. 

I started to feel it a little before I went over there. I think they knew what was going on, or at least that I was on something. They probably just thought I was high. Anyways, the gitteryness had already passed at the other person's house...I mean, it was still there but I was into the other things, just feeling enhancment. What we did that night I don't know, but it was like our minds and souls were melded together. Time didn't exist...I kept drifting off into this weird dream world. But at the same time I was still wired and awake with her, cuddling and doing whatnot. We didn't have sex, or any other alternatives to sex, but the whole experience was better than sex can ever be normally. It was heaven...what I felt couldn't be described. This was my first acid trip, it is too hard to explain.

After I left there at 4 am (dropped the acid at 12:30), I was peaking I think. Walls looked like they were just kind of rippling slowly, breathing, doorcracks would breathe. I left and went back to my buddy's house. My other friend had tripped too that night, but I didn't see him. At his house I lit up and saw tracers galore. It was amazing...the whole experience. I didn't get to sleep 'til 8 this morning and that was after I smoked 4 more bowls by myself.