Saturday, 2:30pm @ my place: Extracted and divided into two uneven parts: one 450mg and one 650mg dose (approximate) of 'mescaline Hcl'.

A good friend for whom it was the first time took the lower 450 dose, weighing it at 165lb or so. He was nervous but excited.

I took the heavier dose after having taken a 450mg dose a week ago, weighing it at 150lbs. This was my 2nd time.

In less then 30 minutes, I started feeling uncomfortable body sensations. My stomach seemed to be twisting and churning, thoughts speeding up, and distorted eyesight present. I didn't like this phase of the trip, and the mild unpleasantness continued for the first 1.5-2 hours. Taking a shower didn't help, but I sure was glad I took 1 pill of Dramamine beforehand, or otherwise I could have gotten nauseus.

Like on Mushrooms, I felt for a while as if I was poisoned. Thoughts would turn negative inside my head, and I went to my own room for a moment, seperating myself from my friends downstairs. I would keep going back and forth like this, feeling disoriented and sick, for an hour or so.

We watched snowboarding videos for a while and I was tripping in an uncomfortable, body-sensation/disorientation wave. Visuals were weird and unpleasant at this point - I saw a picture on my wall shrink and expand over and over as long as I watched it. Things moved or jittered in my vision. Anything I looked at would move around in a jittery way and despite the uniqueness of the effects, the unpleasant body sensations kept me from enjoying myself fully.

Then we went outside!

Oh my, yes, the great outdoors and Mescalito play very well together. It was a beautiful, sunny day and we went to a nearby park by the sea. Kids playing, people jogging, laughter, noise, sunshine. Movement was very easy, probably because I couldn't feel my body at all! It was like my head was floating along. Patterns, twirling dots and a varriety of colorful visual distortions followed throughout.

I was also relieved that my friend was having a great time. He did not feel any strong effects until the 1.5 hour mark, but in the park, it kicked his ass good! We sat around and marveled. We walked around and marveled. We came to some basic conclusions:

1) We were legally and ILLEGALLY insane.
2) Nothing matters.
3) It's all a circle, maaaan...

Conversation was almost as difficult as on shrooms, but much more enjoyable. Lots and lots of giggling, laughter and general craziness. At some point we went on a bridge overlooking the highway and the ocean bay, and it offered a magnificent view of ships, cars and people for miles away. The Mesc made everything appear even more brilliant and real. At the same time, my view seemed crunched towards the bottom, so thing appeared smaller in the bottom part of my vision, like a caricature of a person with a small body and a large head - except everything was like that.

We then went back to my house and watched Fear and Loathing on the bigscreen TV. Oh man oh man was that ever fun! We were quoting along with the movie, something we never do usually but to me at least, I felt inside the film. I experienced the emotions of the characters. I marveled at Depp's skillful portrayal of Thompson's drug-bent gait. It was fun!

Some observations: Very long lasting. Dosed at 2:30pm and effects didn't fully wear off until maybe 5am. Mixing with weed and alcohol towards the end of the night no doubt prolonged it.

I took a heavy dose of 650mg in order to experience something like Carlos Castaneda described. I believed I could totally lose track of what I was doing and see things that weren't there - that didn't exactly happen. People didn't turn into animals or anything super-cool like that, but it was a powerful and fantastic trip none the less. The only bad part were the first 1.5 hours. On a heavy dose, the body sensations (especially my stomach) distracts me from the trip. I felt like I needed to shit or puke, but when I tried it wouldn't happen. It was as if I forgot how to control my body and tell it to perform these functions! Unpleasant and irritable, but worth it in the end, for sure.