Unlike Datura, which principal active alkaloids, Atropine and Scopolamine, are widely varied in concentration, Brugmansia (Tree Datura) is said to predominantly containing Scopolamine.

I was running a fever, had a terrible headache, my congestion was such that it had become almost impossible to keep from coughing every 10 seconds, and having researched Scopolamine for it's ability to treat migraine, as well as having anti-muscarinic properties, I decided to prepare a tea out out of two 6 inch leaves of my growing Insignis Gold, to relieve the congestion and headache.

It was a relatively safe, low-dose experiment. The objective was to see if this plant could be of some use, medicinally. It was a success for the most part, with side effects. 

6:15AM: Two 6 inch leaves were boiled in 2/3 cup of water. I attempt to down the bitter, vile-tasting liquid in one gulp. It smells like lima beans and lettuce, and tastes even worse. As it goes down, my body immediately responds by trying to throw it up, but I manage to keep it down, but not before it is coughed half-way back up and has to be swallowed again. 

6:37AM: Headache is completely gone. No tactile, cognitive or physical effects are noted. I assumed I had taken less than I expected.

11:37AM: I didn't notice anything, until I got up and suddenly realized 'something' is 'weird'. The air around me is different, I take a few steps foward, and notice I feel drunk. My movement is running about 30 frames per second as opposed to 24.

11:37AM: Relaxing in my large Roman bath reading, with a large cup of water nearby. My congestion is totally gone, however my hands and feet are very dry and I feel uncomfortably drunken and deadened.

12:30PM: I rise. Suddenly a rush, my vision unfocuses, I panic for a second, but it flees just as fast as it came on. 7 hours later, the effect is barely noticable, and after 24 hours, I'm down. The taste is utterly nasty, you don't notice it until later. The after-taste stays with you for hours.

Although this was a low-dose trip, the reason for writing this report is to serve as a warning to anyone thinking of using Brugmansia or any Tropane containing plants in high-levels to trip, or for 'spiritual' purposes.

If you read a Datura report, you'll almost always see words like 'it was not fun', 'stay away from it', 'be very careful', 'have a sitter' at the end. Some even use '!!!!' to make sure they get their point across. 

They are not exaggerating.

But nobody really ever takes the time to elaborate on just why. 'Stay away from this stuff! It is not fun!!!', is not a good choice of words to discourage people from doing this. A lot of drugs fall under that catagory. Caffeine can be a terrorizing experience at a high enough doses.

Tropanes are a brush with death. The effects are not like a stimulant, depressant, psychedelic, or even a disassociative, they effect your core being. The only insight you gain is what brain damage or being a subhuman shell must be like.