So far, I've never had a bad trip and don't hallucinate. Usually psychedelics (lsd, mushrooms) just put me a peaceful and tranquil state of mind where life and reality is wholly engaging…however 5meoDMT is another journey. On this substance I do hallucinate and see psychedelics that are almost unconceivable.

Smoking a good hit (I use one measured helping from one of those little spoons on a 1gm toot vile, such as used for cocaine or ‘k', the kind available at any head shop) in a glass pipe can take you to another environment, place and time. It's very powerful, and can be scary. 

The first time I did 5meoDMT I knew right away I needed to give in and not struggle it. I thought of it as a frightening roller coaster, the kind where you know you're strapped in and can't get away so you ease up and let the ride take you where it wants you to go. 

At the beginning, breathing was something I thought I had to consciously do.  I remember thinking I didn't have control of anything except breathing (and thus staying alive), so I took regular breathes until I was able to release that function back to a non-conscious effort. Everything else was beyond my ability to control.

The last time I did it, it blew away every other buzz I've *ever* had. I no longer have to worry about remembering to breath, but I did have to relax into the length of the journey. Which seemed like it went on for days, when in fact it only lasted about 30-60 minutes. In that time, I went on an amazing experience where I was overwhelmed in a euphoric and kaleidoscopic place that in the past had been unreachable for me. I finally saw where the inspiration for all that hippy tie-dye and psychedelic art comes from.

The buzz is hard to describe. My initial thought was it was like n2o, tenfold. Where the whole world seems to expand, contract and be euphoric and powerfully psychedelic. Sights and sounds have mutating physical properties. But this is just *my* vision of what the experience is physically like.

(Side note: 5meoDMT one of those drugs where you need a trip mom or dad. Someone should stay with you to watch over and make sure you have anything you might need...water, a voice, a touch). The after taste of the smoke is somewhat bitter, so I usually need frequent sips of water so as not to concentrate on it.

Coming down from the buzz I generally fade into a slight glow (sort like the happy 'e' onset). In about 1.5 hrs from start to finish, it's done and I've felt no real physical aftermath buzz. I'm back to sobriety. From what I hear, it's a substance that should be taken by itself, before anything else, and should not following certain other substances.