After an excellent first experience with 2CE, I wanted to try it again, this time during the summer holidays with a friend at home.

We both took the drugs with a beer at 6:45 in the evening - quite late as we had been required to function normally earlier in the day (driving would not be a good idea tripping on this). After taking it we went on a bike ride which took longer then expected. The road took on a  mosaic appearance and then began to morph and gloop. I was time to be getting back, and i did feel sick (just chillin in a bed or sofa is the best way to stop feeling ill-and it does pass). Grass was very weird - not just yout usual persian carpet style but a morphing entity of colour, full of images, a lot resembling demons. Entering the house the door was melting and the tiles constantly morphing. I was now tripping heavier than I have before. I've had 40g of Columbian shrooms and 6 blotters of what I knoww to be good acid, but those visuals were nothing compared to the ones I was experiencing now.

We decided to chill in my room and smoke a good bowl of bud each from the vapouriser. Even before this the woodgrains were pouring and strange 3D beads of light and transparent patterns, like holograms were spining in my vision. The closed eye visuals were amazing - a canival of colour and spinning. I smoked some of the bowl and very quickly - I could almost see the point in time - the trip went up another notch in intensity. The beads of colour I was seeing turned to meteorites and then any object I looked at formed beads of light which shot out towards me.

My memory was gone, and it was very easy to get distracted, but I finished the bowl and filled it again for my friend. After having half his bowl, and me finishing the rest, we decided to go for a walk in the garden. It was now around 10. It was dark downstairs and i was hallucinating rapidly. i saw these repeating images that resembled a rat, and then my socked turned exactly the same texture as charcoal for a few seconds.

Outside was sensory overload. i noticed that it was a full moon - supposedly a weird time when exploring you pshyche - which I already was on a heavy dose of a very potent drug. I was also convinced i was pretty clean - any hidden bad areas/dark areas (that is often released on a heavy shroom dose) would have been exposed. I felt very vulnerable-anything bad that would have happened then would have rocked me to my foundations. Stars and plants were amazing, and the clouds were incredible. I was completely enjoying the expereince however. I had at the time a cold. and because I was tripping whenever I coughed it seemed like i was coughing up blood, or part of lungs, and my lungs began to ache.  I was constantly telling myself it was the drug making me think this, but it seemed so real. At one point it seemed like there was an eel thrashing around my lungs as well - not pleasent.

We returned to my room. The ceiling was running as fast as a river against th wall. It didn't resemble it slightly - it just was. Carpets were full of purple beads that looked so real, but they weren't there. The 3D hologram visuals were constantly morphing, but thy were interconnected and repeated the same image. 

time was very odd, as was sound. After getting lost listening to Air, i put on some Led Zepellin - has a bit more structure, you know where you are with it. Using this music as a reference i could slow down, and then speed up, my perception of time. Sound could also be morphed at will.

Going for a walk around 1 AM and we were coming down, but I was still tripping hevier than I ever had done. We smoked a joint between us and it boosted the trip again. Grass stems turned into lines of amoebic pink beads and grew - it looked so real.

Aound 3 we watched some Simpsons, with some definate sound morphing and blurriness that wasn't normal, still tripping. Mars ice cream was very good.

I had trouble getting to sleep and although I was no longer 'tripping' (patterns still in carpet) I wasn't at base line after 14 hours from taking the 2C-E.

That night I was there, at the spiritual plane that shamans seek. I don't think I could have been tripping any heavier. It was a very interesting, intense expereince. If you decided you wanted it to stop you would have had a terrifing time - you just had to surf the trip or else it would go very wrong. Nextime I will be taking the 2C-E  around lunchtime and hopefully with a sober sitter - this would have been most reassuring, especially when I could taste coughed up blood that wasn't there.

I was mentally drained the next day - socialising and talking the following night required a lot of effort - I was tired, just drained.