I've been looking for an herb or substance that will give me a recreational drug effect. Something that I can use on a daily basis to replace mary jane. I do love her so much, and loved growing my own strands. Now I have a new family and kid on the way and want to be there for my daughter instead of in jail. So I've taken upon a quest to try just about every legal thing under the sun to see if I can find a replacement garden. 

the first thing I tried was wormwood extract. The first hit I felt immediately come on just like a thc buzz. just not as strong. I kept smoking the resin to continue the effect, as I was suprised on how much it was like weed. It bubbled up like hash, and tasted very mild and at times it was hot and harsh on the throat. Overall very smokeable. About five minutes into the session, I felt like my whole body was in slow motion. My mind was deffintately altered. Things around me seemed more detailed like an aderal buzz. Everything looked like it had a definate edge to it and was in it's own space. Pannic sometimes hit but fleeted away with a turn of attention (might be cuz it was my first time). There wasn't any hollucinations or any thing that wasn't tolerable. I did feel like I had a head ache from time to time. After about 45 minutes or so I felt like I drank 3 beers back to back. Mild intoxication. But that was about it. I've read other posts where people felt the effects of wormwood 30+ min. after they dosed, but I felt mine almost immediately. I also haven't smoke pot or cigs or drank during the time I was under wormwood, until I felt like I drank beer, then I drank a beer:) 

I've quit smoking ciguretts for almost 6 months now, the only time I crave one is when I smoke some really good pot. Smoking wormwood extract gave me that same craving for a cig. Another thing to note is that I have been pot free for almost 60 days. That might have something to do with the sensitivity I experianced. For artists like me who look for a drug that enhances creativity and/or pleasure to listening to music. I couldn't tell a differance to music as far as pleasurability, but I did invision some crazy ideas for drawings and paint work. Beacuase of that I may try wormwood again. But my search is still on for that perfect replacement.