ok first off , I'm a very expeirienced tweaker , with meth I mean.  This night proved to be the most WHACKED out night of my life.

FRIDAY   6 pm   me and a buddy , my best friend are looking for a party , we com across some Xanax , so we do them and go get some beer , then head to a club .. we meet friends there , go to the atfer party eventually stumbling on some cocaine , im not a huge fan of cocaine , but they asked me if i wanted to shoot it , ive never shot anythin.... So  we shot coke , and shot coke , and shot coke , . OH MY GOD < let me tell you coke is a different drug if you shoot it , totally different drug . IF you are used to snorting it and think shooting it will make it better , let me tell you , if you shoot coke , it will be nothing even remotly similar to snorting it.

Sat  11 am,  we invite a friend over , a veteran needle pusher, so she could bring us some newer rigs , anyway , she joins the parrty. all that evening shooting coke, needled in veins , blood pulled back in to make sure its in a vein , PUSH let it rip AAAAHHHH   OH MY GOD what a fucking rush.
 
SATnight about 8 pm i do a pretty big one where I cant move out of my chair for about ten minutes and i cant hear anything , at the same time our friend , the one that came over that day is ODing in the bathroom , i can hear her thrashin about , and talking in a voice that is hardly understanable, like a really reatrded person running into walls , trying to talk , and i can do nothing but sit there and whisper , 'is she ok' to the folks rushin by me , i tell you that was the brink of OD ING.  after about 15 minutes of thrashing around , she started coming back to her senses , and her voice got back to normal , but GOD DAMN what a fucin buxzzkill , i played some guitar to her while she gathered her whits up , needless to say she didnt do anymore that night , maybe she will never do anymore who knows .  


that party was like no other party ive ever been to , it was a junkie party , not fun just depressing , alll you can think about is that fuckin needle and putting it in your arm , this is the next day , and im wonderin where life will go for me from here , cuz i liked that damn needle. i would have gotten out of my chair and checked on her sooner , but i had done a pretty big one and was incapacitated, but in this story everything turned out ok , but it could be bad the next time , everyone out there , BE CAREFUL , dont be stupid.