[Erowid Note: 
Some authors report suspicions that their cannabis has been 'laced' (adulterated), in some cases, presumably with PCP. While this is possible, readers should be aware that idiosyncratic response to the effects of cannabis (usually higher doses) can lead some users to presume their cannabis has been 'laced'. There is no way to know if the cannabis in the report below was adulterated or not. Reports of plant material and cannabis laced with powerful synthetic cannabinoids and other psychoactive substances became more common starting in 2007.]

So we found a baggie, on the floor, in the chip shop, no jokes, it was just on the floor and we picked it up. Someone must have dropped it, there was a fair amount, bordering on an 1/8. We subtly claimed it for ourselves and took it outside for closer examination. We opened it, and the all too familiar smell of weed gushed out of the bag. We were taken quite aback, it looked like this would be really strong shit.

It looked just like weed, very compact though, it must have had a long journey from wherever, we were so excited about finding it, we rang up some others and suggested that we all smoked it immediately. It was so funny and exciting, we were like kiddies at Christmas so eagerly awaiting the next step. 

We asked another 2 people to join us, bringing the numbers up to 5, however 3 more joined. And we seriously doubted whether there was enough for 8. We all went back to my place, the ground floor is really breathtaking, a huge room with a large fireplace and great comfy sofas, overlooked by the balcony of the second story. It was cold outside and we all came in and put the fire on. It really is the best place to chill out and we were all really up for it. We had stopped just before and bought a bottle of vodka, a small crate of beers and a bottle of Jameson's whisky. We decided to smoke it first to try it out, and then move onto the drinking. 

I brought out the shisha (hooker, a really big bong with a long hose which burns with a small coal in the top). We poured the whole baggie in the big shisha bowl a tiny bit of backy in the top. We then filled the shisha with vodka, (I'd heard that using vodka instead of just water in the bong made it much stronger). We lit it up and passed it around everyone. 

It was so thick and creamy, we were all a little skeptical as to whether it would be any good. But it sure tasted good, a little different, but the first head rush was pretty strong, we all sat around, passing it around. No matter how much we smoked though, more smoke just kept coming out, we must have been smoking solidly for at least 45 minutes and the weed was still going strong. 

We were all so buzzing, it was absolutely fantastic. We hadn't even started drinking and everyone was totally out of it. The experience was blissful, it was so great to be in such a nice environment, we were all so happy and enjoying each other company, the chat was great. However the two brothers A and D looked very sleepy, and weren't really joining in, that was ok though it was still all good. Within a few minutes they were both totally asleep, and we found It mildly amusing and watched them for a while peacefully chilling. We returned back to our conversation and I was too feeling a little sleepy but put a bit more effort in to staying up as I was the host, however C was now getting quieter and quieter, and there was only really three of us talking properly now. After a few minutes there was no talk at all and I was feeling really knackered. It must have only been 1 and a half hours since we started, I was thinking about going to sleep, and I was feeling a little queasy. I forced myself to get up and put the shisha away as the hot coals should be disposed of safely.

After sitting back down everyone was asleep, and then I realized I wasn't in the same room. It was totally bizarre I was very confused and a little worried. The walls must have breathed for sometime yet I hadn't even realized it, and the more I looked at what I was seeing the more freaked out I got and the more I saw. I was in a room that was similar in shape to my living room, but no one was here, and It wasn't the same. Being unused to strong hallucinogens I was getting incredibly scared, and the more scared I got the more I seemed to see more and more strange things. By now I was completely awake, and was getting very very strong hallucinations. I could see peculiar objects of varying dimensions, and the most indescribable array of oddities. Most unfortunately I have forgotten completely. 

I then lost all touch with the room and could just see a bright orange reality of no real dimension, just as if I was floating in space with no perception of my body. I was aware of myself faintly and hadn't lost my ego entirely, but I couldn't make sense of anything despite my efforts. I was trying very hard to get a grip of reality, I had the faint notion in my chain of thoughts that this was an experience which would end. I would drift in and out of being ego conscious and not, but never actually seeing reality. I could just see and hear utterly strange and weird things. 

After what i suppose felt like an incredibly long duration, but could have been any duration (I estimate now roughly 2 hours). I became aware of myself finally again. And had some sort of notion of where my body was located in space but not really in time. I wasn't so much afraid anymore, I wasn't having a good time, yet I was not afraid it was as if I was completely neutral. I can recall communicating at some point with an external being, but I cant remember what this particular figment of my imagination looked or sounded like. I don't take it to be a religious unraveling and despite it being totally incomprehensible I don't doubt for a minute that it was merely drugs chemically inducing incorrect signals to be stimulated in my brain causing peculiarities. 

I cant remember much else, I awoke the next afternoon at about 3 Pm, to find my living room in a rather sorry state, with sleeping bodies strewn everywhere and the furniture everywhere. When everyone finally woke up most of them immediately stared gibbering nonsense just like me in an attempt to describe what had happened. Some where crying, others fell silent. It was so surreal and weird. We came to the general consensus that the baggie must have been cut with something incredibly strong and that it was probably not the best idea to smoke found drugs.

It was amazing, terrific and terrifying, I wouldn't recommend taking the drug again to an inexperienced user, whatever we had was very interesting and an experience which many should at some point consider having. Maybe if we were all prepared we could have tripped more pleasantly.