Setting: Me and two other friends which I will refer to as D and J outside on my back porch trippen balls on mushrooms. And we were smoking and drinking also.

Substances: 1/8 of mushrooms each..down the hatch. A couple of joints of White widow (Real good KB). A nice tall bottle of GoldShlager. 3/4 Empty.

 Well there we were. Just me and My friends on a normal friday night trippin our balls off, talking the shit, and just havin a good old time. We ate the mushrooms about an hour and a half before sitting around the campfire. We were searching for spiritual findings but all we found was astonishment. As I casually poured myself a drink I noticed everyones faces were aging into a zombie like corpse. I was thinking maybe they are trying to tell me something like my life is going in the wrong direction. So I pondered on that thought a while while pouring my 8th shot of GoldShlager and realized I was right I need to completely change my life, stop being an asshole to my parents and brother. As the flames sparked into the air my friends and I conversed about the very distant future and what lies ahead in certain phenomenal machinary. My hands felt as if two baloons were attached two them making my arms float up in the air (gave me thoughts of the wall). The flames were beautifully intertwining with each other in psychedelic swirls of uncertainty.

Then I did the dumbest, careless thing I could think of that would send my trip into the dark abyss but only for a short while. You see, the fire was started with axe deoderant spray, so I carelessly threw it into the fire knowing that it was empty. About ten minutes later my friends and I were talking about what it will be like when we cross over to the other side, when all of a sudden BOOM. It sounded, and felt as if a spud gun had shot a medicine ball into our chests. We sat there in awe thinking to ourselves 'Did we just die?' Colors intertwined in my eyesite even stronger than before, and a ringing like you do nitrous oxide prevailed as i tried to figure out what the hell just happened. My thoughts, neutral, as I pulled myself together and realized the dumb mistake I had initiated. Damn was I an idiot I thought, as I looked over at my friend in tears. Poor kid..it sent him on an insanity spree thinking he had crossed over for a good hour. The moral of the story: -Dont' be a dumbass like me and throw axe deoderant spray cans into the outdoor fireplace.