It wasn't until about 8 months ago that I started smoking weed. It was never really anything that I didn't want to do, or thought was wrong, it just wasn't something that was high on my list of priorities. The first few times I got high, I did enjoy myself, but I didn't really get to thoroughly enjoy myself because it just so happens that I become very antisocial while high, and those times I smoked, I was around a lot of people, which made me nervous and paranoid. This was especially intensified by the fact that it doesn't take much at all to get me very high.

However, when a friend of mine gave me some weed as a gift, I had the opportunity to get high in the comfort of my own home. I smoked 5 hits in a period of 5-10 minutes, and a few minutes later I was stoned as hell. The reason I become antisocial is because I feel like a completely different person while high, and the way I process thoughts becomes so vastly different, I am unsure how I'm supposed to behave around other people, even if they're high as well. I had never been this high before, and instead of simply exploring different ideas and thoughts, my imagination ran wild. I had minor visuals around the corner of my eyes, which seemed to be different colored shapes, geometric but not in any real pattern.

I decided to turn on some music, so I got online and asked a friend to recommend me a song to download. He's a major fan of techno, so he sent me Ferry Corsten - Rock Your Body, Rock. Listening to this song later while sober, I still like the song quite a bit, but not nearly as much as when I listened to it the first time while high. Most people I talked with who have heard it hate the song. 

So I put my headphones on, hit the play button and closed my eyes. As soon as the first beat started, it immediately hit me. I wouldn't say that it was a total hallucination, but it's like the weed had heightened my imagination and my perception to such a great extent that I was visually seeing the music in my head. The whole song was linear in that it was happening along some kind of track, with a black background. It's like it was one long and skinny wave that changed as the music changed. It started off as some kind of rod with all sorts of black pistons driving out of it, and then the true melody of the song hit. This ribbon was born out of the pistons, it had tons of tiny little spikes driving out of it, making it look fuzzy. Each spike was a different color, and it was also striped different colors along it's length. When the song's melody would change, the ribbon would pulse while flowing along from the beginning to the end. As the music would die down a bit, the ribbon would as well, and then slowly the energy would start building up, climaxing, the ribbon just hit some kind of crazy peak and exploded, going faster and bursting with more energy than ever. 

Every note, every beat, every part of the song was somehow in my head, contributing to this strange hallucination. I know that it was partially my imagination creating a lot of it, but at the same time I had no control over it, the song was presenting itself to me the way my mind interpreted it. The song has two parts which build up into the explosion of energy and both are fairly similar to each other. The second part of the song, it became so intense that my eyes started fluttering up and down, and I was seeing flashes of white light, so I was forced to open my eyes and gather myself for fear I would go into a convulsion.

I will never forget this experience. The way the song looked and felt is still extremely clear in my mind when I recall the memory. I often play the song while high to this day, though I don't let myself get too carried away, because the intensity of what happened wasn't in any way unpleasant, but probably too intense for me to handle. I have had similar experiences with a few other songs (mostly techno), though they haven't been as intense. I tried to draw a picture of what it looked like, but unfortunately it proved difficult to give it the proper detail without showing how it moved.