Drank the root at 11:48pm. Blah!

12.17am drank the mimosa. Dang if that is the grossest shizzle. Drys my mouth, and it's all chalky. Just looking at it, it looks appetizing like red wine or cranberry juice. Looks are deceiving. Me, my bf, and our friend are the only ones huascing, our friend decides Nausicaa is a good movie to put on. Well me and my bf hardly saw any of the begininning of it cause we were watching the spew fly! Just a few minutes after drinking that fowl mimosa my stomach was givin me hell.

I threw up at 12:33am. I couldn't stop my mouth watering. Images from the movie were starting to arrange themselves in jigsaw puzzles and then slowly reconnect to the actual image. I saw a lions face covering the entire tv screen, then it just kinda dawdled its way to the real image, of a character walking. I thought I'd try to drink another 5 grams slowly, and not chug it like I did before. I was worried I may have lost the trip. But luckily I didn't, I was fine, so I didn't drink anymore. I kept thinking I should be tougher but the vomiting I did not want more of.

As I lay on the couch I totally gave up trying to make any sense of this movie, I watched my cev's, and was quite startled. Besides being spectacularly bright, all the patterns were moving in a distinctly circular motion, and I have never seen this w/ anything else. It did seem very wholesome and earthy, like the circle of life or something, how everything is interconnected. I could open my eyes and still see the cev's, but it was a much thinner layer, almost transparent but everywhere. As for the mindtrip, it kinda scared me a bit, like when I first started trippin on mushrooms. Apparantly I still had some of the fear left in my psyche. Not like I'm not afraid of things, but I thought I was over being afraid of the trip, you know?

My thoughts split into about 6 layers, and were all going at once, but not chaotic at all. Each thought layer had it's own voice and personality, and I would switch in between them. They seemed to being having their own private conversations and I felt as though I was intruding, but then again it's my mind and I can't help but hear what they were saying. Sometimes I got a little confused and thought I was talking out loud.

One layer was panicky and I kept reverting to that one very quickly, as though I was being followed and kept checking the rear view mirror constantly to see if I'm still being pursued. Then I'd go back to the layer of good old sanity and experience and remember how many countless times I've tripped.  I remember that my bf's here, my friends are here, I'm not alone and I'm safe. One conversation is as follows: 'Why do I have to keep reminding myself I'm ok? What's wrong with reminding myself is that against the law? Why don't you shut up and think about something else you pussy faggot! Will ya'll stop calling yourself names and have fun?! Ok I will that's a good idea. I love you. I love you too!' These conversations with myself were endless it seemed. I couldn't shut them up. Then I started experimenting with controlling how I laughed in my head.

At 12:50am I had to throw up again. I got up and the head rush was pounding away. As I carefully walked up the stairs everything began to go black and my head was spinnin as well as poundin. I had to crawl the rest of the way up the stairs and I crawled into the bathroom and fainted. I knew I was going to pass out so I was prepared to lay on the floor. I wasn't out for very long, and once I had my bearings E immediately threw up, and this time it was much more chaotic and otherworldy now that I was trippin pretty hard. The laughing in my head wouldn't stop either.

It was painful, and when I was done I layed on the floor again. I was so hot and was having trouble trying to roll my sleeves up, and then I broke out in a cold sweat. I was facing the bathtub, but it looked like there was a door in there, and it kept opening and closing. I turned around and there was the real door. That kinda freaked me out.

Laying on the floor I had one of the most painful experiences of my life. Laying like a fetus, it felt as though my insides were shattering and slicing and exploding and burning all at once over and over. The pain started almost as a tickle, but in a few seconds turned into a crescendo of torture. While the laughter continued in my head, I was trying to scream over it in my mind, 'make it stop make it stop. please stop, please be over soon.' I felt weak at the fact I was begging. It didn't seem real. But finally, the pain died down. It left almost as quickly as it came. I got up and was kinda like wow that really happened huh. And actually I felt very satisfied. I felt like I had shed some vile poison that had been corroding me. Like I was born again.

I spent the rest of the trip feeling great, watching the movie and enjoying the visuals. Around 3am I could feel the trip dying down, and I actually felt the sharp dropoff and realized the trip was over. Like changing the channel when the movie is done. I probably wouldn't have fainted if I hadn't got up so fast, and combined with that powerful headrush, no wonder that happened. I was so happy that there wasn't any tension, not at all like any rc's. Once the nausea left, I felt pretty relaxed and chill, reflective. Also, the only thing I noticed about sound that was different was I kept hearing whispering, very faint, a womans voice.

This was such a great experience and a great first time, I look forward to more.