I have been importing and making my own absinthes and crude thujone extracts for about 9 months now. My first concoction was simple wormwood boiled in grain alcohol, and now I am steeping and distilling several old world recipes like the popular Suisse Le Bleue and early bohemian pernot. 
 
Recently I experimented with a the stepping of star anise, anise seed, fennel seed, hyssop, orange balm, liquorish root, and roman wormwood (in proportions of 4:4:2:2:2:1:8) in 2 liters of vodka and water.  I had allowed it to steep for several months then distilled it using a laboratory style glassware distillation set. 
  
The distillate was an opal color with an amber tint accompanied with little to no bouquet. It's taste was hardly bitter and was very reminiscent of liquorish schnapps or anisette. I had poured myself one cocktail the old fashioned way with three flaming sugar cubes, and then another. This was undisputedly the most intense thujone experience of my life. I found that I could control myself very well conversationally. At times I had wished that I had someone else to share the experience with me. I had several phone conversations throughout the evening as the two cocktails stayed with me for at least 4 hours. Towards the end of my second glass I noticed what felt like a pinnacle of the high although it was hardly pleasant. It was almost like I had a fire in my brain, almost like some internal sweating. It is difficult to describe because it almost defies explanation.
  
The high had waned and I quickly found my self adjourning to my bed. The next morning I woke up with what could only be described as the worst headache I have EVER had. I wasn't even an organic feeling headache. This genuinely felt as though I had imbibed some toxic poison and my body was working laboriously to purge it from my system. 
   
I remembered that my thoughts were still soaring at half past 2 in the morning and I knew it was no less than another half an hour before I finally went to sleep. I had woken up only 5 hours later, something anyone who knows me well would identify as very atypical. It wasn't the stimulation of the chemical that woke me up but the pain. I struggled throughout the morning to quell my angry head. I must have taken 8 aspirin in attempts to get ride of the headache.
    
My thoughts were completely shattered. I could not hold a single idea for more than a minute, not the usual morning hysteria that took place. It was as though I had been degraded to some quasi-subconscious level.
    
I was waking up several times throughout the morning. And every time accompanying the cracks of sunlight sneaking  down the window sills and onto the floor, was this incredible pain. I drank as much water as I could and ate a breakfast high in sugar and carbohydrates. I did so in the hopes that this situation would be remedied much like other hangovers I had had. But not this one. This hangover had a mischievous tenacity that overshadowed the basic lethargy of my average hangover.
    
I have suffered many a hallucinogen induced panic attack, I have endured many a harsh and frustrating night attempting fruitlessly to absorb information after having consumed several 6 ounce tanks of nitrous oxide, I could even mass together all the inundation from every night I spent staring at a darkened ceiling wiping white crusts from my nose and waiting for sleep, but nothing could prepare me for the detestable horror that I endured this morning.
    
If my chronicles of this event, coming from a mind still reeling from its sting, have suggested anything it is that thujone and all plant counterparts, like all other psychotropics, need the upmost respect. It is with all elements like these that we must find our boundries. This is a precautionary tail written in the hopes that you will be more respectful than I was and make it a point to make careful scrutiny of this drink as to avoid the indescribable pain I had to endure.