I've been in college for 2 and one-half semesters.  I've done Marijuana, LSD, LSA, Alcohol, DMT, Ritilin, Dramamine, Vicoden, Opium, Crack and a few others I cant remember.  I came back to school one evening and my hall-mate asked me if I wanted to smoke some Salvia, I said hell yea, I've done lots of research for every drug I've done so I have read up on it quite alot.  He packed what looked like one hit of 20x in my bowl, he gave me some instructions on how to hold it in as long as possible and (beforehand I had been drinking some vodka) I told him if I got dizzy or somthing it was just because of the vodka.  I had a cigarette behind my ear as I leaned up against the wall behind my dorm to steady myself cause I read of what salvia does so I wanted to try to be ready for anything.

I put the bowl to my lips and took a hit, my lungs weren't full and the lighter went out so I paused, lit the lighter again and finished off the rest of the large hit that was in the bowl.  I felt it go in but barely, so smooth it was like a cigarette.  I look at my friend and he says 'Good shit, huh?' or something to that effect and that's when I thought I felt it coming on, some sort of slight difference in everything, kinda like the coming on to period for acid.  Then the machines came.

From every and any direction they came.  I didn't know what they wanted to do before it was too late.  I tried to move but the whole world was totally flattened by the machines and it was getting hard to breath because I was only inches thick.  I heard only the noise of the machines for the while that this was going on, about a minute, seemed like seconds, then I could hear my friend coaching me on like I was in some sort of swim race, it kinda felt like I was swimming then.  As that started to happen my body started to rip itself from the flattened position it was in layer by layer, like a post-it book.  Finally I was pieced back together enough to realize that the trip was over and I was lying on the ground.  The ripping sensation still was felt through my body but it was wearing off.

Turns out that after my friend talked to me I fell to my knees (bruised now) and almost planted my face in the pavement but my friend said he caught me, lucky, and rolled around on the ground.

WOW, try it but sit down or something, do that and your fine.  I liked it.