I came into a cache of oxycontin 20's a while back, but I've been just holding them for awhile, waiting for a good time to try one.

I have limited experience with painkillers, mostly just taking them per doctor's prescription (no real abuse). Several times I have thrown up from them (for instance, I once threw up while sitting in the dentist's chair, and once at home after taking two hydrocodones for tooth pain). This either means I have a very low tolerance for them (very possible considering all the other substances I've puked in the past) or that I'm allergic to painkillers (which I'm not sure about).

Anyway, I gave one of the oxycontin 20's I had to a pharmacutecal-experienced friend for him to try. He crushed it and swallowed it and reported having a nice, warm and fuzzy time. So earlier this week, my boyfriend and I decided to try one, too. Around 12:30 a.m. we each swallowed a 20, uncrushed. I was a bit anxious that I might become sick from it, and wished there was some way to take a half a dose. It wasn't really possible to do this, as I wanted to avoid cutting or crushing it at all, at least for my first time.

It wasn't long before we both noticed the effects of the pill comming on. As we were both lying in bed, we could really stretch out and just relax. We didn't speak much to each other, but just kind of lazily rubbed each other's arms and shoulders. I begain feeling quite warm. After kicking off the sheets, taking off my shirt, turning up the fan, and opening the window I managed to find some short lived relief. But I found that the effects seemed to come in waves, and I was soon hot again. Other than this, the feeling was nice. Boyfriend said he felt like he was sinking into the bed. When I closed my eyes, I'd feel a bit spinny and dizzy for a few seconds, but it wasn't really bad. 

We drifted into sleep eventually. Actually I think I sort of made myself go to sleep, as the effects started to seem too much for me (sleeping is my main coping mechanism in life).

Around 5:00 in the morning I woke up, still feeling hot, and a bit irritable. I roused my boyfriend and asked him to get me some water. I didn't feel so well, but I couldn't really move, so when he put the bottle to my hand, I took the cap off and just lied there, holding the bottle and not drinking. Eventually the bottle tiped and the cool water that splashed onto my skin jarred me to attention. 'oh yeah...water...', I thought. So I took a swig, lied back down, and almost immediately felt nauseous. I threw up (damn it!) in two short bursts, felt better, and lied back down. But here's the bizarre part: as I was leaned over the trash can, I noticed a pill inside. It was white, round, and completely intact. 'Did I just puke this pill?' I wondered. I couldn't see it well enough to examine it at that time, nor did I feel like it, but I gingerly picked it up and set it aside to look at later. 

I went to sleep and didn't wake until 9:00 pm that night ( 18 hours - I told you I sleep a lot!). My boyfriend had no problems and woke early to go to work. He said he felt really good all day. 

When I finally looked at the pill I had set aside, I could still see the OC engraved on one side and the 20 on the other. It was still very whole and un-digested looking, which surprised me. As much as I felt from the pill, I would have expected it to have broken down, and really gotten in my system. The only difference is that it was white, whereas the unswallowed ones are pink (a coating, I suppose). Maybe it didn't break down due to its time-release properties; I'm not sure.

I felt good until I got sick. I didn't even feel that terribly sick, compared to other times I've been sick. The next day I felt dizzy, groggy, and generally out of it. All in all, it was a mixed experience.