OK for the good of humanity ;-) I decided to share my experience.  

Last Saturday I decided to try out a new batch of 2C-T-7.  I started with a gram of semi fine off-white powder and proceeded to weigh out a 500 mg pile due to my scale not being very accurate.  I then divided the pile into 2 piles with a razor blade and so on and so on.  I did this until I had 16 piles of ~31mg each.  I found that doing the dividing on a pad of graph paper helped a great deal in making the divisions in half.  

I had experienced 2C-T-7 twice before, once at a 30mg dose and once at 15 mg and was looking for a more intense experience.  My problem is that this 2C-T-7 was from a different source that I had heard was much more potent.  After reading various trip reports I decided to be safe (maybe?) and ingest one of the 30mg piles after I put it in a gelcap.  I also brought along another gelcap in case a close friend wanted to join me.

7:00 Down the hatch.

8:00 Things look clearer and feel pretty good.  Drive (as a passenger) to  South Beach with my wife and another couple who all plan to do MDMA tonight.  Very slight nausea.

9:00 Not much difference from 8:00.  Able to eat and have some wine.  Still have an appetite.  I had not eaten anything since breakfast.  Everyone else takes E.

9:30 Nice euphoric feelings like the rolling fools I am with but none of the empathy.  Starting to get more noticeable visuals if I pay attention.  Have to look for the visuals.  Have they been happening all the time?  Maybe?  What a smooth come up.

10:00 Visit a very cool bar called Lola's that has the perfect atmosphere.  Nice trance, low lights and these barstools/beds that are literally the size of queen size beds but at the height of bar stools that you can lie down on them and talk. No one comes around to bother you.  If you want anything you just go to the bar. Cool visuals but only if I pay attention to them.  Really wish I had done 60 mg.  Think there would have been no problem handling it.  Decide I need something else for the night.  Decide to add a very good hit of E (ez tested) probably around 100-120mg of MDMA.

10:20 Holy shit is that good E. Never been hit that fast in my life.  The two drugs go together very well.  So well in fact I decide to snort some of the other capsule that I brought.  

10:30 Go to the restroom and break open the gelcap and pour out about a quarter of the 30mg on my fingernail and attempt to snort it.  I have never really put anything in my nose and wasn't sure what to expect.  Oops.  Don't sniff hard enough and drop about half of the 7 mg on the floor.  Try again.  I'm getting better at this shit.  Burns a bit but more numbing and not too bad.

10:31 Whoa!! Now that's what I'm looking for!  Streaks of colors fill my field of vision. Things move a lot, but no mind fuck at all to go along with it, just great visuals.  Able to get back to the bed/table and talk with the rest of the E-tards for a hour or so.

11:00-2:00 The visuals gradually die down or I just get used to them as we go to the Crobar for some dancing.  Dancing is great and the music is pretty good but not one of those 'time of your life' experiences.  

3:00 Get home and sit in the hot tub with friends with Oakenfold on the stereo.  What a great sensation.  Still getting euphoric waves.  Can't wait for friends to leave so can have some fun with wife.

4:00 Sex is awesome.  Different but on par with 5-MeO-DiPT.  Take 5mg Xanax and pray for sleep.

Finally fell asleep at some point and slept fitfully until noon.  Felt mellow and a little worn down for the next day.

Summary.  Wish I had started with 60mg.  Wonder if I am a hard head with this drug or it had lost some potency by not being refrigerated?  Next time though!!  All in all a great experience.  Nice, in control sort of drug for me.  7 thumbs up!