A typical Friday night where my boyfriend and myself were trying to plan an evening in the city for some out of control fun. Nothing seemed to be turning out right until we decided to stay home. After doing a few lines of cocaine and downing some morphine, we decided to take some shrooms. Together we took about an eighth of shrooms which, for myself, was not very much. 
    
As the shrooms started to kick in we decided it would be fun to pop in an adult video. Of course, not long after, we started to have intense sex that was awesome. During our erotic play, I could feel myself being pulled and tugged at. (Sometimes shrooms has that effect, but this was totally different). I remember feeling really uneasy and my vision was blurry. I could feel presence all around me and it sounded like a large crowd of 'people' were asking me questions. I couldn't exactly hear what they were saying but it felt like they were asking my where my boyfriend was and was I sure I was ready to see. Being scared I came back and my boyfriend and I were still going at it. 
    
Not long after I let myself go back to this place where I could feel my boyfriend's presence and was looking for him. They were telling me that he was around and to keep looking for him. When we did finally found each other's presence, (we couldn't see), there was a huge ball of light that was bigger than my field of 'vision' and could communicate with my boyfriend. We were either in this light or we were the light. there was a huge ball of light that was bigger than my field of 'vision' and could communicate with my boyfriend. We were either in this light or we were the light. Then I could see myself and my boyfriend having sex and shooting through the night sky with stars all around us and then could see the stars all around from an up close perspective.
     
Soon we came to a place where my boyfriend and I could speak without opening our mouths. At this place, it was just the two of us, and then we went into this room where there were these shadow figures, (entities?), and we both had the feeling they were happy and were expecting us to be there. Pretty soon I could see my boyfriend in the bedroom but the room got incredibly loud like there were millions of people trying to tell us and show us things. It became so intense, my boyfriend and I came back to our bodies at the same time. But this time when we came back, we were both lying on our backs on the bed naked (obviously). I sat up really quick and my boyfriend said it's okay baby. 
     
We started to have sex again almost immediately and went back to the same place like before and were being told more things. It seemed like they were urgent and then frustrated that we weren't understanding everything they were trying to communicate with us. 
     
I came back to my body and my boyfriend and I had an amazing orgasm at the same time. After the sex we were lying together and just holding each other and talking about the experience we just had. We had the same stories except for the end because my boyfriend said he was there with them longer and they were telling him to stay with them. 
     
While lying in bed, reflecting, I could feel my boyfriend's temperature rising rapidly, and said babe your body heat is going crazy. He could feel it too and then as I would think about raising his temp, it would happen and he would just say get outta my body!! 
     
I have done shrooms too many times to count and know the feelings of them... I could feel the shrooms and the experience as different.