Well, saturday we arrived at the rave at 12:30 am ..dropped ...by 2:00 am we were dancing on a roll it was wonderful the bass pounding through' our bodies was just soooo pleasurable. the people were so cool and the the lights on the dance floor were amazing the d.j.'s just knew what to do to make us rush to the sound....all in all it was a experience we will do again...at 36 and 43 years old we have found a new way of expression (we are both artists) and it feels great...the 'younger' crowd seemed to sense our awkwardness about the age thing and welcomed us. We both left the rave feeling a renewed hope for the world, the next generation does feel what we felt when we were young having both grown up in the aftermath of the 60's. We will rave again....we even glow sticked!

well, that's just my first social E experience. I suffer from a form of social anxiety disorder 'fear of crowds' and there was a BIG crowd of 15,000 at the rave we went to. I was on paxil and prozac for many years for it. I have been off the paxil and prozac for 4 years and discovered E the past few months. All the work I have done with the fear up to discontinuing the med's was a big break through, the fear wasn't so overwhelming. But the E has taken it further with rolling in a crowd for me. Now I don't get so nervous when I think about going out. 

Just the few months I have been doing E has been the most beneficial for me and my partner. We have been using it to as what we call therap-E. Our creative blocks are almost gone. We just have a wonderful time while we are rolling, he's a musician so, music has taken a whole new meaning we both were creatively depressed with the whole 'rock' music scene these days, I mean we grew up with some of the best (pink floyd, Led Zep, Jimi hendrix etc..and LSD) and they were our influences. The current 'rock' music you just get yelled at with 3 chords going in the background. The trance/techno/jungle music we have been turned on to from friends for rolling has just been so beneficial to us, we feel like a door has been opened to a whole new world of creative possibilities. I am a web/graphic
designer and the visualization i get from the E has opened up a whole dimension to my artwork and I seem to express the ideas more quickly. 
We are both very happy for what E has done to change our lifes. Our relationship is stronger then ever, we are much more appreciative for what we have. E made us stop and think about how cool our lives really are. 

I think if I do E at a few more raves my fear of crowds will be gone.