I began planning on taking mdma at a very big rave the beginning of september. All my friends were planning on taking alpha-methyltryptamine. I took mdma for a while so my max dose was roughly 4 pills. I was dissatisfied with that so i abstained from using any drug use for about 4 months prior to the rave, The whole time pre-loading and taking b6, 5-htp, vitamin c... etc. The day of the rave came and i bought 5 pills of pure mdma from a trusted friend... thinking i would roll harder then i have in my life. once inside the rave (about 7:00 pm) my friends took their amt. around 8:45 i found someone with acid and bought and consumed 4 hits of liquid.

45 minutes later i felt a little more energy and set out to find my friends. about 5 minutes later i decided to take my E. I took 2 at once biting both of them. They were so fricken bitter, i knew they would be good. it was about 10 when i felt the effects of the mdma, the acid was also quite strong, i was was seeing very prominent visuals, and, felt extremely well and empathetic. i started to lose all sense of reality and started walking around totaly lost not even knowing i was lost. all of a sudden i found myself with my friends who happen to have K. I felt really well and thought 'what the hell... might as well.' i insufflated about 50mgs and went on my way feeling very unattached with the world... at that point i had no sense of what was real, or what was in my mind. open eye visuals were very intense, and when i closed my eyes to escape... i would find myself in another world full of colors and balls of light. it felt as though my eyes were closed for hours and upon opening them... i realized it had been only seconds. i spent another hour dancing and floating... then finding myself eating another pill. somehow i bought an 8th of shrooms from some guy out of nowhere and i ate them all... the time being probably around midnight. after 25-30 minutes after ingesting the shrooms... i felt strange (well a different strange) i could feel every drug i had consumed that night flowing through my body, flowing through my veins and start dripping out my pores... this led to the beginning of a bad trip. around 1 i started vomiting. i kept telling myself 'im dying... i took too many drugs. what have i done!' but i love my friends... while i was throwing up... one of them started cheering me on and saying i could do better... it made me feel better and i started thinking to myself...'i can throw up better! im the best!' it turned my bad trip into a good trip. i decided i need happy music, so i went to the happy hardcore area and started dancing. our little chill spot was right in front of the hardcore area though and when i was tired from dancing i would lay down in our group. the hardcore music started sounding really evil and i started tripping out again... i thought my ribs were ripping through my chest, and it seemed like my friends were crowding me so i kept pushing them away. i had to keep leaving to the happykore area to start feeling calmer. around 3:30 i started coming back to reality still seeing visuals... but the feeling of the mdma had worn off, or maybe it didnt and the shrooms (or acid?) had just overpowered it. i still had tons of energy and it was getting close to 5. everyone in my group had decided we should leave at 6 before all the thousands of people at the rave leave. i had made it out alive and by 8 i was practically back to base-line. on the way home i took a paxil which helps with depression from the mdma. i ended up throwing up really bad. i felt nauseous practically the whole time in the car. all my friends wanted something to eat so we stopped by a jack-in-the-box. i decided i was so hungry that i would just eat, get a bag, and throw up. after i ate a grip of food... my friend revealed to me he still had K. i asked if i could have it and he said yes. it was probably around 11am. so i took another bump(40mgs) and my nausea actually went away. i felt great the rest of the day. a little sleepy around 3pm... and i fell asleep, not to awaken until noon the next day, feeling fine, no hangover, or E-tard feeling.    i wouldnt recomend doing all those substances at once like that... i dont know what would have prevented the vomiting cuz i dont know what made me throw up, i think it was the shrooms but i dont know. anyways i survived and thats whats important.