The first time I tried tramadol I took 4 and it was an exact copy of a hydrocodone high, maybe even better. Snorting 1 or 2 ultrams can also be fun but not that much fun because it seems to lower my threshold of pain specifically in my nose, so when I snort a big line, I'll feel it and it'll sting and I'll get high, but as soon as I try and snort a 2nd line, it's over. The pain is unbearable. 

I've been getting them from my friend's mother because she has neuro-pain from fibromyalgia. Sometimes I'll ask for a couple, other times, when she isn't home, I'll snag at least 5, not really making much of a difference because she gets like 200 at a time, or so it seems. Recently, I took 7 from her and popped them all, right before heading out the door to endure an hour and a half long bus ride. They started kicking in relatively quickly. About 15 minutes. 

I noticed it in my head before I noticed it on my body. My head started to float in the clouds and vision became slightly impaired/fuzzy. I was slightly stimulated so as to be able to socialize more effectively just like with a mixture of hydrocodone and ritalin. I found myself needing to walk faster to get to destinations because I didn't want to waste my high just walking, even though it's exceptionally peaceful. No pain whatsoever. I had a migraine when I took them and no other medication has effectively dissipated a migraine like tramadol has. Feet don't hurt, leg muscles don't even feel like I'm using them. 

Anyways: I get to the bus stop, T+25 minutes. I see two people sitting there and I start talking to them and ended up telling them everything about my day and my day before. I was a social butterfly. I was smiling and nodding at every single passerby. Wishing even the most repulsive people a good day. I'm generally a quiet person sober, but then, when I got on the bus at T+35 minutes, I talked to everybody on the bus with the exception of maybe 3 people, which equaled out to be about 10 people. I made 2 new friends and impressed everyone I knew with my social stimulation. I was in the best of moods and I didn't want it to stop. There was no reason to be depressed at all even considering my depressing life. I was talking to somebody and someone else yelled my name and I turned around and smacked my head on a metal bar on the bus, and I just giggled and continued, I didn't even feel it. It literally felt like I almost hit my head but not quite. 

I get to my destination at T+1:40. The place is a mess and I immediately start cleaning. Not out of frustration, but out of the craving to not just stop moving and sit down and stare at the tv, I had the craving to be productive. I cleaned the entire house, applied extraordinary organizational skills, and even cooked dinner for everybody. At T+5:00, I was still numb as shit, talking in an exaggerated positive portrayal, and sipping a beer, not really feeling like drinking, even though I drink at least 4 beers every night. The food still tasted great despite my stimulation and the only annoying side effect was my vision. I couldn't see well, when things popped up on the tv I had to squint to read them and by the time I was focused enough to read it, it disappeared, and when I walked around the house I was experiencing double vision, but not in severities. 

Overall, if I had access to these pills and they were any amount cheaper than vicoden, I would gladly substitute. In ways it's better than vicoden, in other ways it's exactly the same. It's great stuff and really doesn't feel like it's very damaging at all, not liver pains or stomach pains or hangovers or mood swings or anything, it's like an opiate addiction without the withdrawals. I personally feel I killed my opiate addiction with ibogaine.