On or about May in the year 2000, I decided to take a trip to the northwoods of Michigan with some of my friends from my DJ collective.  As a requirement for our 'trip', we decided to ingest as much LSD and DXM as possible and relate to each other our individual experiences at a later date.  Now, when we had arrived at our destination, we (there was four of us) were to take our share of the drugs and disappear until we had come down fully.  Our reasoning behind this was that if we came back still in the 'World', our ability for objective examination of our experiences would be severely limited.

This meant that the four of us would be wandering around in the woods in a severe state of disasscotiative hallucinations.  At a later date we agreed that this was extremely daring and not to mention dumb.  However, we had thought to bring along backpacks, compasses, maps, food & water, so at the time we figured we would be safe.

After dosing and wandering off from our meeting point, I became highly aware of the wind blowing through the pine trees and the creaking of tree trunks.  At this point, it was just the LSD taking effect, so I had no worries.  (I am no stranger to powerful psychedelics)  We had started our trip early in the day, so I set about exploring my surrounding and familiarizing myself with them.  (unfamiliar surroundings can be VERY unpleasant at high doses of LSD and DXM) At about 10AM the DXM had begun taking hold, and I found it very hard to keep my arms down at my sides.  They kept lifting up maybe a foot or two from my sides, and wouldn't swing normally as I walked.  (I probably looked like Brandon Lee in that 'The Crow' poster)  I found myself looking at everything as a potential plaything, and from time to time scale a tree as far as I could, (I don't remember how I got back down), throw a few rocks, try to pet a squirrel, etc...  I eventually found a really neat looking stick on the ground, examined it, and deposited it in my belt like a sword or something.

Now about noon, I had wandered approx. three or four miles, and happened upon a dirt two-track that had been in a state of disuse for some time.  Following it for about 10 minutes, I found a hunting cabin, with, to my delight, a broken down VW microbus.  And two of my friends were already inside the cabin.  I could hear them fencing with what sounded like frying pans.

I decided to ignore them and climbed aboard the VW.  It was a rusted out hulk, totally gutted from the elements, and had a sapling growing in the center of it.  I believed I had found some sort of Zen hippy garden, and set about decorating it with bits of junk laying around the cabin.  At this juncture, my last friend-at-large wandered in, (he said he heard the frying pan war), and he decided that we still hadn't taken enough LSD.  Gathered together around my strange junk-zen-hippy-VW-garden, we took the rest of the vial of LSD and waited.  

From about 1PM till 3AM we had totally lost ourselves in the trip, and had turned our cabin into a delightful maze of branches, plywood, an old refigerator, drum from an dryer, and about a hundred glowsticks.  Many discussions were had of life, love, and the trueness of 'Twelve Monkeys', the spectacle of our creation, and how we were going to release ourselves from the bonds of our non-experiencing selves.  

To all of our displeasure, a group of teenagers from town arrived at about 3:30AM (this spot was probably their pot-smoking area) while we were off trying to talk to deer.  When we came back, the kids had destroyed my VW-garden, confiscated our lightsticks and broken them, and were carrying slingshots and pellet rifles.

Being armed with no more than a few Zippos and my voodoo stick, we decided to retire for the night. Unfortunately, even though we had all been able to fall asleep on LSD before, in combination with the DXM, we were extremely aware and in a state of some agitation.  Thus, we sat in our car until about noon the next day, when the local sheriff noticed our vacant stares and hollowed facial expressions and shooed us out of town.

As for the LSD, the experience was as expected, but the DXM (in the form of coricidin C+C) had twirled all of us into a weird state of existance flip-flopping between hysteria and psychosis.  All of us agreed that the C+C tablets were not that bad, with only mild nausea and itching.  After we had finally gotten a full days sleep, we all definitely wanted to achieve that state of being again, but have never been able to, even at higher doses of DXM and LSD.  Coricidin has ceased to be as effective as it once was.  A question stemming from that aspect- does DXM build up in the body, and if so, when will it reach toxic levels?  I hope someone can answer this, as I value DXM as one of our tools for expression musically and intellectually.