After having informed myself extensively about DXM I finally decided to try it. I don't personally know any other users, and none of my friends were willing to try it. Therefore I was slightly nervous and anxious, but also excited. 

I used to frequently drink alcohol, but for the last few months I have solely smoked marijuana, for certain periods on a daily basis. DXM has made me reconsider my marijuana use in general, and especially the frequency. But to the trip. 

It was a Saturday evening, and all day I had been playing a computer game, the first time in ages, it was really enjoyable. So in the evening I decided to try out DXM. The Robitussin Honey Cough Syrup had been in my weed stash for weeks already, that night I felt ready for the experience. Since it was my first experience I intended to go on a 1st Plateau level, possibly light 2nd Plateau. I did not plan to smoke that night, but well, things just developed. 

So at 7 o'clock (I kept a trip logbook, at least while I was in a physical state permitting me to type) I downed half the bottle, 10mg per 5ml. My room was only illuminated by a black light and some plasma lights. At the beginning the computer screen was on too (got annoying later on). The music of my choice for this night was to be techno, long hard-trance mixes. After about an hour I started noticing effects, when I tried to walk I had slight problems, I felt drunk, yet not really drunk. The music was very intense, I turned on my strobe light, it got even better. The more time passed the more it became like a combination of smoking and drinking, yet without the depressing effects. My mind felt so free and lifted, not at all blurred, I could think clearly. Another notable and pleasant effect was a slight euphoria. Very pleasant. In fact, the only unpleasant effect during the entire night was a very slight feeling of nausea during the first half hour after having drunk the bottle. I might add that I did not eat much that day, a few chips, basically I had not eaten all day. 

At some point I just felt like dancing to the music (probably just 5 minutes, but it felt much longer), it was quite enjoyable, yet not as intense as I had imagined DXM to be. So I decided to up my dose. At 9 o'clock I drank the rest of the bottle, which should equal 6.3 mg per KG of my bodyweight. After a while the experience reached an entirely new level. I could not walk straight anymore and a great feeling of euphoria overcame me. I changed rooms now and then, turned on the TV, did not understand anything, started dancing alone in a dark room again, just felt really good. The experience was so pleasant and good that I decided to smoke some of my good AK-47 (great weed). At about 10:15 I hit a bowl.

Now everything changed. All of a sudden I was sitting in front of my computer, yet I knew not where I had come from and what I was doing, what I was going to do or anything at all. I just felt great and started hallucinating when I closed my eyes. I have no idea how this happened, but I visualized myself as Jesus flying over something. I can't remember what though. I had lots of other crazy hallucinations, but I do not remember specific details. I do remember lying down though and just feeling the music. Not only the music, but also the room. I could not feel my body anymore, but I was a part of the room, or moreover the room itself. Furthermore I started hallucinating I was in the computer game I had played earlier. It was quite interesting to read about just this phenomenon on the internet the next day. Before my trip I had primarily informed myself about general effects, dosage and health risks. 

For about 2 1/2 hours I have no consecutive or coherent memory, but I remember lying on the floor and the sofa, just tripping, hallucinating and feeling great. After that I was in reality again, but coming down was not unpleasant at all, even if it seemed more or less abrupt. Soon after coming down I went to bed, it should have been at about 1:30. 

The next day I smoked, and DXM kicked in again, yet not even nearly as strongly as the night before, still I had the best fucking high ever from just smoking. It lasted about 5 hours, unbelievable since I am usually not high for more than 2 hours anymore. Nevertheless I intend to smoke less after this experience. Weed does not seem worth it anymore. It just seems like a cheap and short buzz compared to the intensity and depth of DXM. Yet I am not going to take DXM again for a few weeks, I can definitely see the potential of a psychological addiction, it just felt too good. 

Well, in conclusion I guess I have to say: WOW. More than I could ever have imagined. In addition to a great experience it also helped me deal with some personal problems which I am not going to elaborate on. To say the least, certain hallucinations dealt with personal problems, but never making the trip unpleasant, only bringing my attention to certain matters the next day. Smoking the next day was a good idea as far as my judgement goes, during this second much lighter trip I reflected upon the experiences (or at least what I could remember) made the night before. I personally had a great first experience and am glad I react so well to DXM. By the way, Honey cough really doesn't taste that bad, drinking it was no problem at all, and the only nonalcoholic beverage I usually drink is water.