I had a Near Death Experience after taking angel trumpets. I got a whole bunch of the flowers, stem and leaves and boiled them in a pot of water. I drank one and a half cups of the juice. We boiled the plants for about 20 mins, so as you can imagine, the juice was heavily concentrated with all the poisons from the flowers. <!--I later learned that angel trumpets are laced with strychnine poison, regarded the 3rd most deadliest poison in the world. Every part of the angel trumpet flower is equal in poison concentration.--> I heavily halucinated for 3 days. I saw and experienced some very terrifying things. I nearly lost my mind. There was enough poison in my body to kill me.

As with a lot of other NDE'S, I saw a tunnel. I should be dead. My father (a strong Christian and ex-pastor) felt a sense from God to pray about a half an hour before I took the datura. He said that he felt that God was showing him that a spirit of death was targeting one of his children. He stopped his car by the side of the road and prayed for about half an hour against it. He was totally unaware that I was just about to take a big enough dose of poison to kill me. 

When I slipped out of conciousness, I saw my life flash before me and all my friends and relatives waving good-bye, crying and grieving. I was moving down a corridor seeing all this. There was a force that was dragging me down this corridor, which was obviously the force of death. I resisted and tryed to stop myself and turn around. I tried with everything in me to stop this force from dragging me. I soon realised that there was nothing I could do to stop and resistance was now pointless. As I moved further down this corridor, I got to a point where I could no longer feel anything and could no longer physically resist. I was like free floating in space. I started to now move a lot faster. I couldn't feel the movement, I only knew that I was moving faster because I could see movement by my surroundings like I would if I were travelling on a train. 

It was at this point that I came to the grim realisation that I was dead (as there was nothing I could do physically to resist this dragging force). I instantly turned from a feeling of terror to a strange sense of peace. As I moved towards the end of this corridor, I approched a T-Junction. To the left, it was very dark (totally black). I could sense a very horrible, terrifying feeling that was eminating from the left of this T-Junction. I became aware that this path obviously led to hell as the oppression that came over me was pure evil. To the right of the T-Junction there was light eminating obviously from a very powerful source. I couldn't see the core of this light source as at this stage I had not yet reached the T-Junction. I must have been approximately 30 metres from this T-Junction at this particular point in time and I now realised that the T-Junction in front of me was a tunnel. There was such a strong contrast between the right side and left side of this T-Junction. The senses and feelings that I felt from this right side of the T-Junction were the exact opposite to the left, yet the force that was eminating from the right side was overwhelming everything that was eminating from the left side of the tunnel. Where I could feel a strong sense of terrifying fear, hopelessness, sorrow and despair from looking at the left, I then looked to the right side of the T-Junction and would feel complete peace and joy (euphoria). All the feelings I felt from looking to the left instantly diminished into nothing when I looked to the right side of this tunnel. The right side of the tunnel was overwhelming and suppressing the left. It was so much more powerfull. 

I then heard the sound of approaching wind. The sound was coming from the right side of this T-Junction where the light was eminating from. It was approaching with great speed and awesome power and force and with every second the sound became louder and louder. I then saw this great wind force approach me as it moved around the right corner side of the T-Junction. As it approached, I was not afraid. I was completely awe struck by this incredible force.

When this wind force hit me, words can only barely describe the feelings that I felt. I was overwhelmed with complete peace, comfort and security unlike anything I had ever experienced. I was also in a state of euphoric joy. I had never felt love as strong as this. The feeling of the love that God had for me was so powerful, it was way beyond my rational comprehension. This wind had not just hit me, it totally consumed every part of my being. This wind force was the only thing in the universe that was able to stop me from the dragging force of death. The wind sent me flying back and as I was taken back, I returned to consciousness. As I woke up my body was cold I was shaking and screaming.

I had only learned after this experience that my father was prompted by God to pray for my protection. I realised that this powerfull wind force was a result of the prayer that he prayed for his family. 

<!--I urge everyone who reads my story, to accept Jesus Christ as your personal Lord and Saviour. To be saved, it is as simple as confessing a prayer to God. God created every single human being for His glory and He certainly does not want any of us to go to this aweful place known as hell. He loves us with a love so powerfull, that we cannot even comprehend. He has already demonstrated this love by sending his only Son Jesus Christ to die a horrific death by crucifixion. Jesus was beaten 39 times with a wip known as the 'cat of nine tails'. He was beaten beyond recognition. If you watch the film 'The Passion', you will see a grahic depiction of what Jesus sufferred for us. Everything Jesus Christ endured in His death was for all of mankind. He became the sacrifice for all of mankind so that all who accept him and believe in Him, will not die but will live in heaven for all of eternity. Jesus died and on the third day God raised Him from the dead. In His ressurection, we have complete victory over satan. Satan's hold and dominion over man is broken, the very moment man receive's Jesus Christ as his/her Lord and Saviour and our sins are forgiven by the grace and mercy of almighty God. God's righteousness and eternal salvation is a free gift. There is nothing we could ever do to deserve it. God has given us this gift because He loves us immensly and He wants man to be reconciled back to Him, back to the very way he initially intended it to be. Salvation is God's rescue plan for all mankind. Receive it now!

If you would like to invite Jesus Christ into your life, please pray this prayer with me now:

'Father God, I come before you now to personally receive everything that The Lord Jesus Christ did for me. I believe, accept and confess that when Jesus Christ died, he became a sacrifice for my sins and paid my penalty in full. I believe, accept and confess that you Father God, raised Jesus from the dead and that in His ressurection, the dominion that satan had over me and all of mankind was broken for all who receive Jesus Christ into their life by making him Lord and Saviour. 
I now confess and declare Jesus Christ as my Lord and Saviour and ask Him to come into my life. I confess all my sins before you Father God, as you are faithfull and just to forgive me and cleanse me from all unrighteousness. I ask for the cleansing blood of Jesus that was shed for me to wash right through my entire being and make me whole. I determine in my heart right now to follow you and abide in you for all the days of my life. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.'

If you have made this prayer, I urge you to go to a local church to learn more about living your life for Jesus.

If you want to hear other people's testimonies, hire a new release dvd called 'The Lazarus Phenomenon' or simply do a Google search on Ian MacCormack, who was stung by a box jelly fish and died and came back to life. He is very well known across the world and amazes many people with his testimony. Another testimony is from Daniel Edechukwu. -->