this was my first experience with 2-ct-2.  I took about 23 mg,and its the best trip i've ever experienced.my friend billy and i went out the other night @ about six, and i popped it @ about 6:45pm. We then headed over to our friends house where we smoked a few bowls, it took about an hour to kick in and about 45 min after that i started peaking. i got a very warm fuzzy feeling and the visuals were incredible!  my friends pants and faces were very liquidy and everything was very warm. Not an uncomfortable felling but a feeling of satisfaction, everything was just right.  later around 9 we went outside and started talking about politics and the united states and its stance on drugs and terrorism, we did this for a 1/2 hour then it was home i got to go. i was the only one tripping so my friends were ok to drive. so i got home around 9:45, went straight to my room, turned on some pink floyd and just looked at shit in my room. it was very, very intense. pictures were going from big to small and vice versa.  the objects and people in the pictures were moving as well, and the only thing i can think to compare it to is the wizard pictures in 'Harry Potter' every object in the drawings and photos were three dimensonal and were sporatically leaving their pages, flying around and going back to their original spots, i was also seeing music and hearing objects. the objects werent actually moving though, but i heard them moving and pulsating.i also heard things not through my ears going into my head but from my head out through my ears. it sounded as though the cd player were in my head and my ears were the speakers. the mental feeling was one of complete and total bliss, everything seemed right in the world. the peak lasted about 8 hours. i've tried many different hallucinogens including Foxy and LSD, and this is by far the best and hardest trip i have ever been on.it's a hallucinogen, tha if given the opportunity i would try again. the only thing i would say about this drug is Know your mind, your body,and how much you can handle.