I've been using drugs for about 5 years now and have tried just about everything. I'm what you may call a 'stoner', as a smoke cannabis regularly. I do other substances occasionally as well.
  
Earler this year a friend of mine offered me some heroin, and of course, I decided to try some with him. We were using 'tar' cut with nytol and snorting it. I liked it so much I started to use it often. I quickly found myself doing it every day and spending to much money on it. Waking up without it was hell so I knew I was becoming addicted. I didn't want this addiction, yet couldn't quit do to the withdrawl.

Well, as it turns out I met a cancer patient that was taking methadone, as well as other opiates. We were smoking pot together when he offered me 2 10mg methadone pills. I took the pills later on that day to see how they compared to the real thing. After about an hour or so they began to take effect. The effects I found to be very simular to heroin to some extent. You see, the heroin I had been doing was from the street meaning it wasn't 'clean', methadone is made in a lab and has no dealer 'cut' to it making it much more pure. 

I loved the feel of the methadone running through me. It was a more intense high and lasted about 8 hours (until I finally feel asleep). I awoke the next day groggy, but not to dope sick. As usuall, I went and re-upped on the brown. I mixed it up and did a few lines when, I noticed it wasn't affecting me as good as normal, but I wasn't getting sick either. I couldn't achieve the high I got from the methadone so, I called my friend and asked if I could have some more. It just so worked out that he lost his weed connection and I knew where to get some, so we began to trade 4 10mg methadone in exchange for 5g of weed ($10 worth).

To make a long story short, this went on evey day for weeks until I finaly quit opiates for good. The good thing about methadone was that it took away the heroin addiction by taking away the heroin high. To get high I had to have methadone, meaning the heroin wasn't needed anymore. Without methadone, I don't know how I could have kicked the habit.