This is a cumulative report of my experiences with both Blue Lotus (or Blue Water Lily-Nymphaea caerulea) and Nelumbo nucifera.  While researching the possibilities of legal drugs I came across Blue Lotus and was interested enough by the feedback I found that I ordered a half ounce from an online vendor.  I smoked the majority of the ounce with friends in joints or using my bowl.  I also made tea 2 or 3 times with varying results.

Overall the effects were very mild, subtle to the extent that if I were already messed up on MJ or anything else it was hard to tell if it was effecting me or not.  By itself the lotus produced strong feelings of happiness and relaxation and a general opium-like buzz.  For me the effects of the drug were best felt sitting down and relaxing with a few friends.  I also began smoking a 50/50 MJ/Blue Lotus mixture to stretch out my stash and found this combination pleasant if, again, mild.  If I smoked too much weed it would overpower the effects of the lotus, but I found just a couple bowls of the mixture produced a very relaxed high that affected my body more and left my mind somewhat more foggy than usual but content.  A friend compared lotus to opium as caffeine is to cocaine-a much much more mild version producing many of the same effects.  Smoking large amounts of lotus did not appear to produce effects much more intense than just a few bowls.  I noticed that the onset of relaxed happy feelings was no more than 2 to 5 minutes after smoking but lasted not much longer than 45 minutes to an hour.

My experiences with Nymphaea caerulea tea were limited but interesting.  I found that a tea of anywhere from 2-5 grams per person resulted in a quick onset and a period of 5-10 minutes which I can best explain as being similar to the onset of tipsiness when consuming alcohol, especially when chugging the cooled tea.  Everything seemed funnier, I couldn't stop smiling, and moving around and talking to friends was confusing but mildly euphoric.  The tea was very different from the smoked plant and frankly I enjoyed it better.  I'll probably use the tea more often in the future.  

The Nelumbo nucifera lotus I discovered when our Nymphaea supplies ran out and a friend and I decided to see if any local Asian grocery stores might carry the dried herb...worth a try right?  Anyway we missed the Nymphaea but came across a huge pack of 400g of dried Nelumbo nucifera leaves for $2.00, we figured this was at least worth trying.  Smoking the plant matter had a somewhat stronger opioid like effect that lasted for no more than 5 minutes.  I would characterize it as a more detached, relaxing and stronger off-baseline feeling than the Nymphaea but without the mild euphoria.  

In retrospect, while these drugs are nothing spectacular I enjoyed using and exploring both and look forward the possibilities of Nymphaea caerulea/Salvia divinorum mixtures and using the fresh flowers of both plants.