I had just woken up at around five o'clock in the evening, after feeling rather sick all day (not all over-indulgence is good).  I walk out into my living room to see what people are doing.  My boyfriend, roommate, and some of our mutual friends were there, and they all seemed VERY happy.  I say something original like 'Wassup' and my room mate comes up to me an told me to open my mouth.  I do automatically, and he squirts something from a little bootle in  there.  I choke because I don't trust him to put anything in my mout, but swallow most of it.  It turns out that it is acid.  They also have an ounce of shrooms.  I sit and we chill.  Three out of the six people in the room have never done it before.  No one knows how much they took, because my roommate didn't bother to measure it for any of them, or warn the rookies what to expect.

It starts to hit me, so I go into my room.  I am chilling, having a great conversation with my closet, when a friend comes in my room and asks for help--people are being 'wierd' and two have dissappeared, including one of the rookies.  We figure their together until my mother comes to visit with the stark naked rookie en tow.  He had been chasing brake lights on a very busy road.  He started screaming about the burning.  We call his girlfriend for back up.  Meanwhile, everybody else goes nuts.  

I find a chick in my back yard trying to shove a soda bottle up her cootch while my boyfriend watches.  We take them inside and he trys to jump out the plate glass window, over and over.  He thinks he's God--literally.  He starts throwing things and hitting at us-- we have to lock him out side.  By this time he's in his boxers and soaling wet, but sits on the back porch in freezing weather for an hour, refusing to put his clothes on.  

It turns out that my roomate who had dissappeared had taken the vial and the shrooms and given them away to the first person he met.  He didn't come home for three days, because he thought he'd killed us all with bunk acid.

It wasn't bunk.  That was the problem, it was great.  But people were dumb with it, and had horrible experiences because of that.