The whole night I had kind of an anxiety. I talked to my friend about it and he suggested that I try SD. His description to me was that it was a mild halucenigenic. Wrong! My belief leading up to that point was that when you halucenate everything becomes wavy and melting and you begin to think in ways you cannot otherwise. Wrong! I now know that it is different for everyone and it cannot be explained in words but only experienced first hand. 

I gathered my friends together to witness my little trip. No one truely knew what to expect. It was roughly midnight and I have cleaned the bowl and bong that I was going to smoke from. I did not want to have any other substances to go with the SD. I always like to enjoy everything on its own when experiencing for the first time.

This was the first time I have inhaled any type of smoke on purpose for years. I do not like the feeling and I have other reasons why I don't smoke. This gives me what my friends like to call 'Virgin Lungs'. I believe that this aided my bodies ability to consume all of the SD.

My friend lit the bowl and I 'milked' the bong with my first inhale and 'cleared' it on my second. I held it in for about 10 seconds and exhaled NOTHING. I passed the bong and let my head fall back. The last thing I heard was he didn't inhale... the ceiling has support beams on it. This was the last thing I saw. I was picked up and was being pulled over, yes over the ceiling and every beam became a divider for parallel universes. I floated there for what seemed to be about five minutes hearing laughter as if a joke was played on me and I was going to die! I began to scream as loud as I could as I began to look around. All I could see was the ceiling. I tried to look at my hands and could not see them or my body. Suddenly a large green blob came out of one of the universes and turned into an arm it grabbed me and pulled me through its universe. Suddenly I saw myself then I grabbed myself to get my attention. I then turned and saw myself grabbing myself and then there were more of me and I was all of them. Then I heard something about surfing and I said 'Oh my God. I'm surfing?' And I climbed out of the crowd and looked down I was very happy to be just one person again and looking down seeing my shirt I said 'Oh Sh*t I'm wearing my shirt'. 

I looked right to the person grabbing my shoulder. They were saying things like 'Your name is... you just did SD... you are with friends... I am your friend... you are at your friends house...' I looked left and my other friend was saying ' Do you know who I am? Do you know who you are? Do you know where you are?' I responded 'YES... I know what is going on now you f*cking *ss' However, everything was still 'tripping' when I sat down and felt as if I was falling through the ground and falling into myself from above. It kind of looked like a VHS tracking system. It felt as if I was doing this for forty-five minutes. The intense part of my trip was only twenty. I had to wait four hours before I felt it was okay for me to drive home.

When I got home I went right to sleep. In my dreams I felt as if I was falling through myself and into myself. Almost tumbling in and out of reality. 

The next day I felt fine. I went back to my friends house to watch the movie they made of me while I was under the influence. I was watching it in the same room as I had began the trip the night before. The sounds and smell triggered the feeling of me dying again and I had a strange 'flashback'. I ran into the bathroom and tried to vomit. And again I was falling in and out of reality. I still haven't watched the entire video.

My friends didn't believe what I said was true because they smoked it too and never have they felt that way. They dismissed me because I was not a habitual MJ smoker. However, I have done various other substances (MDMA, Amphetamins, Oxy, LSD, 'Shrooms'). They tried to link the SD experience to a MJ high. It is nothing of the sort. But it does feel like MDMA on the come down.

What my friends saw: I began to try to stand up. I started to do a strange howl 'like I was trying to scream in my sleep'. I began to scream louder and shouted 'Ooooohhhhhhhhh myyyyyyyy Goooooooooodddd.......immmmmmmmm suuuurrrrffiiinnnngggg!' I turned very white and began to sweat profusely. Saying things like 'Oh sh*t I am in my shirt'. I also looked confused.

All in all it was a scary experience that have come to respect and understand. I am willing to do it again but not to find myself in a spiritual sense. I would rather do shrooms or LSD for that. This was overly intense and my experience was not enlightenment. And yes more intense then anything I have experienced.