I had just moved from a country where nearly every type of drug carries such strict penalties for abuse that no one ever tries drugs. After 4 years there I moved back to the good old USA. The second I stepped off the plane I was looking for a way to get messed up. I was sick of sobriety and was looking not just for fun but for an experience that I would remember forever. Just 1 week after I got back it was my birthday, my friend had brought me LSD and some Hash as a gift. The place was already oozing with alcohol, and a lot of nitrous oxide. I actually had no intention at this point to use any harder drugs than what were available, but my friends brother comes in with some friends and says 'mind if we join the party?' They had brought with them both crack and heroin... at this point I was beginning to freak out a little bit, everyone was getting soo screwed up. Anyway I had always had a great interest in harder drugs... and right then and there I decided to have that experience that I had been looking for.

Quickly I take 2 E tablets, and as soon as I can get my hands on it I took the acid my friend had got me. Directly after that I began taking hits from a bong someone had brought instead of water they had used vodka as the water medium... oh Jesus was I flying now. But I wanted to get every substance I could get my hands on into my blood stream before I layed back and enjoyed the effects. At this point I must have been too stoned to think straight cuz I simply grabbed the one crack pipe we had at this party and simply just sucked until my lungs ran out of air... oh God I could not believe I was having this sensation I was having one of God like exuberance and sedation and euphoria and deep inner thoughts all at once. But I was not done yet, somehow (I cannot believe I did this) I took my very first hit of heroin from some guy who offered me a needle. I knew all the steps of injecting, although I was so out of it I am surprised that I could pull it off. I pushed the plunger down and that was it...

I knew death... I knew heaven... I knew what it was like to be back in the womb. Total deep understanding with complete fulfillment, happiness, joy, love. Everything good in the world was brought right there to that spot... to that moment. The entire time I was seeing a vision of everyone that I had ever known sitting on top of the rocks at Stone Hendge. It was like coming out of the Matrix for the first time and seeing the real world. And the world was not awful but amazing. THIS WAS ENLIGHTENMENT! With all this understanding and perception happening I was still having something I can only describe as 10,000 orgasms, winning the lottery, falling in love, and falling from the highest building in the world only to be shot back up by a gust of wind back into the eternity of space. The most beautiful fragment of such a fragemented world.

After my 12 hour trip (after which I woke up on the floor) I did a few more nirtrous hits. Oh Jesus... I do not think anything in my life can match the complete amazement of those 8 hours. The struggle of my life now will be to find this feeling again in my normal life.