I had previously thought of myself as a somewhat experienced user of LSD, having done it about 15 times in the past few months. After the evening two nights ago, I have found that I was very wrong, and that I never want to do acid ever again.

My friends and I had earlier that day obtained a vial of the strongest acid we had ever gotten, and planned to candyflip that evening. We bought some ecstasy, and went to our friend's house, where he lives with his parents. After eating dinner with his family, we retreated to his room and out of 8 of us, 6 took a pill of ecstasy each. One of the two others was spending the night since she was kicked out of her house, and one had through an odd series of events obtained an amanitas mushroom, and was on that. The one spending the night was sleeping in the room next door, and the one on mushrooms had gone home, as well as one of the 6 on ecstasy, by the time we began actually taking the acid.  For about a half hour we generally hung around, and then decided to start taking the acid, so it would start to hit at the same time.

The only person with experience with vials had in the past had vials so pure that you would put the end of a pin in the dropper, and then lick that. So, we did that, which we were unaware was not the normal method of taking it. We tried doing that a few times over the next hour, and, since the miniscule doses we were taking weren't doing anything, we thought we were ripped off. We then began taking drops, one of my friends taking 12, before we called the dealer, and found there was a misunderstanding, and that it was actually the acid. I had taken about half of a mostly full dropper, which I estimate was somewhere between 7 and 10 hits. The other 3 took somewhere around 4 hits. We decided to play Risk, and around then the acid began to hit me like a freight train. The room started waving, and I couldn't comprehend the rules. We all began to realize that we had bitten off more than we could chew, especially myself and my other friend who had taken 12. We abandoned Risk, and one of the people on the 4 hits with the person on 12 began playing a game. I'm not sure what they were actually doing, but I saw it as a sort of staring contest where they pushed back and forth balls of energy, which I could actually see. After that, it started getting weird.

I saw 4 interpretations of what was going on in the evening, which I can only describe as terrible nightmare worlds. The first was where the friend on 12 hits was a source of energy that you could track when on acid, and everyone else in the room was a slave to his energy. There was also something about how you became his slave if you saw a certain part of him or something. Then, the two who had been playing the game earlier became the forces of good and evil in the universe and were fighting by shooting lasers out of their hands or something. The friend on 12 hits was evil, and I may have thought he was floating around the room. My other friend unaware of this battle, but his movements managed to combat my other friend's attacks. His movements resembled how I imagine a Neanderthal would behave. 

Then, the battle shifted to the two parties battling in a race to gain more followers, which made a sort of mountain of people, and they were racing to make the mountain grow to a certain point. I'm not sure which order those worlds came in my head, but I know the next one came last. I also believe that the way I saw everyone in the room moving was actually nothing like what was actually happening, so I think I was hallucinating the people moving, but I'm not sure. The tessellations I saw were three-dimensional at this point. The last nightmare world was my friend on 12 hits becoming an evil politician who controlled the world. I began saying "fuck you" to him repeatedly, flipping him off, and trying to kill him by shooting at him with my hands shaped like guns (like a child playing games). At this point, things started getting bad.

I became engulfed mentally by this evil world, and I only remember a few flashes. I remember taking my pants off, spitting, and picking up my guitar. In the morning, when I returned to sentience, I found that I had tried to kill my friend on 12 hits with a TV dinner table that was in the room, which was broken in the corner, as well as with my guitar, which was also damaged. My friend on 12 hits had urinated all over the room and had screamed. We, to quote a friend, behaved like evil goblins. The others had tried to control us, but we were quite literally unresponsive. They actually began beating us in attempts to stop us, but we didn't seem to notice, and my friend on 12 was kicked in the head.

My more sober friends tried to salvage what they could of the ransacked room, and we left the house, because we didn't know what to do. We drove a few miles to Denny's (an incredibly terrible idea given how messed up we all still were)  [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]  and had some coffee, since we had no idea what else to do. I was at this point seeing colored tessellations in the pavement, and the world itself seemed different, which is more intense hallucinations than I had ever before this night. And that was myself coming down.

The room was in such a mess that we quite literally could not think of a single excuse to tell my friend's parents other than what we had actually done. They were shocked, but remained calm and tried to be helpful, offering to give rides to anyone who felt they couldn't drive. I didn't stop seeing tessellations until somewhere around 1:30 AM. Most everyone there is going to stay away from drugs for a long time.