[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.]  


About 50ml, one of the largest amouts I have taken, of synthesized distilled diethyl ether was placed into a plastic 2 liter coke bottle for inhaling (the rag method is inadequate, as the ether evaporates needlessly), and 10ml was poured into a vodka and coke and chugged down the hatch.

I could feel a slight tingling in my fingertips within seconds of a few inhalations, the all-too-familiar creeping numbness starting from the chest, and moving in all directions slowly outwards, continued inhalations produced ever growing dissociation, and a peculiar sort of mental hallucination, that is almost utterly devoid of visual activity, instead consisting of racing thoughts, great enhancement of music, and ease of conversation, as I was at the time, conversing with a friend via the internet. I decided to put on some music, all heavy stuff, or melodic/operatic black metal, such as Kittie, Skrewdriver, Mudvayne, Draconian and A Perfect Circle, which seemed to fit adequately with the dissociative trippy headspace as provided by ether intoxication.

At the time, although I almost never take alcohol, I decided it would be a good idea to mix up a cocktail of 1/2 of a halfpint mug of vodka, 20ml of ether and topped it off with coke. Normally, I abhor the taste of spirits, but due to the ether, my entire body was numbed, so I managed to down the entire mug in one without feeling any but the slightest trace of the fierce ethanolic vitriol that is cheap vodka, some slight degree of stomach discomfort was felt in a short time, but that was mild and transient, merely stomach fullness due to the CO2 in the carbonated coke, misinterpreted by my body as nausea, probably because of the ingested ether numbing the stomach walls somewhat.

It is quite a strange feeling, being pissed out of one's cranial cavity for the first time in the best part of 2 years, and stranger still, is the feeling of being pissed as a skunk, whilst simultaneously intoxicated on diethyl ether, flying around in one's own mind, nevertheless, an enjoyable feeling, which continued on for several hours, after which, I slept soundly. The entire trip was done alone, starting at around 12am. The funny thing was, throughout the entire intoxication, it felt that time was passing as extremely slowly, like I had been high as shit for the best part of half a day or so, but upon retiring for the night, a glance at my watch made it known, that the time was only 3.30, so much experience, condensed into a few hours, yet it felt like days had passed.