Me and my girlfriend went to a particularly over commercialised and generally boring festival in Belgium, on a whim because we had some free tickets. There was however some pretty darn good music especially of the techno/electro genre. As is the custom of my people in such pro-audio situations we hoped to be able to acquire some Ecstasy, we find no problem acquiring such substances in our native land but due to the legality of these things we thought better than to take some through customs.

After asking around in the worst French imaginable we finally found some, it was very cheap even for the continent but we were pleased as we were getting pretty fed up looking. 

We took a tablet each which had VW car logos on them. About 30 mins later I started to come up, initially it felt like some sort of MDMA or related compound, I felt energised, we both felt energised, rushy, we were happy and excited as well, it was the first night of the festival and we had got some e's, so we headed for the nearest dance tent.

After about an hour the rushy effects seemed to die off and I realised that I was tripping more than anything and that I had definately taken something that was not ecstasy. My girlfriend agreed but it was quite pleasant, a mild trippy effect visually and a dull kind of amphetaminey rush but not that strong, so, being of stout heart and mind we both took another.  After that I felt like I had taken a definite dose. I was disappointed as we had both expected to be all hugs and kisses yet I felt kind of detached from the world, mildly paranoid but with a wavy sort of psychedelic feeling never true visuals but definite traces mild waving effects and a acid like appreciation of the music. After we realised we had taken some sort of trip we got into a more trippy frame of mind, and yes, it was fun, not as much fun as mushrooms but I could groove with the general vibes. However after only about an hour and a half the energy started to go and dancing became an effort. 

After about 3 hours the effects had practically worn off with only a trippy, fucked feeling remaining. We went back to our tent and slept very easily. The next day I felt OK better than after ecstasy. I wondered what it might have been, I had thought at the time that it reminded me of 2C-B but as I have only ever taken that once along time ago I wasn't sure plus you never get 2C-B in e's. Later the next day we were hanging around a drug information stand at the festival. My girlfriend managed to translate a leaflet about ecstasy in Belgium. It was very up to date and informative and stated that there was currently a lot of TMA-2 going around Belgium being sold as ecstasy. I had never heard much about TMA but speculated that that could have been what we took. On my return I looked it up on the internet and from what ive read the effects of our pills sound very similar to what others have described on TMA-2. 

I've come to this conclusion that it was this but I may be wrong, however someone may have had a similar experience on these pills so I though id write it up for posterity. Me and my girlfriend would have both preferred ecstasy that night but considering how cheap those tablets were we weren't that disappointed. TMA-2 felt pretty cool for a while but it had no real depth and it wore off fast but painfully slowly. if I want to trip I'll take some mushrooms, if I  want to dance and be merry I'll find some MDMA.