I consider myelf an experienced tripper, having tripped acid, shrooms, and various other substances successfully for the past 20+ years.  I had read all I could on the dangers of using salvia, however, my ego overruled my better judgment, and I thought I could handle Salvia by myself with no problem.   I was completely and totally unprepared for what happened.  I did at least take precautions to be in as safe of an environment as possible.  I ordered and received my Salvia 5x and waited until one beautiful May weekend to go camping in an area that I know to be relatively uninhabited and relatively geographically safe (no rivers, cliffs, dangerous animals, etc).  I waited until sundown, made my campfire, and got comfortable by the campfire.   I laid back on my sleeping bag and fired up a bowl that was packed tight, all the way to the top.  

I pulled the flame in and filled my lungs only to about half full, and held it for about 20 seconds or so.  I told myself that I would wait 10 minutes or so before hitting again just to make sure that the first one wouldn't sneak up on me.  A strange, not uncomfortable giddiness and disorientation set in, but that was all.   I decided it was safe to try another hit.  This time, I hold the flame directly on top of the salvia and take a HUGE hit and held it for about 30 seconds (it was very harsh, and I had to fight hard to keep from coughing and my eyes were watering like crazy).   I laid back on my sleeping back once again and stared at the stars, hoping I would feel something more substantial this time.

As I was staring at the stars, I began to get this very airy, weightless disassociated feeling, and I begin to feel as if I'm floating up into the stars.  I suddenly began to get this fear that I had died, and my soul was floating up into heaven..but then this strange, overwhelming sense of wellness came over me.  I continued to ascend, and as I am looking up at the stars, I begin to notice that they aren't just above me - they are suddenly appearing all around me, and they are getting bigger.  

I vaguely remember seeing thousands, hundreds of thousands, maybe even millions of them. Some of them seem to be coming towards me, some of them are going away from me.  I notice that I can see 'inside' these 'bubbles' of light,  and they seem to contain memories, like looking through a round portal in time.  As I reach out to touch each of these bubbles, I am instantly transported to that time in my life and I relive that memory just as if I were there again, but I can only watch, from inside like I'm watching my life through my own eyes but as a different person, if that makes sense.  I seem to remember being able to go all the way back to my birth, and maybe even before.  I don't even remember how many memories I revisited or how long they lasted, and I can't remember any of them now, except for bits and pieces.  

Reality slowly returned to me, and I felt like I had been gone for months, even years, and it took me a few moments to even remember where I was.  When I looked at my watch, I notice that had only been tripping for about 20 minutes, and I was mentally exhausted.  I've tripped acid for 20 hours straight before (though not in recent years) and I've not been as exhausted.  All in all, compared to the experiences I've read from other first-timers, I think I was extremely fortunate.  Even under acid I've always been able to keep some contact with reality, but this time reality left me completely.  I was totally unprepared, and I can see how my trip could have turned bad very quickly.  I'll try Salvia again, eventually, but it's going to take me some time to prepare.