We started tripping 30 minutes late of the determined time for salvia day, around 10:30pm. We began with my 8x extract, which might be around 2x in reality since I used rubbing alcohol to make it. It was okay, mild closed eye visuals, I could see a white face of a lady, smiling and laughing. 

After that we both decided that it was a good time to go for the 10x. My friend had already tried it the day before with unbelievable effects. He became the chair he was sitting in, clothes and sheets beside him began talking to him, etc. So there I went, I carefully scaled 0.2grams of 10x material and loaded it in my water pipe. I remember that Steve Roach and Vidna's album, Cavern of Sirens, was playing. I took the first hit, really harsh, kept it in for about 10-15 seconds, then I went for another hit quickly. That's all I can remember. 

After that I was propelled out of my body so fast that I didn't have time to put down my pipe. I do not remember this, my friend told me what happened afterwards. He said that I became sort of paralyzed for about 5 minutes with only the mouthpiece of the pipe in my mouth, it had detached from the rest of the pipe. He then said that I looked around and at him a bit after with really big eyes and that I looked EXTREMELY lost. Then I start to remember what happened. I decided to get up and walk a bit. I had completely forgot everything 10 minutes before. My friend then reminded me that I have smoked some 10x and I think that terrified me a bit. I couldn't believe what had just happened, I thought I had gone insane, I was going nuts. It's a good thing that the sitter was there because I thought that there was an emergency, I was about to head out the door and maybe yell out loud, I don't know. I was amazed, thrilled yet terrified what the 10x extract had just done to my brain! I quickly took cover under my bed sheets, like a kid. It took me at least 10 minutes to calm down.

It was as if the salvia had taken my conscience, and then it sliced it into many many slices. All the slices were flashing in a dream-like occurence, yet very vivid, and they were flashing so fast that  I had to stand up to get out of the trance as soon as my motor skills came back. I was exposed to the entire human DNA code right there, and had a total lost of individuality and forgot I had a body. My friend then wanted to go for the rest of the 10x, even if very little was left, I was begging him not to go because I don't think I would of knonw what to do if he was in the same state that I was in. He went a little later but had a much milder experience. I would definitely classify mine as a level 5 *I*mmaterial trip on the S-A-L-V-I-A scale.