I am submitting this report as a warning to those of you thinking about trying out this combination.  It's not that I had a bad time, but it did not have the effect that I expected.  I was a fairly experienced drug user, having done LSD, Meth, MDMA, Ketamine, and numerous pharmaceuticals which include Oxycontin.  Needless to say, I was up for anything.  I'd been an ardent fan of acid, and had thus wanted desperately to try shrooms.  I was at a rave which was partly indoor, partly outdoor and I decided not to roll, so when I found the shrooms I'd been wanting to try, I bought an eighth and promptly ingested a little more than half of it.

Not 20 minutes later did I run into an acquaintance who offered me some free coke, which I had been dying to try and compare to the meth I had been so fond of but had given up for fear of addiction.  At this point, it might be apparent that trying two radically different substances for the first time and doing them simultaneously is probably not the best idea, but at the time, I thought it would give me an energetic, speedy trip.

I did four bumps, or what I believe was four bumps, as by this time the shrooms had kicked in and I had been seeing some pretty amusing, but not LSD-intense, visuals which I regretfully gave myself far too little time to enjoy.  Amazingly, the coke seemed not only cancelled out by the shrooms, but I felt as though it were having the opposite of the expected effect.  I thought for a minute that a couple was walking in slow-motion, but figured out that it was a hallucination.  In fact, it was I who was moving in slow-motion.  Another partygoer actually told me this.  The only coke-like effect I could discern was my inability to keep my eyes in one place; they kept bouncing around on me.  Other than that, I had to concentrate very hard to smoke my cigarette and could easily forget about it for minutes at a time.

The party was broken up and I was driven to my girlfriend's apartment.  That night, we stayed up and talked for hours; the shrooms really opened me up and I felt almost as if I were rolling, without the energetic, speedy effects of ecstacy.  But she did comment that I was moving and very, very slowly and she was a bit disturbed by it.  Basically, I have become a big fan of shrooms, but I concluded that it was a waste of cocaine to mix it with mushrooms, and having done coke on its own since, I've also concluded that coke is a waste of money.  The comparison with meth?  There really isn't one.  But I guess that's another story.