This report does not serve as a 'trip ' report as much as a confirming report about the fact that valerian cures the dreaded E hangover. I was out clubbing and at around 2:30 am ingested my first Ecstasy pill. Aprox 2 hours later as I was peaking I decided to take the other pill that I had in my pocket. Another hour later and I was completely tripping balls. I made the mistake of buying a third pill from a random untrusted source in the club. I have done this in the past with mixed results, everything from GREAT pills to Ok pills. These did not really look or taste legit but I ate them anyway. In the end they gave me nothing but a monsterous stomach ache.

Around 8 am after I THOUGHT the pills were beggining to wear off, we decided to leave the club. We stopped at a diner and it was well aparent that I was still rolling hard. My pupils were heavily dialated and I was def not feeling sober. At this point there was no music, no dancing, and no club. I wanted my trip to end. When I got back to my house, I was still rolling fairly decent form my first two pills that were good, and had a terrible stomach ache from the third one bought at the club. This is around the time I ate four valerian pills that were obtained outside the country. It was said they were valerian root, but the dosage was unclear. 1-2 pills usually put me to sleep, so I doubled the dosage due to the drugs in my system at the moment.

Well, low and behold, I was sleeping like a baby, with the exception of when my stomach began hurting. Therfore, it is my belief that had I not had the bad pills that tore my stomach apart, then I would be gettin sound, deep sleep, even after taking two double stacked pills. When I finally awoke for the day, I felt great. There was no down/depressed feeling that I usually get when taking E alone. Of course my jaw slightly hurt from clenching it for hours, but there were no mental side effects whatsoever. I find that good pills will sometimes give me a hangover for 1-2 days depending on quality and quantity, but this eliminated the hangover altogether.