In the summer of 97', I received quite a sum of money via a settlement.  Me being 18 you know I partied it away.  I spent the majority of $12,000 on Meth (crank) in less than two months.  I would snort it or smoke it and stay up until my body collapsed, which would take about two weeks.  During the first few days of every speed trip, I was the MVP of anything I did.  I did it quicker,and better than anybody else.  I also started making funny noises.  After a few days, the energy turned to paranoia and the funny noises turned to growls.  Every one was out to get me.  Including family and friends.

I remember in one instance, after about 10 days of being wide awake, I was partying with my cousin, another friend, and a few girls.  All of the sudden, I tottaly wigged out, all of the people that were with me were trying to steal my dope.  I got really mad and finally asked my cousin if I could borrow his car.  He didn't realize that I was wigging and told me I could.  I got in the car and drove a couple of blocks to a gas station to get a drink.

I came out and took off, next I started hearing my cousin and my friend coming from the trunk of the car.  In my mind they had jumped in the trunk while I was in the store.  I thought, I'll get these sonsabitches.  So I started swerving trying to make them roll around in the trunk.  I kept hearing 'stop it you son of a bitch' but that just agged me on to swerve harder.  After about two hours of this I returned to my apartment to find the same people there as when I left.  I immediately called them out for being in the trunk and trying to wig me out.  They thought I was absolutely out of my mind, and I was.  Soon after, I collapsed for a day or two, When I awoke I was still convinced that they were in the trunk.  After a couple of days, I had dismissed the Idea alltogether. 

Wigging out is the singlemost scariest thing the first few times it occurs. 
I mean, really beleiving that everyone has ulterior motives against you.  It will drive you crazy.  But after a while, when I almost figured out what was real and what was not, I started to enjoy wigging out.  In fact, when I do crank now I have to stay up long enough to see the 'Shadow Monsters', think everyone is talking about me, and look into the mirror and not recognize myself.  To someone who has never done crank this may be farfetched, but to the geekers out there you know it's pretty easy to call up the Shadow World A.K.A. Geekerville.

P.S. If you've never done meth don't.   I didn't even touch on how bad it screws up your life, and believe me it's awful.