Background:
	
I'm sixteen years old, female, about 120lb, and hadn't had much prior experience with psychedelics. Prior to this experience I had tripped on shrooms once a few months ago, however the alleged half eighth was quite obviously shorted. I've also tripped on salvia a few times and used to smoke a lot of weed (I don't as much anymore since that mushroom trip).
	
My friends and I ordered the 4-HO-MiPT over the internet and it came in on a Monday. I had been planning to wait until the weekend to try it with a group of friends but ended up doing it by myself Wednesday night right after work, not preparing at all like I had planned to. Even though I knew I wasn't in an ideal state of mind to trip (I‘d had a bad day at work and some conflict with a friend), I wasn't worried about having a bad trip because when I tripped on mushrooms it was a positive experience and from what I'd read this was a very similar chemical. Also my friends had all tripped on this the day before and liked it a lot. I took somewhere between 8 and 12 mg (there was some uncertainty because the scale I used wasn't very accurate) dissolved in a bottle of water. My stomach was still pretty full from a huge meal I ate about five hours before dosing. My intention for this trip was to get a new perspective on certain areas of my life and to try to get unstuck from a sort of dull mindset I'd been in recently.

9:30pm: I drank the bottle of water quickly over the course of about five minutes. I was alone in my room the whole time. After about twenty minutes I started to feel a little anxious and cold and I was shivering. I got in bed to warm up and listened to a hypnosis cd to relax. I started to relax and to see beautiful, intricate patterns when I closed my eyes. 

10:00pm: After about thirty minutes I was definitely tripping and I felt like I had on mushrooms. The trip was building in waves, coming on strong for a few moments and then letting up so I would forget I was tripping. It quickly got much more intense than it had been on mushrooms. At this point I wrote: "Right now all systems are void. When I reach for them I find nothing. My soul is exposed. There is no limit to what I now can teach you." And then a wave would hit where the trip was so strong I physically couldn't write. When it came down again I wrote: ‘Now I see what happened last time. Everything happens too fast to write down. Now I am just writing. It's hard to simultaneously write on the paper about how well you know the paper w…I can't think anymore. I will write when I am back." 

Time seemed to be incredibly drawn out. I would look at the time, an eternity would go by, then I would look at it again to see that it hadn't changed. It felt like my heart was beating fast, but when I took my pulse it was only 75. I tried to take my pulse again later but it felt like my hand was melting into my neck and I couldn't distinguish my pulse from the air pulsating around me, so I don't know what it actually was. Nothing serious, I wasn‘t that worried about it. But it was definitely not a good idea to trip alone, especially since I'd never done this before. The whole time I really wished I had someone to talk to about everything I was thinking. 

A lot of the insights I had about my life had to do with the way I relate to other people. I realized that I get too caught up in my own thoughts, and that reality lies in the collective human consciousness. To realize that and not have someone there to connect to was really frustrating. I wrote a note to one of my friends explaining what I was going through because it related to a conversation we'd had that day. That was some relief to know that I would give her the note the next day and my message would  get across, but it was no substitute for face-to-face communication.

For the first part of the trip I was listening to my ipod on shuffle, but I realized that songs with lyrics were too much for me to handle, so I put on Bach. That was a good choice--Orchestral Suite #3 in D and some other soothing orchestral pieces. The music I was listening to was pretty much what determined my emotional state throughout the trip, so switching to classical music was a major upgrade. Words freaked me out, silence was too silent, but classical was perfect. 

1:30am: I started to come down now, and for the next two hours I did a lot of writing and reflecting. I still had lots of sensory distortion and couldn't go to sleep yet, but my mind felt very clear. This was the best part of the trip. I was relieved to feel like I was back in my body again and felt very at peace with everything I'd learned from the experience. This lasted about an hour and a half, and I fell asleep a little after 3am. 

Overall I'd say this was a beneficial experience even though it wasn't fun the whole time. I went back and forth a lot between euphoria, fear, and intense self-analysis the whole time. This is a drug that should be treated with caution and respect, definitely not a party drug, for me anyways. Based on this experience I would highly recommend preparing mentally beforehand and being in a comfortable setting with a friend and some soft, relaxing music. It's quite a journey.