I ingested 10 mg of 2C-T-7 orally at aproximately 3:30 pm at a friend's apartment.  The onset took about 2.5 - 3 hours.  During the onset, about an hour into it, I began to feel slightly nervous, and tense.  My body temperature fluctuated, and I found myself sweating on a few occasions, and feeling cold at other times.

Once peak effects had begun we went for a walk around town.  I felt less body temperature irregularities, although I had tightness in my chest and stomach.  This tightness got worse when laying down, and when I sat up abruptly, it almost turned to nausea.  Sitting up for a while and walking around helped with this.  As far as visual phenomena, it was fairly mild.  I perceived some things to be closer than they actually were, and when staring at a ceiling, the surface of the ceiling appeared to shift around in various ways.

One prominent effect throughout the trip was a reduced ability to use higher reasoning functions (language, problem solving).  I felt confused on occasion, and wondered if things I was saying were making sense.  At one point, I was looking at a patch of tulips, and said 'hey, look at the pretty roses'.  Yes, I am usually fully capable of distinguishing between a rose and a tulip, and after being told that they were tulips, and inspecting them again, I realized my mistake.  This may not sound significant, but it illustrates the kinds of things that were disrupted in my cognitive abilities.

I was at baseline at about 7 hours after ingestion, and the only remaining aspect was a pounding headache.

The overall experience was mildly interesting, and had there not been so many physical side-effects, it may have been worth repeating.  I could deal with the body load, but I just don't want to.  Also, such a significant physical aspect to the chemical indicates to me that there may be something toxic at work.  So I'd rather not try my chances with it again.

I am not currently taking any prescription, over the counter, or herbal medications.