My experiences with acid have each been special and enlightening in their own ways. Initially, my experience with drugs was merely marijuana, and I was content with its effects. Then the idea of Acid became more and more enticing, until I tried it. I have done it several times since, but the most recent trip I took was without question the most amazing.

My 3 friends and I planned our trip early on in the week, each of us building our own vision of what our Friday trip would entail. I feel I have a good control on acid when I take it, and I was sure my trip would be beautiful and spiritual. Friday came, and we had many possibilities of where we would get it, yet we feared all would fall through and it would be strictly a smoking night. Fortunately, that was not the case, and we each purchased 2 mints, blessed with acid.

We all dropped them and began ingesting vitamin C candies and chewing Vitamin C gum, both of which you can find pretty much anywhere. We smoked a bowl about 20 minutes later, and after about 10 more minutes, I felt my journey begin. I was on the deck with my 2 friends and my friend, Nikki, got our lighter to work merely by touching it. With that said, she began raving and we could feel the trip from each other's hands. (A side note... Nikki and I had always wanted to trip together, because we both respect the drug and realize the depths to which it can go. Also, we have incredible conversations while high, so tripping seemed like it would be sensational, which it was...)

We went inside and my mother's classical music CD came on, Nikki and I insisted it remain, feeling its supreme beauty. Then we put some Lords of Acid on and Nikki commenced her incredible raving. 

My two guy friends came over at this point, and each dropped a Pez adorned with acid. Honestly, I was not pleased with their presence, because I felt we had our own little tripping heaven as it was. Later, they proved to be essential elements in the 'tripping heaven.' Then more weed came, and my mother came home. Simultaneously mind you. This created humor and intensity, elements I find essential to an enlightening trip. So it was on...

We stayed indoors for a little while, watching basic TV, and my visuals began. This was the first time I had ever seen such intense images, and it was quite welcomed. We decided to go to a park nearby and smoke more to heighten the trip. We arrived and I found beauty unlike any I had ever known. The 6 of us were in the snowy park, secluded from others, but close enough that we were well aware of them. Some of my friends became somewhat paranoid, but I was more concerned with smoking more. They insisted outsiders knew we were there, and I proceeded to tell them, 'Our entire world is not part of their reality'. This was just one of my quotes that my friends enjoyed.

When I trip, I am emotion. In my 'normal' life, I somewhat fear it, and do not know how to handle it. I often enjoy being by myself while doing acid, because I find I get to know myself better. I feel I have grown more after each time. Smoking also heightens it, but makes it more of a 'fucked up' feeling, less surreal. Vitamin C most definitely did something that evening. It was the most incredible night of my life, and forever close to my soul.

I must say, however, be careful. My experiences are quite intense, and for some this intensity may create life changing ideas and self-reflections.

Thank you for reading my story and good luck finding inner peace and satisfaction.