Halloween:  2003

After casually smoking a joint, my friends and I retreated to a safe haven, for in my pocket there was a little baggie full of magical mushrooms.  Rather anxious to take them, I felt spiritually ready to see where my mind would soon take me.  At about 1:30 pm, I began to eat the mushrooms, washed down with orange juice and starburst candy.  The effects came on rather rapidly, or so it seems because as they were kicking in I was watching Tim Leary's How to Operate Your Brain video.  This was the second time for me to take mushrooms, so the onset was more recognizable.

Inanimate objects seemed to gain consciousness, while at the same time my perception of body weight and dimensions changed.  At first, it was almost overwhelming, but I took heed of Leary's philosophy which states that one should sit back and embrace the ego loss to experience true light.  This I did, right as we left the house to ride downtown via bus to explore modern society from an altered perspective.  Luckily, before we left I familiarized myself with and essentially embraced the state of mind.

The first peak came on a bus ride where I noticed the patterns on the bus floor not as random splotches, but as eye and pig like forms.  This made me feel that sort of unity explained so often.  Aldous Huxley most excellently explains how spatial relationships and patterns change on psychedelics, everything becomes symbolic to represent the life-death cycle.  Fourth dimensions are perceived and understood, yet no word can express the beauty.

I am rather prolific in meditation, so I experimented with techniques; this led me to be able to control the trip as in what angle to percieve the world.  Finally, I understood cubist conceptions and the nature of Einstein's theories.  Humans that I saw on the trip were more sort of caricatures in nature; yet I could identify with their needs in terms of Maslow's hierarchy theory.  Visual hallucinations were vivid and pulsating under closed eyes; reds and blues and yellows reassured me of the beauty of life, of existence.

We travelled into a hotel where I heard an ascending buzz, ending with the slam of a door (this all came from my mind).  By this time I felt like the white rabbit, late for the quest that I had already embarked upon.  Mushroom empathy seemed to me rather satirical, opposed to DXM where I love everything for what it is.  I suppose I am rambling, so to get to the point, I felt like I needed more.  The insight went only so far, but each peak was different.  It has been months since the experience, but the contemplative period does not seem to have ceased.  I don't know how to explain it exactly, but psychedelics seem to truly open the mind if taken with that goal in mind.    

One can learn tremendous amounts of information in that state of mind, as the serotogenic (perception forming) networks activate and it is possible to literally open one's mind.  The most major standout of the mushroom is how familiar the human is to it; it is as if that is how cognition is supposed to be in order to learn anything. Well, I apologize if this report is rather incoherent, I simply needed to assess my trip and perhaps explain my experience to like-minded individuals.  

peace, love, and harmony fellow brethren, and happy spiritual exploration be it psychedelics or meditation!