Came home one night, there was no power.  A night of sitting at home without light sounded like no fun. Someone told me that motion sickness pillz made you trip out. Someone told me a story about sittin in a dark room on dramamine and seeing colors. Other people said that you'd see people that werent there. Decided to try it at home with no power (no tv, music, light). Went to the gas station and bought two 12 packs of drammamine. I decided to start out low and only took six pills (300 mg). After a half hour of nothing decided to take two more pills (100 mg). A little while later I found that my sense of balance was totally off. My friend that was with me took the same amount and he wasnt feeling anything. We decided to go out to the car. While in the car I started to get visuals. I was seeing things (an amobea, some people, and other weird things) in my dashboard. While we were outside we both heard a young girl's voice call out our name. We went back inside and sat on the couch. Because I wasnt sure of the exact dosage I didnt take anymore. My friend took the rest of his 12 pack. 

As we sat on the couch (without lights) I became bored. I wasnt really seeing anything but my body felt strange. My depth perception was off. But, when I closed my eyes I would see strange images. It was almost like I could see the room I was in but if it was lit up. Then I saw a tv frame and I started to see scenes in the tv. One I remember vividly was of people. I would see a scene of people (and for some reason I would know a little bit about them). Then I would start to hear them talking. This was about three hours after I took the first dose.  The last thing I remember was seeing a group of people, I knew that they were politicians.  They were discussing something important. I hear them talking, but then I opened my eyes and they and their voices were gone. I was so tired and decided that closed eye visuals were starting to get boring (not to mention that my friend went to sleep). So I went to bed. It sucks because I wasnt sure of the exact dose I should take and a friend of mine told me that the effective dose was just under an overdose. The visuals were slight and only triggered by light. The closed eye visuals were cool as hell but when my friend went to sleep I didnt have anyone to talk to.  Next time I want to take more to see if the visuals are more intense. 

Peace
psychoactiveist