I had been prescribed Imovane for my insomnia. The first few days of taking it, it was working very well. It didn't really help me sleep though mainly because it made me feel euphoric and a bit tipsy similar to the tipsy feeling I get from alcohol. But after a week it just flat out stopped working. I doubled the dose to 15mg and still it didn't work. 

11:30PM: Wanting to get high I took 37.5mg of Imovane. 

12AM: I started to feel the effects kick in. I felt euphoric and very happy. I had a big urge to just go out and do anything at all without a care in the world. I couldn't really think because all I could do was feel. Just feel happy and giddy. I cleaned my room and was pretty much chain smoking. I wrote in my journal in an attempt to record my experiences. (I will get to that later). I don't remember much of it but I'm sure I spent quite a bit of time just playing around with random knick knacks in my room.

1AM: I went outside to get some fresh air and connect with nature. I sat on the front steps of my house and had a really big sense of happiness and felt at peace. I was very tipsy and clumsy. I was delusional too. I tried writing in my book with a lighter and dropped my cigarette on my leg and didn't notice it burning my skin. I started to see flashes. It was like flashes of a camera. On any other drug or even if I was sober I would be worried by this or start getting paranoid. But the Imovane took away all my paranoia and anxiety that I didn't care about the flashes. I was curious about them and wanted to know where they we're coming from. I didn't go looking for them because I convinced myself it was just the harmless paparazzi after me. I have no idea why I thought it was the paparazzi, I just did. After about an hour I stumbled back to my room knocking down a few things along the way. 

2-3AM: I didn't stay in my room for more than a minute. I decided to go downstairs and smoke a joint with my sister. We went to our backyard and started smoking. I was feeling kind of tipsy but still really happy. Usually I'm nervous around people, even my family. But I was talkative and enthusiastic with my sister and had no anxiety at all. My sister didn't notice anything. Halfway through our joint I started hallucinating. Our backyard consists of this tiny little porch that could maybe fit 3 people on it with steps leading down from the sliding doors to our lawn. It's maybe 3ft high. There are no fences separating the backyards of any of the houses down the entire street so you could basically see all the houses just like a front yard. 

Now what I saw was a bunch of people. These people we're crouched behind the steps maybe 4 or 5 houses down. They crawled forward to the stairs of the next house, getting closer and closer to the steps where me and my sister were standing. They got so close that they we're up to the point where they we're crawling from my neighbours' steps to mine when I realised that this wasn't real. I wasn't afraid, in fact I was pretty curious about what the hell these people were doing and wanted to talk to them. But I told myself that it's around 2 or 3 AM and it makes no sense to have a bunch of people crawling from house to house towards me. After my realisation, I'm guessing they disappeared. When we we're done smoking I made it back upstairs to my bedroom in a very wobbly fashion and I don't remember anything else afterwards.

The next thing I remember is waking up in my bed 1 and a half days later. My mom walked in and asked me "how was school?". I just looked at her confused and said "good?". I looked around and saw garbage all around my room and the journal I was writing in. I tried reading it but none of it made sense. There we're mentions of me wanting to lick the sky, hearing giggling coming out of my walls and drawers, people watching me, people trying to break into my window, some fox in a bathrobe, a lot of random hallucinations I had. I could barely read the handwriting. At one point it took me 3 pages to write 2 sentences. 

Despite all the events that happened, I enjoyed the experience. I didn't feel any bad effects other than the fact that I was pretty much blacked out for a long time. The amnesia isn't good either.