I have recently acquired just under a gram of DiPT, and I anxiously divided four *very* small lines for insufflation in my dorm room last night at 3:30am.  I couldn't find any reports involving this method of administration, so I was very nervous about my experiment.  I didn't have any scales available at this time of the day.  I realize this is not a safe way for experimentation with a previously unused chemical, so I made sure to make the lines much smaller than I thought was needed.

My goal tonight is to experience the chemical with a clear head, no preconceptions.  I don't want to expect anything from the chemical; in fact, I don't think it will turn out to be much of anything.

3:30am
I snort the first line.  I feel a slight pressure in my ears but nothing happens.  I continue to talk to other psychonautic friends online about my experiment.

4:15am
I snort the second line.  I think I hear some distortion but I'm not sure if it's placebo or not.

5:00am
I snort the third line and suddenly the distortion is extremely apparent.  The powder cakes the back of my throat and I start coughing (I'm recovering from a flu).  As I cough into the trash can I feel my stomach heave and vomit comes out my mouth.  It was completely reactionary and I didn't really notice until I saw what ended up in the trash can.

I can only try to describe (and inaccurately) what I experienced aurally.  It was as if the derivative of the tempo of sounds was always negative, but the original tempo function was unchanging.  This is impossible mathematically, but nevertheless that is the effect I experienced.

5:10am
Fuck it.  I insufflate the last line after getting a response from a netperson on his previous experiences snorting DiPT.  I go to the bathroom and I notice a very pronounced breathing effect on my peripheral vision.  The tryptamine body high is now very apparent, though still not nearly as strong as what I have experienced on other compounds.  The pitch of almost everything sounds lower, but I cannot predict how much lower it will sound from second to second.

I'm listening to my headphones but it's as if every song is some fucked up remix with new vocals (if there are any).

I listen to music for the rest of the night until I jump in bed at ~7:30am.  I have no trouble falling asleep (my mind didn't race at all) and when I wake up at 12:10pm I feel as if I've had a full night of sleep.  I noticed several times certain tracks within a song seemed to really jump out at me and others seemed to fade into the background.

Today I aquired a scale and weighed out the rest of the chemical and realized that I dosed on approximately 20mg over the course of 2 hours.  Hopefully this will be confirmed by further research.  I was very surprised at the effects and can only describe them as 'weird.'  Not bad, and definately interesting; I was completely captivated just analyzing the things I was hearing.