I had just gotten my first tab of X from a good friend and was stoked about trying it out. I had looked up information on it to make sure I knew what I was getting myself into. So being grounded at home I decided to wait till my parents go to sleep and take the tab. I ingested half the tab at 9:42pm on a Friday night. I sat down on the couch and told myself to relax and let whatever is going to happen, happen and that I will be safe. After thirty minutes I didn't feel a thing. So I took the other half of A-1 and this time went to my room because I was sure that I was going to trip after a whole tab of A-1, especially for my first time. I sat on my bed listening to music for the next thirty minutes. So It has been an hour and I didn't feel a damn thing. I was very frustrated and upset that my twenty-five dollars had been a waste. So I said fuck it and packed a phat bowel of some dank and sparked it up. Usually I only take five or six hits, but I smoked the entire bowel by myself. I had my traditional cigarette after my weed was done and just sat down and relaxed on my bed.
	 
Out of no where I felt dizzy and giddy. I had a permanent grin on my face and I got a warm sensation throughout my entire body. I looked at the clock and it was 11pm. I got up to turn on some music and then I sat back down. I could not stop moving my body even though I was sitting down. After listening to some rave music I started feeling sick. Like my stomach really hurt. So I turned off all the lights and layed down on my bed. Bad idea.... very bad idea. I got really cold and started shivering. My teeth were grinding extremely hard and my jaw hurt badly. The cool thing was that my window was all distorted. It turned into shapes looking like diamonds swirling together, then my whole room was swirling together. I realized that I was hallucinating and I sat up and looked at my hand, I couldn't see it though. This is where I freaked.
	
I kept telling myself, 'It's okay I'm in control' over and over trying to convince myself I was. It didn't work though. So I found a shoe box in my room and made myself throw up in it. ( I didn't want to go into the bathroom because my sister would of heard me ) I only threw up alittle bit, but I did see a few sprinkles of pink A-1, so I was happy to know that I did not digest all of it. I looked in the mirror and my eyes were popping out of my eyes sockets and my pupils were all black. There was no brown. 
	
So I got out my notebook and grabbed an orange marker and drew swirls everywhere. I also drew random words on the pages. I look back on it today and realize how fucked up I was. About 2am I prayed to god for about an hour thanking him for keeping my alive and praying for my friends and family. I knew that I was going to live so I actually enjoyed the rest of my trip. I hugged my stuffed animals and had conversations with them pretending they were my friends from school. I ended up falling asleep at 3:30am and waking up at 8am, wired. I went downstairs and played video games for 3 hours. I tried to eat but I threw up everytime. Even if I had a cup of coffee. The after effects were awesome though. I felt so happy and loved life in this weird unusual way for the whole day. But I just want to add in for someone contaplating to take Ecstasy alone, DON'T DO IT.( especially if it is your first time taking E ) It is a nice trip and all, but it is easy to lose control and panic.