[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.] 

It is really hard here (Utah) to find good drugs.  Marijuana is ample but I prefer acid (which seems extinct).  My friend told me of his gasoline huffing experiences.  I was curious to do this, so, after my friend told me the best way to huff up the fumes, I went home and tried it.  I'm telling you now how dumb it is. I went with my friend's 'coke bottle' idea (put just a small ring of gasoline at the bottom of a 2 liter bottle, put your mouth on the bottles mouth and inhale).  I did this a couple times in the garage (alone).  My first huffs.  I felt my head sink into my body so I thought I had no neck, like wise with my eyes.  I huffed a bit more.  My impaired judgement told me to do this in the house, downstairs.  Like a dumb-ass I did. I huffed more and more.  I looked at the wall in between rounds.  The oddest pattern.  It was purple and yellow, 60's psychedelic art; it was spinning in circles, slowly and tranquil.  I sat on the couch awed with a gas bottle in my lap.  I inhaled more and more, seeing how close I can come before insanity and melting my brain.  

I thought the computer a couple feet away from me was helping with the nuke job (I had to find a new seat away from the computer.).  Finally, I was so completely gone (not the good gone, but awake nightmares about myself as a child) I actually started drinking gas!  Like I said, it was in a 2 liter bottle so subconciously I thought it was soda or something.  I passed out.  
I had this nightmare about me back 10 years ago when I was 3 or 4.  From the sins I did god decided to punish me.  He threw a beehive from the purple and black heavens.  It hit me in the mouth.  The juice of the beehive got all over my face and stung!  It stung so bad!  I woke up later, and, come to find out, I had actually still been drinking the gasoline while I was passed out!  The beehive in my nightmare was actually the 2 liter bottle and all the gasoline spilled out onto my face.  That was what was stinging!  I looked at the couch I was sitting on.  It was drenched on the front side.  I figured it was the spilled gasoline or my vomit (both I find out).  

I'm still too fucked up to clean it up or to do anything about it.  I heard my dad walk into the house upstairs, home from work.  I had the sense to hide the bottle behind a different couch.  I sat on the rocking chair and turned the TV on.  I was rocking gently back and forth (I actually wasn't, the gasoline makes you feel like ya are.).  I forgot my dad was upstairs.  A couple minutes later, I turned my head to the left.  There he was.  He was screaming at me, asking me why the house stunk like gas.  I hurry and ditched upstairs.  He followed me.  I took a seat on the kitchen table realizing if I left he would probably tackle me in the street and drag me home.  After he calmed down a little I constructed enough words (and brain cells) to tell him that I was lighting gas on fire outside and it must of got on my shoes.  Him, being an adolescence himself, didn't believe me and stormed downstairs looking for evidence that I was inhaling.  Thank the god who pegged me with that beehive, he didn't.  He left back to work and I, coming down, cleaned up my mess.  He still doesn't beleive me I don't think, but he hasn't disowned me (not yet). 
 
If there is anybody who is reading this who is planning on huffing gas, I say that experimenting is good, but only once or twice-after that you lose reality and you're incapable of thinking; seriously, the friend who taught me how to do the two liter bottle trick is completely gone mentally. 

I went through hell that experience.....not really hell but mental deterioration.  It took a couple days to straighten out who I was. When I passed out I honestly thought I was 3 again!  I came to (after the beehive) and for a couple of minutes, thought I was 20+ years in the future!  Besides that one hallucination, it was not psychedelic, thus, I don't recommend it. Psychedelic is latin for mind-altering.  What is latin for mind-melting?