For a while I had been wanting to trip because of all the stuff i heard about it. None of my friends liked tripping but i was not convinced. One a saturday night, my friend and i went to the Rocky Horror picture show, mainly because i wanted to sell some ecstacy i had. I ended up traded two rolls for a little baggie. In the baggie was supposevely acid. They looked like little purple insect legs. I do not remeber what they were called, but they said they were the cuttings left over from the sheet of gels or something. I was doubtful but trusting because it was my friend's boyfriend. We went out back and she put two of the bug-looking legs on my tongue. They tasted kinda strange. I let them dissolve and we went on with our night.

About 40 minutes later we decided to walk to the graveyard, but halfway there we decided to change our minds. As we walked back, i saw two cats and i pursued them. As i walked toward them, i heard a strange noise from the gutter. ( i later found out it was a frog croaking.) it scared the crap out of me and i ran off giggling insanely. i was convinced there was a monster in the gutter. the other girl that was with us began croaking and i began laughing in hysterics. By this time i knew it was kicking in.  They went back to get some ecstacy from someone while i wandered around. everything was strange and new. someone approached me wanting to buy a roll. but the strangest thing happened. i couldnt get it out of my wallet. everytime i opened my wallet, it was a confusion of colors and madness. i threw the wallet down on the ground. i couldnt understand why i couldnt get it out. luckily, my friend found the roll and my wallet. then we went n a car ride. 

i was by the window. looking out the window was the strangest thing that i had ever seen. the driver had put some trance on. when walked around on clematis for a while and by this time i was real messed up.  my mind was wandering. colors swirling in and out. tall buildings and trees were amazingly impressive. when we got back to rocky, we wrnt to the park ad i saw the most beautiful tree i had ever seen in my life. i decided to sit in it. by this time my friends were rolling and quite worried about me wandering off. We went back to rocky and actually went in the theater. what happened was amazing. the input to my brain was overwhelming. all the sounds, the sights, everything. then we went to IHOP. we went into the bathroom, and my pupils were quite large. i couldnt help staring at the stalls. they were the most beautiful shade of purple i had ever seen in my life.  strange rainbow patters, like a metal grid, covered everything. we got a ride home from the most beautiful guy i had ever seen in my life, and i was quite in love with him. when we got home it was about 4:30 AM. One of my friends who was rolling, had some shrooms. we then decided to go outside and explore. 

we decided to go to the community pool, but we never made it. everyfew steps or so, we would get distracted by something. then i noticed her face. it looked so strange. her eyes were morphing and her face just looked so weird. we were out side for an hour, wandering around. then we went inside and watched the Matrix. it was amazing. I was convinced the guy who wrote the script was tripping. It made perfect sense. After the movie was over, I was convinced i was in the matrix, I ran around screaming, 'there is no spoon!' i really was convinced. suddenly, i was ravenously hungry. i grabbed a sprite and ran into my friends room. 'orange.....AMBIVALENCE!' i said, and we all giggled. i didnt end up opening the can of sprite for about an hour.

afer that we sat on the floor for hours recalling all our memories. it was the most fun i had in my entire life and i would definately do it again. everything was so beautiful to me. it was the most amazing experience in my life and i believe i learned alot from it, just about how beautiful life is. 

unfortunately two days later i got extremely sick and vomited for two days straight, but that always happens to me when i try  a new drug. that will not prevent me from trying it again. it was totally different from what i expected, and anyone who wants to see the beauty in life should definately try it.