I'm a 23 year old male with a history of depressive thinking and panic attacks. As I've entered my early 20's, I've been able to get over some of my depression simply through living life and learning as well as accepting certain things I am unable to change. I have my down days and have a tendency to use street drugs or alcohol to get through those times. However, I can say a few positive things about Klonopin(clonazepam) that have helped me. For one, it moderates my drugs habits such as cigarettes and alcohol. <!--If you want to quit drinking, Klonopin will not only stabilize your body but will keep you from drinks because although at first it may seem that alcohol in combination with this pharmaceutical produces a nice buzz, you will find-->I found that Klonopin helped me quit drinking because even though at first the alcohol combination with this pharmaceutical produces a nice buzz, I eventually found that it quickly leads to blackouts, increased anxiety, and complete stupor.<!--If you feel you are a 'responsible' drinker, one or two drinks is where I would recommend drawing the line but from a medical standpoint I really shouldn't suggest drinking at all on this drug.-->

However, I enjoy smoking pot but<!--if you enjoy smoking pot, but like me, you--> sometimes get a little anxious, paranoid, or even enter states of accute panic.   Klonopin is a useful drug to enhance and 'smooth out' a marajuana experience. When I could find it on the street, I would quickly purchase several pills and proceed to swallow a good 2 milligrams before toking some good bud. After puffing those first few tokes, I would enter a state of complete euphoria and relaxation and due to Klonopin's long duration I found I could enjoy an entire evening of marajuana with no negative effects.<!--The only thing to remember with this combination is that if you continue to smoke pot over a few days, you will start to notice your memory really fog up(even more than it normally does on pot).--> I do find that if I continue to smoke pot over a few days my memory really fogs up (even more than it normally does on pot.

The high includes total body relaxation, euphoria, talkativeness, and the ability to enjoy and engage in my atmosphere to a much greater extent.<!--You may get additional effects, everyone is different.-->

In closing, I will add that I take this medication 3 times daily now and have not had a panic attack since I began taking it and it has improved the quality of my life substantially. Of course, it is VERY addicting and after about two weeks of use my body will most definitely let me know when it's time to take a dose.<!--So, unless you have a good connection(i.e.- a psychiatrist), I highly recommend trying this only once in a while unless you truly have panic or anxiety issues and feel you need medical help.-->