[Erowid Note: Unconfirmed Serious Injury Report. This report of a serious injury was submitted without verifiable details or contact information. Erowid is choosing to publish this report to invite public comment and to allow anyone who knows about this event to submit details that we can verify.

Neither this report nor any report of a hospitalization should be considered reliable without details that can be verified through hospitals, police reports, family members, or news reports. If you have information about this incident or other experience resulting from the use of any psychoactive substance we cover, please contact sage at erowid.org.]  

[Erowid Note: 26 mgs of alprazolam is considered a dangerously, possibly fatal, high dose, particularly combined with another CNS depressant. ]

I will keep this as brief but informatively dense as possible.  It all started out with the second time I'd been going through detox for benzodiazepines (alprazolam).  I was prescribed 1mg/daily by my doctor, but after his finding out that I was abusing it and that it had landed me into my second visit at the usual detox clinic/hospital, he canceled the prescription.  After leaving the hospital, and some days after, I'd wondered just how a doctor might go about canceling a prescription and if he'd even communicated that with my local pharmacy.  I figured since I still had the paper prescription that mentioned 2 refills left, that I'd give it a try.  Success.  Thirty 1mg pills in a bottle.  

When I got home I crushed up four pills (it came in the form of Xanax XR-extended release) and placed the resulting powder in gel caps.  I ingested the 4mg and awaited effects.  Nothing spectacular as usual.  (I'm not in love with the effects of benzos nearly as much as that of heroin or other synthetic opiates, but something keeps me coming back) I awake the next day and started popping the remainder of the bottle.  Memory ends here.  The following is gathered from what I am told happened and faint flashbacks of memory.

A friend wanted to purchase a few off of me so he came over around 12pm.  When he arrived I admitted that I'd ingested the rest of my pills.  26mg.  I then suggested that we take a ride to the city and purchase some blow (heroin).  He obliged.  He owns a BMW and I asked to drive.  REAL smart.  He allowed me to.  REAL smart.  I somehow managed to make it to the city without any trouble and found the usual spot and purchased 5 bags at $10/bag.  I paid $35 and he paid $15.  We were handed the goods and I hid two in my sock and exclaimed as we left that we had been ripped off and only received three bags.  We left the city and got onto the express way.  I don't know who was driving but we pulled off the express way and stopped at a gas station.  I went to the bathroom and, it is assumed, that I insufflated the heroin there since I 'took a long time'.  I came back to the car and my friend took over the wheel.  

I started breathing oddly and then suddenly, not at all.  My friend called another friend on his cell phone, panicing, wondering what to do.  He said to call my brother.  He called him and, paniced, asked him what to do.  He said to call my mom.  He called her and she yelled 'call 911!' which is obviously what he should have done in the first place.  An ambulence arrived at the scene, two hours from my home, and I was immediately recessitated, brought back to life, and taken to a hospital.  The next day, I had my taste of what would be my third and final visit to detox.  

Benzo's alone are a sneaky, dangerous and addictive class of drugs.  Benzo's in combination with other CNS depressants are nothing to be taken light-heartedly.  I literally had my life taken from me that day and was thankfully given it back.  I may never get a chance like that again.  Use your head and know how each substance affects you prior to dosing.  I was a fool that day.