[Erowid Note: 
Most Coricidin contains CPM (Chlorpheniramine Maleate) which can be dangerous in high doses. See <a href='/chemicals/dxm/dxm_info2.shtml'>DXM Brand Warnings for more info.]

Words cannot describe what I felt. I have always been apprehensive even at the thought of taking higher amounts of over the counter cough medicines for a high. But this blew away all the thoughts I have had.

It was a boring saturday night, car was in the shop. I had purchased a box of Coricidan Cough and Cold a few weeks before but I never found the time to do it. I said to hell with it, this was the night.

Around 9 pm that night, I swallowed 8 pills. Nothing at first, so I fell asleep. I awoke 20 minutes later to feelings to the capacity of being drunk. I went online and chatted to others.  It became increasingly hard to type.  ed up with my inability to type I then decided to lay down and watch television. This was around 945. As I lay it felt as if I were on Ecstacy.  My body felt as if I was in a hot tub. I was unable to move, just glaring at the television, my mind was on a totally different level.

Without even knowing I fell asleep. I awoke at 1100. The full effects of this stuff were being felt. I stood up and had to sit down. I could not stand. I panicked. After realizing I was on a drug I stood up again and went to the bathroom. I felt very sick. Panic enraged my mind as I thought I was going to die. My heart was racing, I was shaking, and I was having cold sweats. I raced stumbled from my bed room to the bathroom numerous times before I sat down. I then called a freind who told me everything was going to be ok. Then I talked online, typing hooribly, to people who knew what was going on. They calmed me down alot. I would say that was the only part that was bad was the thinking of death. I then layed down and relazxed, still very nervous thinking of death.  

I watched television until 6 AM. It only seemed like an hour. Television shows had different meanings. My vision was blurred. The only thing I could compare this too was rolling, tripping and drunk. But all at the same time. My body was near paraliyzed. It felt as if I was floating. As if there was nothing holding me but air. Walking was such a chore. It felt as if I was on a moonwalk type thing at carnivals. It was unbleiveable. I had shivers all over like the ones with ecstacy. My mind was unbleiveably filled with visuals of all sorts. Most of them were from the sprial pattern on the ceiling.  It was like a big swirling cloud. I could not concentrate on one thing. It was so crazy.  

The only down sides were the day after. I still felt messed up, only it was not as fun. It was scary in which I thought I had done permanent damage. Next time I would lower my dosage and do it with people around so i do not wig out again. All in all this has to be the best drug I have done, combining 3 of the funnest drugs (alcohol, E, and acid).