I do not use drugs very often, but I have always been fascinated by hallucinogens.  So when the opportunity to try some shrooms came up, I decided that I wanted to do it.  I was excited about it for the whole week before.  The night of, my friends and I bought the shrooms and returned to one of my friends houses after buying cigarettes.  We ate the shrooms (an eighth each) at eleven thirty at night, chasing them with beer.  I also took a thousand milligrams of vitamin c, but my friends did not.  Three of us had never tried shrooms before, and one of us had done them numerous times.  My friend's girlfriend did not take any.

I began to feel a bit strange after twenty minutes.  I began to act a bit randomly and impulsively.  I went outside and two of my friends followed.  They were talking to each other and I wandered into the front yard to look a the trees.  The sun was setting, and they looked a bit more real than trees usually do.  I walked closer to the tree and I saw faces in the bark.  They didn't move, but wherever I looked it was apparent that the tree was staring back at me.  I said hello before I realized that the tree obviously was not happy with my being there, so I scurried back inside.  By this time I was shivering rather violently, so I sat down on the couch to try to warm up.  I had an intense body high; it felt like electricty was shooting through my legs and up my chest.  I was very tense.

The strangest thing that happened all night was when two of my friends needed to get their cigarettes from my other friend and his girlfriend's room.  They sent me to get them as they followed behind.  I yelled at the door (though I thought that I was whispering) that they needed their cigarettes and they were nagging me to get them.  My friend and his girl opened the door, and I must have looked pretty fucked up, because the girl started to usher me into the hall while offering comforting remarks.  They asked me where the other two were, and I realized that I had no idea where they were.  They had disappeared.  I felt a sense of acute shock and fear, and I felt horribly alone.  Everything was blue, and when the shock came I heard a loud noise, sort of like a gong, but more ominous and terrifying.

After wandering around the house for a bit in a sort of confused, paranoid stupor, I decided that I had to listen to some music.  My friends parents were upstairs, so I couldn't listen to anything loud, and one of my friends was making out with his girlfriend in their room, where the stereo was.  I played guitar to make up for it, but I was still shaky, and it was extremely difficult.  Eventually it became too much, as the sounds coming from the guitar were very surreal, and every time I knocked the un-trimmed strings on the top of the guitar I could hear the scratchy echo all around me.

Laying on the couch I began to peak.  For about a half of an hour I lay there writhing, thinking irrational, nonsensical thoughts.  It was unlike anything I had ever experienced before.  I felt as if I was going to explode at any moment, and it was very important that I held it in.  

After an eternity of anxiously convulsing on the couch I went and interrupted my friend in his room.  They were done doing whatever they had been doing, and so I sat down and began to write as I ate strawberries.  This is what I wrote while I listened to clair de lune.

There are so many strawberries.  So many to choose from, you see, so many.  It is not a question of their colour, or of their breadth, but they possess a sort of coastal spirit which is impenetrable by me as of yet.  I eat them still, because they are tasty.

Cody and Brandon smell of stale spilt cigarettes, idiots amuck and run aground by their own brown idiocy.  if you were here you would understand what I mean by the word 'brown'.  Terrible that I am unable to express myself fully.  I am gaining more control of myself.  This is not really a full hallucinogenic experience, but instead it is a surreptitious and surreal twisted change in the general ambience of the room.  I am making sure that I do not speak in movie cliches.  I see nothing, except the occasional shifty shadow creeping behind my back.  I feel nothing (ah, but that is a lie).  I speak in very flowery and exaggerated terms because they are appropriate to who I am.

The girl named () is beautiful.  She's very pink and yellow and orange and not at all any of those rotten dark colors.  She glows and she is fairly benevolent.  By this I mean she is like a fairy.  Sort of.  I sound like a goddamn retard.  There.  I let it spill.  Enough of the fucking flowery speaking, let's have some honesty, for god's sake.

I pee a lot.  Everybody pees a lot, but not as much as me.  I am like the old man.  Kate is sulking right now, staring ahead at her closed-minded gloom.  She is very sure that she is right about her dark surroundings, and it is sad.  I will build a wall, because otherwise her gloom will pervade my spirit.  Plus, I want to fucking bone her and I can't and it sucks ass.  I wish I could play the piano.  They don't understand! (Cody and Brandon).  I have to include footnotes so that I know what I mean.

I am insane.  Clair de Lune is wondrous.  I am glad that the most intense phase of the trip has passed.  I am a little bit more in control.  The anxiety running up my legs has cooled down.  Swallowed some of its former drops of beady sweat, you see.  Maybe you will remember the visual, Joe.  Everything smells like strawberries.  But I know that amidst all this wonder, the truth is, I am fucked up.  None of this is real.  But sober life is just as beautiful, if you know where to look.  I get this feeling when I listen to Clair de Lune in real life, too.  Dreams are nice.  When you read this tomorrow morning, you will say 'Jesus Christ.  What a fucking retard.  What a loony.'  I can predict that you will be embarrassed that you wrote any of this.'

After writing that I was fairly calm and in control, but still tripping a fair amount.  This was about an hour and a half into the trip.  My vision had basically returned to normal.  While I was peaking I occasionally saw double and had trouble maintaing focus, because as I focused on things they shifted and changed colors.

As the trip winded down I asked one of my friends if he wanted to go smoke some weed, because I heard that prolonged the trip.  Plus, I was still extremely tense.  We walked out to the truck in the driveway and both took a few hits each.  Everything instantly mellowed out.  It was as if a soft filter had been thrown between the harsh unreality of the mushrooms and my now tender psyche.  I was pretty stoned, as I rarely smoke pot, and I couldn't stop laughing.  I made a whole lot of stupid remarks, such as 'you know what's funny?  We're in the blueberry room [my friend's house is a bed and breakfast] but we're eating strawberries!'  It wasn't really that funny.

For the next few hours I mostly just tried to go to sleep as my two friends watched Go.  I can't sleep with the TV on, and they can't sleep with it off.  Eventually I fell asleep, five hours after ingesting the shrooms.  I awoke at eleven thirty the next morning feeling pretty good, although my thoughts were a bit slow.

In retrospect I am very glad that I tried shrooms, as it was a sensation totally unlike any I had ever had before.  For five hours I dwelt in a world that made no sense and was subject to the whims of my subconscious and its reactions to the psilocybin.  If you are interested in trying hallucinogens, give mushrooms a try.  At the very least, it's incredibly interesting.