I have yet to experience any strong effects from 2C-T-21. This report is about inactivity at dosages that should, according to other experience reports, be very active. All my research chemicals have been gathered from the same source, and it does not seem the vendor is selling anything but close to pure chemicals. I would suppose that if something in the research chemical business were cut, it would be by a clearly visible portion, not an unnoticeable margin. The vendor is not especially trustworthy, but it would seem odd to sell some unpopular chemicals cut, and the more common ones (like DOI, DiPT,  Bromo-Dragonfly) pure. Of course I might be wrong, but on this assumption everything so far has been pure, and working on that assumption has proven to be right in almost all cases. 

2C-T-4 is another chemical for me that has the same kind of inactivity in common dosages. Might it be related to their relatively similar molecular structure and my unique biochemistry? In any case, dosages of 8-15mg of 2C-T-21 have not yet held any really unique effects. Tolerance may have been a part of the reason in some cases, but I believe that a week of abstaining from almost every psychoactive substance before ingesting 15mg took tolerance out of the question. Coffee, tea and an occasional beer were allowed in the week, and I smoked half a gram of cannabis the day before. It should be noted that the 15mg is only my close assumption, and the error margin may be as much as +-3mg due to technical problems and lack of notes. Not very much can be said about the quality of effects even at that dose, because they seem be lacking something that I am unable to define, but can clearly notice. The presence of that undefinable 'something' would be a +3 for me, though I rarely see a need to use the Shulgin scale and thus am a bit unfamiliar with it. 

My first experience with 2C-T-21 was from the residue from a container, and not before the contents of that container were as well as practically possible disposed of to another container. The main idea is, I tried to transfer the chemical as well as possible from a (broken) bag to another, but with a chemical as powerful as 2C-T-21, I thought that even the smallest residue might have some effects. I have no idea what that would be in milligrams, but it certainly was not over 5mg, which my rather cheap +-1mg digital scale detected was missing. I really can not trust this scale to be very accurate with sub 10mg amounts, and I did not take notes. Measurements aside, even that kind of dosage held some effects, though very subtle and indefinable. 

The 15mg dosage after the week-long hiatus is what aroused my interest - it was directly comparable to the small residue dosage. A clear lack of that undefinable 'something'. It seems as though the dose/response curve were not as steep for me as it commonly is for this substance. The same, lower than usual dose/response curve is the case with 2C-T-4. I could certainly feel the effects of 10mg, maybe even less, but I need a bit over 20mg for true effects. In any case, the effects of 15mg of 2C-T-21 were only somewhat more intense that that of 8mg. According to other reports, this should not be the case, and no one should jump to higher dosages on any assumptions. I seem to be a somewhat distinct case in this matter.

Regarding the quality of effects, 2C-T-21 seems a pleasant substance. It does not feel pushy at all on the low dosages I have tried, and it does not have any qualities that would make higher dosages seem any more unpleasant. The more profound effects I have yet to explore, but I believe this chemical has as much potential as 2C-T-4. On the assumption that the dose/response curve seems to be somewhat less steep for me, I will try higher dosages - perhaps 18mg the next time. The intend of this experience report is not to speculate on effects I have yet to feel, it is meant to point out a potential irregularity in perceived dose/response curve. I am interested to find out more.