I've been hesitant to try Meth even thought most of my drug experiments have been positive. In my area (Northern Arizona) there are quite a few tweekers who have let their use of the drug get way out of control. While drinking with a friend a few days ago I suggested that he find some Meth. He made some calls and late that night it came, he took his portion and left me with what I had paid for. I had been drinking all night and was more concerned with sleeping than getting really messed up. 

Today, completly sober and with a little food in my stomach I tried the Meth I acquired that night. I'm not sure of the dosage, all I can say is that I took about %60 of what I had (I think I had a 'regular dosege'). I have an aversion to snorting drugs so I decided to take it orally.  I washed it down with some OJ and watched some TV. A little over half an hour later I started to feel a steadily building energy. For me it wasn't a rush but a mild euphoria and a big boost in energy. I cleaned my room and much of the house and just felt generally more useful. I didn't hesitate to do mundane tasks like I normally would. I then called up a girl I just met and asked her to a movie. We met up and I noticed that I wasn't nervous, instead I felt like I was more engaging, talkative but not babbling, probably because of the slight euphoria combined with energy.

Apparently the most common method for taking speed is snorting which gives an actual rush but I'm very satisfied with my low-dose taken orally, it has been satisfying and interesting. I've retained all my ability to focus but letting my mind wander with music is also fun. 

The negative effects have been mild, some slight jaw clenching, and a very mild shaking of the hands and sometimes feet, nothing too obvious.  I've also been sweating some (probably because of the increased metabolism). But there hasn't been an adverse reaction. Remember to keep drinking water. 

Timeline-o-meth:
5:00pm Took approx %45 of supply

5:45pm started to feel effects 

6:00pm Took another %15 of supply

6:30pm Plateau of effects

3:00am Time of writing this, somewhat diminished effects but still  going.

Its not my drug of choice but still interesting. I would do this again......in moderation.