I don't know what has happened to the old MDA from the late 80s, but I miss it.  I had the most wonderful experiences on this chemical.  One hit, a capsule filled maybe a 1/4 of the way would keep me rushing (eyes shaking back and forth and rolling back in the head, teeth chattering, intense body waves of pleasure) for up to 24 hours.  I felt absolute love for everyone and everything.  We would go across the street from the dance club to a convenience store where we would buy single roses and then give them to people we had never met before and then sit and talk to them for hours.  Making plans for the future together (MDA promises)  The visuals were fantastic.  

 [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]  

Once on a drive from Seattle to Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, with 3 other friends, we stopped at every rest area and took another capsule, totalling a gram each by the time we reached our destination.  A club where I was to dj that night.  When we arrived the building was breathing.  In the car on the way there we had shared hallucinations, a suggestion would cause us all to see the same thing.  One girl was wearing a sweater with elephants on it.  The elephants trumpeted and raised their trunks.  Curls of neon color would begin in the ear and travel all over the body.  A cloud turned into a dragon and swooped down to engulf the car.  I drove for awhile and would see people standing in the freeway, when I  would hit them they would melt into the car.  We had no difficulty diffentiating between reality and hallucinations.  It was a marvellous dream state.  

And then suddenly it just disappeared and was no longer available.  The  so-called MDA that became available and is still sometimes available is a joke, nothing at all like the old MDA.  NOTHING.  I wish I knew what has happened to it.