After not reading for a while, I tried to catch up with the news and read several negative posts concerning Hawaiin Babay Woodrose Seeds, so I thought I'd relate my experience with them. First off, my one time with them (Havent really had 8 hours to blow on them), about 2 weeks ago had some litigating circumstances which could have effected them. First I had only 2 hours of sleep the night before, and second I took 8 of them (with the white fungus coating scraped off) at about midnight. About 3 minutes after completely chewing them, I began feeling really slow and lazy, and got pretty hot and uncomfortanble(i had not taken any dramamine). I got the dry heaves a few times, but since I hadnt eaten in hours, I was OK. 

After about 40 minutes of this hot, nauseous really lazy feeling, with no trippy results, I said, forget it! and went to bed. About an hour and a half later I woke up feeling like I was on a boat in a hurricane. My equilibrium was completely out of whack, so I got up to get some water. When I went into the bathroom and looked in the mirror, I saw that my pupils were the size of the entire iris, so guessing that the seeds had worked, I stepped back about a foot and began to stare at myself to see what would happen. Unfortunately, I had taken my lenses out to go to sleep so I was now nearly blind, however, sure enough, I began to warp and twist and invert into myself. I also noticed at this point that the dizzy feeling was gone and now I actually felt rather euphoric. 

I noticed that the walls were breathing rather gently. I spent the next few hours experimenting and pretty much determined that I could will what would happen (i.e., I could stare at my hand and make my fingers grow really long, etc). I spent a few minutes talking to the ceiling (those circular light holes sure look like mouths, especially when their breathing). I only got to talk to one person that night and the floor was breathing, and he kept rising and falling about a foot and a half up and down, rather amusingly. 

Anyway, by four or so I began feeling really tired so I tried to go back to bed. Unfortunately I couldnt stay asleep for more than a few minutes at a time as anytime I laid down, that dizzy, off balance feeling returned, yet whenever I stood or sat, I felt really close to euphoria. Finally got to sleep at about 8, and didnt wake up until 3 or so, and felt really strung out the rest of the day.

Im hoping that next time I try these, its with sleep, and dramamine and a little earlier in the day, but overall I rather enjoyed the exp.