I got my seeds in an online auction at $13 (including s/h) for 2800 seeds.  I went over to a friend's house to try them, and a friend of his from some faraway place (Maryland, I think) was visiting at the time so he took some too, but I won't go into his trip as he wasn't extremely vocal about his trip.  I had seen dosages ranging from 50-300 to 100-500 seeds online, so I decided to start with relatively small dose to determine the potency of the seeds and how my body would respond to them (another factor included in this decision was my tolerances to other drugs.  In my experience I have very low tolerance, enough that a dime-sized nugget or brown-green herb can get me pretty damn stoned.  Alcohol is also unusually potent for me).  I counted out 150 seeds (this was quite tedious, by the way).  I chewed and swallowed them all over a period of about 10 minutes (they didn't have an extremely pronounced flavor, which is fine when I first began chewing them, but became almost nauseating by the time I finished).  I rinsed my mouth out and awaited my trip.

One of the initial effects was nausea, which wasn't a surprise (I had read about the nausea online).  It didn't proceed much beyond the point of a slightly upset stomach, and faded as I was peaking.

I will say now that my trip was something of a disappointment in that there were no great perceptual changes (which were my sole reason for trying Morning Glory in the first place).  The ceiling of my friend's room was somewhat ripply, but that was about the extent of the visuals.

It wasn't a total loss though.  About an hour after I ate the seeds I began to feel a pronounced detachedness.  I spent 3 hours or so contentedly listening to Jimi Hendrix amd sitting on the couch and looking around, for a while laying with my back on the seat of the couch and my feet propped up on the back.  At one point the CD began to skip and play the same minute or so long segment of 'Purple Haze' over and over, and it took me 45 minutes to notice.  I later got up and went to my friend's computer and began messing with his friends on AIM.  This amused me greatly but soon became boring.  I munched on a bag of ranch doritos for a while.  I remember the flavor being pronouncedly vivid and somewhat papery at the same time.  I bored of eating doritos after a while and sat down at the dreamcast.  I was still very detached.  I remember noting to myself (that I was able to notice this is a sign that the dosage was NOT enough) that in the game I was content to let myself die (or crash, or whatever) without feeling any loss (making the game somewhat meaningless).  I also remember that, when playing Soul Caliber, I couldn't really connect what buttons I was pushing with the game.  I could control the movement (the joystick, right-left-up-down), but had trouble connecting the buttons with their effects in the game.  Nonetheless, I played the game for quite some time.

The general detatchedness continued for around 8 hours, longer than such a trip is supposed to last.  I described it to my friend at the time as feeling really stoned, but without the loss of energy.  Around 3 that morning we went out for breakfast at one of the 24-7 restaurants after which I went to sleep.

I woke up in the morning (around 10) and drove home.  I had no 'flashbacks' of any sort.  I mention this because, following a really nice trip I had on a heavy dose of a product I bought online (not an herb, an actual chemical of some sort that has since been banned by the FDA), I had brief flashbacks (where I would feel for half-a-second or so as I did while tripping) for about 24 hours afterwords.

The only negative effect I experienced during the trip was an odd cramping on the insides of my thighs (similar to bruising or cramping).  This was gone by morning and didn't really bother me as a result of my mental state.