I had been planning this evening for some time. We started the evening by chilling in a park smoking a joint with some strong weed in order to easy some tension. The weed hit me really hard. I've been smoking for one and a half years but this hit me rather hard and I was instantly stoned.<!--  For two, J1 and A of the three people, J1, A and B I was smoking with it was their second time smoking but it didn't seem to have any effect on them. B was almost as fucked up  as I was.-->

Now we started heading for the rave we were going to. <!-- We met up with J2, T and some other people I don't know. -->The trip there took three hours<!--  and when we were on a public train J1 all of the sudden got REALLY stoned and started talking about really weird things like: 'The train is actually triangular shaped in order to prevent it from crashing!' Now we tried to calm him down as there were loads of people around and eventually it worked-->. When going off a ferry and heading for a bus a car dropped down one of the windows and the driver shouted: 'I hope there aren't any techno people around here?' with a huge smile on his face. I now realized I was going to the perfect environment to roll for the first time. I now realized I was going to the perfect environment to roll for the first time.

When we got to the party it was almost empty. It was 22.00 and we were some of the first people to get there. We chilled a bit and I was offered another joint. I didn't say no of course. An hour later they started selling 3 nitrous balloons for about $2.

I stood up but decided to sit down while inhaling my first balloon ever. With the first balloon I didn't feel much. My second killed me and I heard the music turning really weird with a pulsating sound on top of it reminding me of a sound which one can easily achieve with a synthesizer.

I kept doing balloons ‘til I lost track of how many I had inhaled but at the same time I was searching for someone who'd sell me an E. 

It wasn't until 3.25 in the morning, after another joint and several balloons that I finally held a really small tablet in my hand. My friend identified it as a Tasmanian devil. He said it probably wasn't very strong but still I decided to start of by swallowing the half at first. As I stood there, in the toilets, my hand shaking with the little white dot in my hand and a Red Bull in my other hand, I realized I was scared, a lot. My hand started shaking. J2 stood beside me and tried to calm me down. Then I thought: "What the heck, it isn't as if I'll die!" and swallowed half of it.

Then I sat down. I felt really tense so I went to the bar and got some balloons.  About 45 minutes after I had swallowed the first half I thought it had hit me but it hadn't been strong enough for me to feel anything so I swallowed the other half. Then the first half hit me.

I sat down at the time but then I felt a huge chill coming from the base of my back going up my spine. I instantly felt as if I had woken up and my mind turned from stoned and buzzy from the balloons to hyper clear. Then things got really weird. From this time I only recall some of my friends saying things like: "Okay, It's definitely hit him", "Damn that shit has to be REALLY strong, where can I get some?" and "Are you sure he's okay, his jaw is really fucked up!" <!-- One thing I remember was watching a guy swinging glowsticks attached to chains. Suddenly the chains got stuck to each other and he moved in what seemed to be lightspeed to the soft armchairs that we were sitting in. "Now we have some serious mechanical problems!" he said to me with a smile on his face. After fiddling around with it for a while he gave up and gave it to my friend who instantly solved it (he wasn't on anything).-->

After coming down a bit  instead of just sit down and enjoy the heavenly bliss I got around to get some more balloons. Now they were giving refills! And suddenly, the DJ put on one of my favorite psytrance tracks, so I started dancing.

This was an incredible feeling. I imagined all the people dancing around me as bionic vessels for our alien souls which seemed to hover a few decimeters above the person dancing if he was on E. I saw this one guy who was really speedy and jumping all over the place. He had a huge smile on his face and me and him gained what I'd call a spiritual bonding when the crazy-ass DJ decided to speed up the tempo a lot. It was just me and him dancing. We were the only ones used to such high-tempos. Now I don't recall what happened really after this until I was on the bus home at 9 in the morning. After a few hours of sleep I woke up and felt better than I ever had before.

This experience has changed me a lot. I'm much more relaxed now. I'm not as depressed as I used to be and I'm generally a more emphatic person.