After reading and experientially confirming an intrepid colleague's praise of Moclobemide as an effective potentiator of 2C-B , I became quite intrigued by the prospect of using it as the MAOI in an ayahuasca analogue. Moclobemide seems to have three distinct advantages in my mind over other possible MAOI choices. First of all, it is very easy on the body, not seeming to cause the same degree of nausea/stomach upset that is normally associated with most other MAOIs. Secondly, it is much safer in terms of potential food interactions; a quick review of the medical literature reveals that it is not considered necessary to refrain from tyramine-containing foods when taking Moclobemide. I personally have eaten pizza and consumed caffeinated beverages in the after-phase of Moclobemide experiments with no ill effects. Finally, at the doses necessary to potentiate other entheogens (75-150 mg) it seems to be hardly psychoactive at all in its own right in my opinion, allowing one to experience a very clean high of the potentiated material without adding a noticeable signature of its own. This, in my mind, is an important advantage over the harmala alkaloids, which have a very strong sedative effect of their own that is superimposed upon anything that they are taken with. 

So anyways, yesterday evening I decided to conduct an experiment to determine whether Moclobemide would indeed be effective in making DMT orally active. I began by ingesting one 150 mg. tablet of Moclobemide. This was double the amount that my colleagues and myself have found to be sufficient to potentiate 2C-B, but I was taking no chances, since my supply of DMT was limited enough to prevent another try if I were to encounter what Jonathan Ott has called 'the dreaded underdose.' An hour after taking the Moclobemide, I ingested 150 mg. of synthetic NN DMT in a glass of distilled water. Initial effects were felt in twenty minutes or so, building to a peak within forty-five minutes to an hour after ingestion. I wish that I could report a transcendentally ecstatic result from this experiment, but that was not to be the case. It was perhaps the most terrifying psychedelic experience that I can recall. The best metaphor that I can come up with for what I went through is that of an alien abduction. It felt as though I was being examined and probed by a cold, unemotional, foreign presence whose intentions were unclear but seemed very sinister at the time. It was inasive and very disturbing, almost like a psychic rape. The predominant feeling tone was quite dark and foreboding. I was experiencing a slight degree of stomach upset from the DMT, and vomited near the hour point. I could see some of the DMT that presumably had not been digested in the container into which I had vomited. After I vomited, the effects gratefully seemed to subside, and I felt as though I was thankfully returning to baseline much quicker than I had expected. 

However, this apparent reprieve was only a temporary tease. About thirty minutes or so after vomiting, I felt as though I was nearly down, and I ate a hard-boiled egg. Ten minutes or so after eating the egg, the DMT somehow kicked back in, quickly building to a second peak that was easily as intense as the first, if not more so. This experience was not quite as horrifying as the previous one, but was still quite different than the normally ecstatic effects that I associate with smoking DMT. At the peak, the effects were nearly as intense as smoked, but without the 'ton of bricks' effect of rising to the peak in seconds, since it built more gradually over approximately twenty minutes. This second peak lasted close to another hour, and then tapered off over another thirty minutes. The high was quite different than my previous ayahuasca experience with caapi and viridis. It was a much cleaner and clearer DMT high this time, without the 'soft filter' of the beta-carbolines slowing down/clouding things. There was no physical or mental hangover of any sort that I could discern from this combination. Today I feel fine, although still a little shaken from the content of the experience. I look forward to hearing other psychonauts' reports from this combination.