Background:
I am 16 the only drugs I've tried other then this is cannabis frequently for the last while and alcohol once, t3's orally for awhile (ran out) and I tried taking nutmeg orally. Got about 2 spoon full down then the next one I spit up to no effect.

Earlier this day:
I haven't eaten since about 6 1/2 hours ago so I have empty stomach, I smoked cannabis bout 7 1/2 hours ago (should be back at baseline). That's the last of my cannabis. I am really bored and I don't like being sober and read both good and bad reports smoking it so if I don't have to taste it decided I'd try it.

Bowl Size: 
width and length = 1 inch
depth = 1 cm

Timeline:

t+0:00
I smoked my first bowl, nutmeg is really flammable. When I lit it it stayed lit the whole time, I had to put it out with bottom of lighter. I took quite a few hits, couldn't keep up with the burning but got quite a bit. Also I agree with the statement of it being heavy smoke, I didn't find it harsh on the throat like cannabis the first time but more harsh directly on the lungs. Burns my nostrils when exhaling through nose.

t+0:01
It really stinks just like nutmeg so I wet my pipe. Gonna let it dry but needed stink out. Had a drink of water.

t+0:02
No effects noticed except slight light headedness. Gonna smoke another bowl.

t+0:03
Smoked second bowl doesn't get any easier on the throat really, didn't burn as easily, because I washed it but it did burn but no less harsh but a bit of chunks of nutmeg washed into my mouth while inhaling (ew!)

t+0:05
Mild marijuana like high, spacey mainly. I ate a banana, hungry but not from nutmeg just from not eating for awhile.

t+0:15
No more effects, want better so I did another half of bowl.

t+0:40
No more effects again the same, did another full bowl, decided that's the last if it doesn't work with 3.5 bowls it's not worth it.

t+1:20
Went for a walk to avoid parents, felt a little nauseas but that's gone.

t+1:50
I feel like I'm back at baseline.

Good Parts:
mild high

Bad parts:
harsh smoke
nauseas (not too bad)
heavy smell
bit of bad taste
short high
need to smoke too much for effects