Well, just recently I have gotten into mind/soul bending drugs such as ecstasy, and ghb.  One day online I was going through Erowid's Experience Vault, and noticed Nutmeg.  I figured it was some alteration of the household spice, but when I read up on it, I found out I was wrong.  I read some of the experiences and it seemed some people had a good time, some had bad, so I figured why the hell not, and the next day I went to the store.  First, I'd like to say that I'm glad I only wasted 75 cents on this experiment.

After I got home I mixed up the Nutmeg powder with some juice drink.  Wow!  Did that nutmeg powder smell strong. Hoping it tasted better than it smelled, I took a huge mouthful.  The gag-reflex came into play, and I almost puked it up. After 20 minutes of forcing the potpourri flavored sand down my throat, I decided that I was really tired and going to lie down.  I really don't remember how long I laid down for, but when I woke up all I remember is I had to pee.  Well, I staggered to the bathroom as if I just drank a bottle of vodka.  While I'm peeing I get this incredible head rush and feel like I'm going to faint.  I quickly sit down while the headrush escalates, as well as the buzzing noise in my head.  Then it just slowly dies out.
I was kind of curious at this point, if this is what it's going to be like or will it get better?  After this I wobbled downstairs and got on the computer.  As I was staring at the screen, it was making me so incredibly dizzy that I gave up and went upstairs to go back to bed.  

I'd say this is where it gets the worst.  After I laid down some more, the next day or so is a total blur.  I'm not even positive as to what I did, who I talked to, anything.  I slept a lot more than usual.  I barely remember when I was on the phone with a friend I got mild hallucinations.  It seemed like the wall was breathing, and I had this blow-up blimp floating from the ceiling, and it looked as if that was floating in space.  There are a few things I'm not sure happened, like going to the kitchen, up and down the stairs, talking to people on the phone.  I had absolutely no short-term memory at all.  It's really difficult to tell whether this was reality or a dream at times.

Overall I'd say the experience wasn't worth it.  I mean, it was something to tell people about the next day...well not NEXT day, but when I sobered up.  I definitely got the drunk, hard to walk or do anything feeling, but it wasn't a good drunk.  It was a bad 'the room is spinning and I'm nauseated' feeling.  The hallucinations were so mild that I really don't know if they were even hallucinations, or just me hoping they were.  I still have cotton-mouth 2 or so days after.  Oh, one thing that was definitely a plus was it seemed that food tasted better.  Like my sense of taste was heightened.  If I ever did decide to do it again, I'd lower the dose, not take it all at once, and try to do it earlier in the day.  I wish I could have given some sort of time-line with my story, but it was hard enough trying to recall just the little bit that I did remember.