This is the first time I tried shrooms. Me and my three friends got two 8ths, and split it up evenly. We ate them in peanut butter sandwiches at around 5:50 in my friends house on a saturday night. We watched tv till about 6:25 when we started to feel them a little. We all became hot and uncomfortable, so we decided to go outside. As soon as we made it downstairs to put our boots on, it began to really hit us, or at least me. As I was putting on my boots, I couldnt stop laughing. As I looked at my friend, I kept seeing some black figure out of the corner of my eye standing up behind me as I was bent over. As we went outside, we remembered how much it had snowed, and were amazed at our surroundings. We walked up half a block, when we all got really cold. We decided we had to go back in, and so walked back to my friend's house. I was in a good mood, and laughing hysterically until I got upstairs.

When we got uptairs, we turned the lights off and began watching tv. I remembered all the things I had read online about what you feel when your on shrooms. First I had the tingly feeling in my neck I had read about. Then I began to feel nauseous, as I had also read. I tried to forget about these bad feelings, and enjoy the hallucinations I was having. The lights were off in the room, and my focus was completely on the tv. The hallucinations got much heavier within 10 minutes. At first, I wasnt sure if what I was seeing was actually on the tv, or if I was hallucinating. When I realized that the tv shows werent actually showing the things I was seeing, I got scared. I couldnt watch the tv because I didnt like what I was seeing. 

So I began to look aroud the room. Everything I saw was blurry, and the faces I saw on posters on the wall were moving. I was not scared of what I was seeing now, though. What I started to stare at-or what I saw first was a cross. There was a set of three small lights attached to a horizontal bar on the wall. Under that was a vertical space between two posters. The exposed wall and the set of lights formed a cross in my mind, and it stood out from all the other things in the room. I think I stared at this for about a half hour or so, thinking of my life. As I thought of my life, I changed moods. At times I had a smile on my face, and was happy, then other times I began to shake my head in sadness. Then I realized how long I had stared at this cross. I was shocked, and thought that it meant something. I thought maybe it was God conveying a message to me.

The moodiness I was experiencing kept up. My mood and face changed with everything I thought of. I was silent most of the time, just in deep thought. My friends were also, except for some stupid attempts to make conversation now and then. I knew they were scared, and thats why they tried to make conversation with each other, to try to forget about what they were thinking and seeing. I felt the same way, but did not talk. I enjoyed listening to them talk. Everything they said, I analyzed and thought of how they felt, and exactly why they said what they said. I was happy when they talked, and sad when they didnt. To try to make my self feel happy, I stared at more objects in the room. Mostly, I was focusing more on my thoughts than what I was seeing. I was never really thinking about what I was seeing, I was thinking about life and myself. I had alot of deep thoughts. 

At some point, I realized that my head had been horizontal, leaning to the right on the couch. I kept it like that because it felt like I would have thrown up if I tried to move it. At the thought of throwing up, I had a strange feeling in my mouth. It was like I had remembered I had a mouth and was feeling it with my tongue for the first time in a while. It felt much bigger. It felt like my tongue was just wondering around some big cave. I felt nauseous again after doing this, so I stopped. One of my friends had already thrown up and so I tried as hard as I could not to. 

We sat in my friends room for about 4 and a half hours. We whole trip was spent there, just bugging out. Time went very slow. I remember staring at things for what seemed to be hours and was only minutes. I know I had to have stared at the cross for about an hour though. Whenever I stared at it, I thought of so many things: my life, my consience, God, my friends, my family, etc. It was very enlightening. 

At 11 oclock, we had to go home. I walked out with my friends, and I went to the train alone. It took me 15 mins to get home. I came home hoping more than anything that my parents were not awake. But I came in to find all the lights on, my dad watching tv, and my mom on the computer in my room. It was awful. I rushed to the bathroom and looked at my eyes in the mirror. I was horrified. My pupils were humungous. You could not see any of the green color in my eyes because my pupils took up the whole eye. I figured I would take a bath and wait till my parents were asleep so I could go to bed without them seeing my eyes.

As I walked to the other bathroom, my mom reminded me that I had to shovel around my building. I was so mad. After refusing help from my dad, I went outside and started shoveling. My pupils have never been this big, I thought, and I couldnt let my parents see my eyes because it would be too obvious. It seemed like I had shoveled for about 20-25 minutes, so I went back inside. As I walked to my room, my dad caugh a glimpse of my eyes, but didnt seem to notice anything. I closed the door in my room, turned on some music, and hopped into bed. I just wanted to sleep and stop worrying about my parents. Luckily, they did not come in to see me. I went to my bed at 12:15, and did not fall asleep until 4 am. I couldnt tell if my eyes were open or closed, all I saw was black. 

When I woke up the next morning, I felt fine. IT was a great experience. It has changed the way I think and make decisions. I never rush, just take things slowly now. I remember thinking that my mind may stay like this forever when I was shrooming. But I was happy to find that my mind was only improved. I am very glad I tried shrooms. I am 16 and have been a pothead for about a year and half. Doing shrooms brought me out of a lazy, tired, reluctant life I was living as a pothead. I still smoke, but now I just feel better when I do.