We were at school and sitting in my friend's room with a few guys and one of them said they had a lot of Adderall. One kid jumped up and begged the guy for some and he gave him 50 mg (5 tablets). I walked upstairs and I was really nervous. I snorted a 10 mg line and felt nothing. I did another one and just waited. They told me that it would take like 20 minutes. So I threw in a big chew and sat down. 15 minutes later, my body started to tingle a bit and I felt really alert and outgoing. We talked for a little while about politics for some odd reason. We then went downstairs and purchased some from the same guy (50 more mgs for $25). We went into the room and crushed the Adderall up in a desk and I did 20 more mgs. Three other kids split the rest. I started talking very rapidly and my mouth was dry as hell. I threw out my chew and filled a Nalgene bottle with water. I felt so great from my head to my toes.

I would put my hand on my head for like 5 seconds and let it go and it felt like it was still there. I then went back to my room at about 1 am and played Snood on my computer for two hours strait. I also talked on the phone with about 5 different people. At 3 am, the fire alarm went off and we all had to go outside. About 7 kids had blue noses, it was pretty funny. But I couldn't laugh, just pretend to laugh. We went and got 75 mgs at about 3:30 and then I did 10-10-10 mgs in like 20 minutes. I felt so happy and just incredible. I had only smoked shitty pot before doing this so it was an incredible feeling.

We tried to watch a movie but we just couldn't shut the fuck up. So we put on some Patrice and just sat there and we all relaxed and just talked about random shit. We were blabbing away. I went downstairs and got 10 more mgs for some reason. We just couldn't help ourselves  because it was there and we wanted to keep it going. By that time it was 5:30 and I had drank about 6 bottles of water because of the dry mouth. I had one chew in for 3 hours strait! (that is a very long time). We all felt so great and just stayed up the next day (all day). I cleaned my room very tidily and took 3 Tylenol PM and went to sleep for a while. I woke up with cramps in my neck and arms. I felt pretty shitty but I just wanted more for the next day. Amphetamines are very addictive and I have been using between 20 and 40 mg every few days since. If you're going to do amphetamines, just take them orally before you drink and get fucked up. They are very very addictive.