my night started usual, just chillen with some freinds. we had some bags, my freind was prescribed 20 miligram pills of Adderall and had them on her. I did alot of concerta and dexetrin so i knew what to expect. I dropped the first 3 pills at 6:35 p.m. and within 20 minutes i felt a nice little boost. so i decided to take 2 more. i now had 100 miligrams in my body. my leg started to twitch a little and i became the conversationalist of the group. While 6 of my freinds smoked i just sat there telling stories with everyone on edge listening, and then i felt the full effects. an immediate adrenaline rush smacked my body from the top of my head to my feet and i was in bloodboiling mode. i could have done anything. i started smokign ciggarettes one right after another like a crackfiend until 3 quarters of the pack was gone. i had become so dehydrated that i began to drink orange juice that i found in my freinds fridge. i drank, and drank, and drank, until i killed half of it. 

Then i went out and testdrove my freinds car. Driving with 100 miligrams of Adderall pumping through my veins was on of the hottest things i have ever done. i felt like an invincable wheelman driving to the phatest party in town with the music blasting and all my freinds in the car, when in reality i was just driving around. i began to see mild hillucinations of bursts of colors that werent there so i went back to ym friend house. 

when i arrived home that night i listened to some underground rave and then went to lay in my bed. I was the common insomniac sweatign through my sheets and shaking, but despite my uncomfortableness i was still content with the thoughts rushing through my head. everything from nightclubs to my girlfreind, i was so happy. Then when i went to pee i noticed somethign unbelievable, my d*ck had literally shrunk and shriveled up to the size of my pinky. it was 100 percent limp and i could not feel it at all. it was impossible to get an erection no matter how hard i tried. i was unbelievably scared thinking i would ahve to go to a hospital and have it removed becasue it was becomign discolored really bad, like a dirty yellow brown almost. i drank large amounts of water and went back into my bed scared shitless. This condition stayed with me all the way until the next night. i was impetant like a 90 year old male.

after researching online i found out that the citric acid form fruit juices (orange juice), and the Adderall can creat a horrible side effect of becoming  temporarily impotent. i just drank water glass after glass all day, trying to piss all the Adderall out of my body. it eventually worked and now i can get a hardon again, thankgod.

so if this happens to you, just chill out and drink mad water! your c*ck will go back to normal size and function, it just takes some time. In the end, the high was definatley worth it.