I had been looking for some form of alternative to smoking weed for a few weeks after a little run in with the law.  My friend T and I had decided to lay off the illegal stuff for a little while, just cause we couldn't afford any more trouble.  After a few weeks of reading online websites about common 'legal highs,' I finally decided to make a purchase, and selected a half ounce of wild lettuce opium. I paid $35 for the order and eagerly awaited its arrival.

A week after placing my order, the package arrived and I eagerly rolled two joints.  My friend was sleeping by the time I realized what the package was, so I decided to get a head start.  I smoked both of the joints and felt a little lightheadedness, but nothing crazy at all.  My mindset was very positive and optimistic, but I was very tired when I smoked the joints.  Therefore, I decided that since the effects seemed to be mild if at all existent, I would just get some sleep and smoke more tomorrow.

When I woke up the next day, my friend and I got right down to business.  We both went into work at six, so we decided we would smoke for a couple hours beforehand and see how good the stuff would work.  We were both very excited at this point! We decided to smoke out of a standard pipe (opium pipe) and I packed the first bowl.  I lit the bowl, breathed deep and was shocked to realize how much it smelt and tasted like weed.  We went on passing the pipe back and forth for nearly an hour.  We smoked 5 or 6 bowls of the stuff... a good deal.  We finally decided to stop smoking, and see if it would kick in. We waited and waited, but all I noticed was a mild fatigue.  Bottom line: the stuff blew.

We decided to continue smoking it throughout the next week just because I had paid $35 bucks and we had a half ounce.  I have now done it 7 or 8 times, and the bag is almost gone.  It has occasionally relaxed me when I have smoked it with a couple beers, but it is definitely nothing great.  I am overall very disappointed.  I will finish smoking the bag just cause the effects are subtle enough that I wouldnt throw it out, but I would never buy this again.

The only good thing that came out of the situation was that my friend and I were pulled over at one point, and the cop saw the bag. He, in his wiseass cop manner, said 'give me the pot,' but we were able to simply say it's not marijuana, it's a legal herb, and he had to give it back to us and let us go.  Other than this however, I truly feel that I wasted my $35 bucks!