I had tried oxycontin before in smaller doses before this experience, I had tried 10mg and 20mg both snorted. They produced pleasurable experiences but not very intense, although this was at a time when I was using pain killers fairly regularly. I recently took the 40mg oxycontin and before that I had not done any opiates in about 3-4 months.

Me and a friend we'll call him Jim decided to take them together at about 10pm, the day we got them we were so excited. We took them at my house, I snorted mine and he crushed and ate his. A few hours earlier he had drank about 5 beers. The effects took about 20 minutes to kick in for me, at first I was worried they weren't real because previous experiences hit me right away, but within an hour I was very inebriated. I could hardly move, my balance was terrible, and I was very very thirsty. The effects of the oxycontin was intense I must admit. It was much stronger than codeine, hydrocone, vicodin, oxycodone etc.

The feeling was complete content. I could have been passed out in a gutter being urinated on and I would have been happy. I could not wipe the stupid grin off my face all night. I continued to drink about 6 20oz gatorades over the course of the evening. We just sat and watched movies and were not asleep but not really all there for most of the movies we were so out of it we were basically passing out every few minutes then waking up again. Around 5am we were still strongly feeling the effects and my mother came down wondering why we were watching movies so late. Jim pretended he was asleep and I got up feeling very dizzy but was able to shrug it off to being tired to my mom. 

She went back upstairs and I went into the bathroom because moving around had made me very nauseous. I felt incredibly sick at this point, and I really had to pee, but couldn't for the life of me. I squeezed as hard as I could to piss but couldn't. I felt like I was going to burst but never could get it out. After about an hour of sitting on the toilet trying to piss and trying not to throw up I returned to my room. Before going to my room I checked on Jim but he had already left my house and drove home. [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]

He lives about 1/4 mile away and drove 5mph the whole way but this was still very dangerous.

Once I laid down the nasea subsided. I woke up the next morning at 10pm to go to class but felt like I was sick so I went back to bed until 2pm. After I woke up I realized I was not sick but still messed up from the oxycontin. This was very scary and I began worrying. It was not as strong, it was more like oxycodone at this point, still lightheaded, very relaxed etc, but I began getting paranoid since I was still messed up. I called Jim and he too was messed up still. The effects continued throughout the rest of the day and were not gone until the next day. So all in all they lasted about 34 hours or so. With the peak lasting about 7 hours (11am-6am).

I am unsure why I was not able to go to the bathroom but that could have been very dangerous. It did not happen to Jim so I am unsure if it usually occurs. However the thirst and dry-mouth was incredibly strong, I just couldn't resist. It was much more powerful than weed or opium or anything. My apetite throughout the experience was next to nothing as well.