I've been reading others' experiences and was surprised to see morning glory seeds on the list. I had no idea morning glories had hallucinogenic properties..Wooow, I thought. A cheap and easily accessible high! 

So I ran off to the store yesterday morning and bought 8 packs of Heavenly Blue morning glory seeds. I took the seeds (approx. 500 seeds) and washed them thoroughly with soap and water several times, taking special care to rinse all the soap off. Then I crushed them up using a mortar and pestle since the seeds were too big for my pepper grinder. I took the newly crushed seeds and THEN put them into the pepper grinder where they were ground into a fine yellow powder. 

I put the powder aside and went through the rest of my day, eager for later that night when I would take the seeds. When I finished working and running errands, I went to a friends house before going home and smoked 2 BIG bowls of weed. Feeling nice and stony, I proceeded on home, ready to trip.

Once home, I took the powder and mixed it with cold water, letting it sit for about an hour. It was exactly midnight at this time.. Meanwhile, I prepared for the trip by taking some kava kava and st. johns wort, followed by a light meal and plenty of water. At 1 am, I was ready... I drank... no... I CHOKED down the awful-tasting glassful of water and seed powder. It got worse as I neared the bottom of the glass where the remains of the seeds lay in a big, solid, slimy clump. I nearly gagged trying to swallow that...So then I turned on my tv and waited for the results.. 

It kicked in pretty quickly. In only about 20 minutes or so I was seeing the patterns on the wall waver a bit. No colors or anything. And I was certainly lacking that euphoric feeling that usually comes with mushrooms, lsd, E, etc... Instead I was feeling a bit nervous and my chest and stomach were tight. Around 1:40 am, I was lightheaded and a bit drowsy. I dozed off for a short period of time and when I woke up I felt heinous! My stomach was throbbing in pain, I was dizzy, sweating and shaking. Deciding that sleep was better than this, I rolled over and tried to doze off again. Unfortunately, I discovered that the only semi-comfortable position was on my back. If I rolled onto my stomach or either side, my abdomen would cramp up in the worst way. 

And so, roughly 2 hours of this followed. I tossed recklessly, unable to get comfortable. I wanted to vomit but could not will myself to get up. I tried staring at the walls again, but the slight colorless rippling effect was not enough to distract me from my aching stomach. I would in fact doze off every now and then, but only for about 10 minutes before an especially excruciating wave of pain would wake me back up. 

Finally around 4 am, I ran to the bathroom and vomited hard and uncontrollably. When I decided there couldn't possibly be anything left in my stomach, I returned to bed feeling better, but still a bit uncomfortable. I went to sleep and woke up again at 6 am. I felt sick again and the pain returned to my stomach. I ran back to the bathroom and vomited the remains. I felt better... Drinking some water, I went to bed and fell asleep comfortably (well... comfortable compared to before, that is...) and did not wake up until noon. 

Maybe I did it wrong... maybe the seeds were poisoned and I didn't get it all off when I washed them. But I definitely don't think it's worth it to give it another try. Next time I'll stick to acid.