[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.]

[Erowid Note: The "starter fluid" mentioned here is a mixture of diethyl ether and volatile hydrocarbon liquids/gases. 

The buzz that I get from ether feels like an air duster hit, but it feels so much better, and more clean.

This was my first time doing ether.

It was a Monday night, and me and my friend Nick were hanging out at my house, bored as shit and sober, wishing we had drugs. I was talking about making a fire with ether, and nick mentioned how he wanted to try huffing it. So I told him to look it up online, and we did, and after I read the first story, I had made my choice; I was going to huff ether tonight. I went downstairs and got some rags and the Vehicle igniter (ether) or what ever its called.  We went outside and sat down in my back yard and I soaked the two rags and handed one to nick. When I first huffed it, it felt like I pissed my pants because all of a sudden, the 30 degree weather felt like nothing, and I felt warmth spread from my head to my toes, inch by inch. I started getting a loud echo in my ears, and at this moment, about 45 seconds into my first rag, I felt EXACTLY like I had just taken a hit from a can of air duster.

I inhaled once more, and that changed right away. It got more intense, and I started laughing in a very high pitch laugh, and it echoed off of my house, and I felt like I was in a tunnel. I don't remember anything for about 10 minutes after that except for doing another rag. I got up and started marching around my back yard, not being able to feel anything other than my head. I sat back down and did another rag, and once again, my high stepped up. I was in a world of Deja-vu.

My life had become nothing but Deja-vu. I felt like everything I was doing had already been written into fate and I was watching my life from fate's perspective. Everything I did felt like a key fitting perfectly into place, and I get a strong feeling of being complete. After my 3rd rag, I started to understand it all, I finally understood life, why I was here, why everything was happening. I did 4 more rags but I don't really remember anything else, except that ether is by far the most intense drug I have ever done and at the moment I am in love with it, and also about to do up a few rags in a little bit.