I'm not going to get into preparation, because it is explained perfectly elsewhere on this site.  Just remember to use real lemon juice to ensure ur getting the full experience.  I've tried just crushing lemons only to experience 1/100 of the 'real' effects.  (i say 'real,' because, are they?)

After consumption, me and B sat on the couch in my basement (lots of woodgrains and stonework) and listened to Tool's Lateralus (a musical composition on borderline genius, even if u don't like their previous work).  No onset other than a mellow euphoria from the syrian rue, and a bad stomach ache.  Beginning to get a little disappointed. A little becomes VERY when the CD ends, over 70 minutes later.  Suddenly I begin to hear a wierd crackling static, which has a flanging/phasing effect on it.  Very exciting until I realize that tool has a hidden track on their cd that I had just discovered...and that it seems to be trying to emulate what it would sound like on DMT being in another room as the drummer practices some chops. (the band uses ayahuasca and peyote from what I've read, but I won't put words (or drugs) in their mouth. I get bored and warm up some chicken my mom had made.

As the cd player audibly comes to a stop...the phone rings.  I pick up, and its my boy J, telling me to hit up a party in Jersey.  We start talking, and in the backround, B says 'whaaaat theee fuuuuuckkkkkkk' in a very odd, almost slurred voicing that I've never heard him use.  With that I glance around the room, only to notice tiny sparkles, much like seeing stars after a good boxing match.  Suddenly a faint noise can be heard, popping and flanging, echoing, and crescendoing fast.  In sync with the noise, every visible figure in the room began to break up.  I had almost completely lost my figure-ground perception.  Everything was composed of tiny swirling, and jagged pieces, much like a mosaic.  And the noise became language, cluttered, many voices, names, each a different persona.  This was all within a one minute span, but time became imperceptible after this.  I was still on the phone and noticed myself speaking in this very strange voice that I had heard be utter words of disbelief in just moments ago.  The noise had grown so loud I could barely hear my friend on the phone.  I closed my eyes to escape.  

And with that, WHOOSH.  I was staring down an enormous hallway of quite impressive gothic architecture.  From the walls and ceiling, there rained down large banners of grayish-blue confetti, each had thousands of eyes on it, each a different persona. All staring straight at me, every persona behind them projecting a different emotion.  These were the halls of my own memory.  The eyes were all people I knew, showing emotions I have seen them have.  The human mind breaks down people's faces into individual features; I must have tapped in to the realm of my mind that recognizes eye expression.  Interesting. I open my eyes and it is gone.  The noise and swirling particles become even greater, as the particles begin moving their position in space, flowing like rose petals in water.  It as almost as if I am inside Van Gogh's Starry Night, and it is animated.  With that I decide that the phone is no longer interesting, and hang up, saying goodbye of course.  I had some exploring to do.  This was just the beginning.
     

Insanity followed.  I cannot describe it with words that are of our language, as it is presented in another language altogether. There were arcane images of leaders past...many of my purposes in life were revealed...not physical purposes, but aspects of my personality which cannot be changed were explained.  There really are completely different types of people.  Some with worlds so twisted, they defy our understanding...but we still share one thing in common, our existence.  The chaos around me provided a most valuable lesson.  Fuck the visuals, they are a side effect of the drug.  So are the auditory hallucinations.  They can be easily recreated using simple algorithms on the computer.  

The real magic is not the peak, the plateau, or the comedown.  It is realizing after I regain control of my mind how important it is to relinquish attempts to control insignificant (and uncontrollable) aspects of life.  

I do not recommend this entheogen to those who are ignorant.  It takes intelligence to gain anything but insanity from this.  It cannot be held as a recreational drug, because it is a serious journey through the mind.  Many of my personal anxieties and fears have been lost forever.  I am greatful.