For my trip I was with two people smoking 21x extract leaf. My friends, Jeff and Josiah, had just returned from a headshop in fort collins and they showed me the salvia. For many weeks I had wanted to try some salvia and I was very excited. We drove out into the country to our usual doobie grounds, Josiah turned off the car and packed a bowl. He fired up, took huge rip, and handed the bong to Jeff, it was glass and he didn't wanna break it.

Suddenly he started to drool a little and talk like a retard. Jeff got a bit scared so he gave me the bong. I sucked down the rest of the bowl and started to notice a feeling. It was much like a weed high, but very different, everything felt just barely off. After a minute, with no effects I was looking for, I packed a fresh bowl and took my hit. After holding it for 30 seconds I started to feel light headed, and then I was gone. 

In the dark there was nothing, no sight, no feeling. I was having a conversation with some unseen entity. Then I woke up into a new world, but the world had always been this way. The last thing I remembered is the entity telling me he quit today, which echoed through my mind. I was no longer a person, nor an object, I was the movement in my scene. I was moving forwards and backwards, and as I did, part of the scene would lift, as if tearing back part of the picture. The words echoed back from the other side of my mind 'I quit today'. 

I told myself I didn't have to keep doing this, and when the motion went backward again, I pushed it farther, trying to get out of the loop. But as I did, every time a new loop would start and I was stuck. At this point, I likened the movement to that of a mouth chewing. But I didn't know what a mouth was, nor did I have one. Then I decided to try to break free again. When the movement reached the front apex, I pulled back hard and felt pain. It was like tearing masking tape off your arm, only I was the masking tape (metaphorically of course). I wanted to explore, since I had been stuck for so long and I just found out I could change it. And then I started having realizations. 

'Are you alright?' someone said. 

I saw the real world for a second and wanted to get back there. I had to pull myself out, every time I moved my head (this was my entity at the time) time slowed and it (time and my head) would stretch from where it started to where I wanted it to go, and it was hard, like pushing it through steel. Then I started laughing, or at least my body did, but nothing was funny, I was stuck. the laughing developed into another loop and I became scared that I was yet again stuck in an endless loop, forever. Somehow I freed myself and I was back to reality again, very thankful to be there.

Throughout the trip after the black, my vision made very vivid psychadelic imagery that went with what I felt and thought. Every sense and perception effected the others and was displayed through the others. Everything was connected. But none of the words I have used here could even begin to explain the experience, it was way to powerful. It was a bit scary too, but I definitely wanna try it again.