Brief background - I've been having Reikee/energy work combined with Acupuncture work over the past few weeks to help with psychic, spiritual and body healing.  I have never had a bad experience with nitrous/gas in the past but did have an emotionally bad 'trip' with mushrooms a number of years, about 13, ago.

I felt it was time to replace the old metal fillings with current because I knew, and it was confirmed, that the metal was leaking out and into my system.  Before the dentist started I explained to the dentist that I didn't want novacane because of my hypersensative to needle/pain and honestly require at least 3x normal dose for painkillers to work, whereas in the past nitrous had worked and nonpainful.

Within about 5 or 6 minutes I had the sensation of being 'stuck' in my body, but no feelings at all through out my entire body.  I could see everything with crisp clarity but no physical feeling at all.  I told the dental assistant to write something down I know she must have thought quite odd/strange/weird... and to this day I believe it to be true and quite scarry.

'Nitrous oxide has the ability in some people to separate the spirit from the body.'

She immediately started humming or whistling or something and on the side I asked her if the gas has ever had an affect on peoples sense of time.  She must not have known because she said no but after everything was done the dentist said yes.

This was only the tip of the Day Mare... 

When the dentist started drilling everything was going ok and I could actually tell each one by gently raising my arm up which implement was causing discomfort or pain, etc.  The assistant was on my left and when she pressed a little too hard with suction tube I raised my left hand/arm and when the drilling struck a nerve I could raise my right hand/arm to let him know.  I felt happy about it because the drilling started after I felt as if I had total body numbness.

However, shortly after he started drilling they must've given me too much nitrous because when I was in the chair all sense of time, space, and dimension went totally out in which what I saw and truly experienced was a rift in reality and time with a full split down the center.  This was followed by my Day Mare in which my entire life's existance was downloaded into a computer chip, without my knowledge or consent, and stuck in an endless loop - and I was fully conscious when the full download and timeloop occured.

My reaction in reality from what the dentist told me was to go into total terror hysterics and during this time chomped down on his finger/s while he was working on my teeth.  To say the least this was quite dangerous not just for the dentist but me as well since they had not strapped me down and held my mouth open with some type of frame to keep it open... while he had the drill in hand (yikes).  Not to mention the affect my hysterics must have had on the other people in the dentist office while others were either waiting or having work done by the other one or two dentists etc.  Certainly I felt bad about how this must have affected the other people in the office - but at the same time I had a very scarry revelantion...

If the government truly has determined that nitrous can separate people's spirit or separate them from their physical body, combined with real hypnosis, and voodon or dark magicks - the stories of alian abduction and torture could be the combination of hypnosis, mind/body, spirit/body control... and another form of true torture would be to hypnotise a person after separating their spirit from their body to relive a force self induced DayMare for what would seem indefinitely.

There is also the factor in which company/ies and government are working together to encourage everyone to have a chip embeded in them, starting with children then pets - then all people.  With current bluetooth capabilities and cell phones and laptops, it would not surprise me if a person was implanted with a chip connected to their nervous system that there would be the ability to without a person's knowledge or consent to 'download' their entire life experiences and consciousness into another computer over time if not in current day using secret technologies.

Then there are the sci-fi stories, some of which with pending technology breakthroughs with time - that there could be a Real time anomoly or 'time loop' if not by intention then by accident.

Considering the Real abilities and research of the US and other governments and their current practices along Dark Paths - it would not surprise me although it certainly is a terrifying concept.