Just to start off saying that I've had my fair share of experience with various substances in the past year. (Cannabis, Coke, Shrooms, pharmaceutical opiates including hydrocodone, oxycodone, fentanyl, and finally last week buprenorphine.)

That being said, I have heard of methadone but it wasn't widely available in my area so I moved on to Suboxone. 

The Setting:
At home no responsibilities for the next few days and in a depressed mood because I was coming off of a binge of Lorcets.
No one home just me and my guitar and my computer.

T+0hr: 
Got my little orange pill from a buddy of mine and decided I should start out small and cut the 8mg tab into 4 pieces. Crushed up 2mg and insufflated it. (Later that week I found out that snorting it will work but if the bup. drips down into my stomach it will render the chemical inactive as far as the amount that made it to the stomache and will make me vomit if any of it at all touches my stomach. So for me next time I'm going to take it properly which is to crush it up and let sit under my tongue for about 10-15 minutes WITHOUT swallowing my saliva. Let it fully absorb under my tongue for the maximum effects and minimum stomache sickness.)

T+2hr:
Come on effects starting to kick in. Very subtle sort of 'creeping-up-on-me' effect. I didn't really notice I was experiencing it until it had reached it's peak. 

T+2hr 15min:
Decide that I'm feeling pretty damn good and want to light up. So I ascend to my garage to smoke some cannabis. I decide to smoke a cigarette first. Since I only smoke cigarettes 1-5 times a week I get a decent nicotine buzz every time I smoke. After smoking my cigarette I could NOT stand up. I was feeling the effects very strongly and the cigarette seemed to make it about 5x's stronger for about 5 minutes. But in that 5 minutes I was incoherent and nearly passed out. After I thought this was pretty intense I was curious how marijuana would synergise so I packed a bowl and smoked it and waited.

T+2hr 25min:
Ummm...Didn't feel anything from smoking a bowl of very good marijuana I must say. (2 hits usually gets me going) Decide to pack another one. Smoke it and feel slightly high but not where I want to be. And then I remembered my friend told me that you can't get high off of pot when you are on buprenorphine. I got a decent head buzz but none of the desired trippy side effects from smoking marijuana and that would be all i would feel no matter how much i smoked so i decided to save my stash.

T+3hr:
Have been playing video games and can feel the effects of the bup. still increasing. Feeling great and getting a pleasant itchiness all over my body.

T+4hr:
I believe this is the peak. I feel pleasantly intoxicated while I also feel like my vision  has blurred slightly and I am in THE BEST MOOD. I can't explain it this is unlike any opiate I have tried. To be honest I have to say i prefer this drug over everything except for fentanyl and coke.

T+6hr: 
Buzz is still going strong and I go about doing normal everyday activities that i like to do. The bup. does not affect my ability to act normal however, I have noticed and my friend noticed that I was a bit speedy like I had just done a bump of coke. Interesting...

T+10Hr:
Feeling pretty baseline and rather tired...decide to go to sleep.

Summary:
Buprenorphine is an amazing drug.
Pros:
1.) Great high. One of the best opiate buzzes ever.
2.) Lasts very long and you need not very much. (1mg even)
3.) The comedown is gradual and smooth and nothing like a large dose of hydrocodone even. It is not as unpleasant as a marijuana comedown.

Cons:
1.) Got a little sick and puked. (Only because I snorted it)
2.) Cancels out pretty much any other drug I want to use that affects my dopamine levels.
3.) Drug cancellation lasts for a week to two weeks. My tolerance for marijuana a week later is still extremely high and I have to smoke several bowls of the same weed that a I only needed 2 hits of previous to trying buprenorphine.

All in all one great GREAT experience. I can't emphasize how just blissful it makes me feel.