For my first time smoking weed I took a long walk into a forest to go to this tiny shack to Hot box. Since there was about 8 of us and this shack was very small only 5 of us could fit (sitting on top of one another). So I stood disappointed outside for about 10 minutes. When I got my turn to go in I noticed the shack was very filled with smoke with little plain air left, as well I got 2 long bong hits with some fairly potent shit. Despite this I did not get high, it was done too quickly. Later that night I had 2 more long pulls of a pipe. Still no effect. Although the other people I was with were very stoned. I felt no increased heart rate or anything.  

The next weekend I needed to do this again. This time I would do it right, I would take my time with only one other person, and we would just split a deeg. Still this was done too quickly, we smoked it in about 10 minutes, although my friend did get pretty fucked. My heart did go faster than normal and I felt some VERY slight effects but the heart rate was back to normal for the next day when I woke up. As an unexperienced user it was never realized by me that it was done too quickly, nor did it occur to my friend. Due to the fact that he got high off that joint and I didn't as well as I didn't get high off the bong we figured I had a high tolerance to weed. 

The next weekend I was going to smoke my own joint. This time I was getting high. I was with 2 others (both never had done it before) and I got my joint lit and passed the lighter. I began to smoke mine, and then my friend broke the lighter. So again I was rushed, because we needed to go buy a new lighter. I smoked it in about 7 minutes. Although rushed I still got high. I managed to laugh my ass of about nothing, walk across the street at a red light almost into a turning car, and walk in to a store pulling shit off of the shelves violently and buying it. We went back and I finished off my fairly large roach, then just dazed off sitting against a fence. The next 3 days I noticed I still had a higher heart rate, and when running in gym I thought my heart was going to beat right out of my chest. After three days though it was back to normal. 

Two weekends later I smoked a whole fat joint in a period of about half hour and got extremely fucked. My friend's face turned into a pig then a rhinoceros. My other friend turned into a sim (from the computer game 'The Sims').  The only thing that seemed normal to me and came easily to me was relighting my joint. We were living in a Sim world. The street was divided in to two worlds. If I looked one way down the street it was one world. If I looked the other way it was another world. Its now 2 weeks later and my heart is still going just as fast as it was when I had that joint! I'm scared. Yesterday I had a cigarette (I never smoke but I just felt like one) and I got really bad chest pain that night. I don't think ill be smoking weed again. At least for a long time. I gotta see how my heart goes. I've been trying to find out as much info about bad heart rate. I counted and I have more than 85 beats per minute. I am in good shape, and have never had heart problems. I get lots of physical activity and I am not overweight. So I don't know what the fuck is wrong.