It was just another Saturday night in our town.  I was at some girls house and we were drinking.  I had maybe 5 beers and 3 or 4 shots.  I'm a little tipsy, but not that bad, because I had a high tolerance.  I had never used any type of pschoactive drug before, not even marijuana.  My friend asked me of I would like to go in on an eighth of shrooms with him (40$).  I don't think I would have normally done it, but I was drunk, and I had been thinking about the world recently, and what exactly our reality was.  I was in one of those kind of exploration moods, so I went with it.

The guy came with the shrooms, and I ate them straight.  I had heard how bad shrooms tasted, but I found them to be ok, except for bits getting caught in my throat.  I ate half of the stuff first, my friend promptly said he didn't want to do it.  I was sitting in this girl's house for awhile, kind of waiting for it to come on you know, and nothing happened.  45 minutes after I took the first half I decided to go ahead and eat the second (big mistake).  I would have to say that I was in a party atmosphere, I was dancing and doing other physical activity.  I was with some of my friends, even though I was in a strange house.  The house had all sorts of figurines and other Native American decorations.  So overall I don't think it was the best place to have a trip.  

So five minutes after I take the second half of the shrooms, the first half kicks in, about 50 minutes.  The time between when the first and the second dose kicked in was very enjoyable.  I remember the first thing I saw was the carpet rippling, and I watched the water come out of a sink and it looked like it was in slow motion.  As the drug started taking hold of me, I got progressively more incoherant and disoriented.  I remember going to the mirror a lot and looking at myself during this point.  I would look at myself and my eyebrows would grow, or my mouth would elongate or something.  My friend was also sitting and playing the guitar, and I was listening and kind of dancing/enjoying his playing.  At random points he would stop playing and scream in my face, which was very frightening, but listening to him play was rather fun.  I felt like I could touch the music, I don't know how else to explain it.

After that I remember taking all of my clothes off except my boxers (not uncommon for me) and putting on this head dress and saying 'I'm the medicine man'.  At this point, I could actually distinguish the fact that I was not a medicine man.  This part of the trip was very enjoyable.  I was starting to get trailers when I moved my head fast, and sometimes the room looked as if it was moving as if it were like a movie in slow motion, in separate frames.  I remember staring at a fish tank for it seemed like forever, I was so intrigued by it.  Also enjoyable.  I was enjoying the trip, all the while in the back of my mind I knew the second half was going to kick in and I was kind of scared.

The second half kicked in, hard and fast.  I didn't even feel like I was drunk anymore, the shrooms had taken control.  I remember eating some hard candy, and feeling it inside my esophogus, it was a very unpleasant feeling.  It seemed like the candy was dropping into nothing, and I thought that I didn't have a stomach.  I then went to the mirror to see that I did have a stomach, and I ended up staring at myself for a long time.  I would change into all different types of animals, sometimes making scary faces at myself and freaking myself out.  It was at this point when It felt like I kind of disconnected from my body.  I don't know how to describe it, but it was like I was looking at myself, and what I was saying was in slow motion.  I was talking normal, but I perceived myself talking in slow motion, very strange.

Right at this time I got the most intense wave of nausea I've ever experienced.  I felt better after this, but the process of vomiting while on a halucinogen is not too fun.  It seemed like there was bugs and worms coming out of me, and I remember touching my own puke to try to kill the bugs.  After I got out of the bathroom, it was maybe 11:45, and I had to go home.  This was at the height of the trip.  A friend drove me home, and I remember everything spinning, along with an understanding of time moving like a clock.  I perceived the world as ticking, and clocks came up everywhere.  Also many things would turn into mushrooms.  Looking at people's faces was one of the worst things.  They would turn into ever sort of animal you could imagine, but most people had a certain animal they would turn into.  I could still tell that they weren't actually animals if I really tried, but it was getting harder.  Anyway, I got back to my house, tripping out of my mind.  My mom was up in the livingroom, I said hi and decided to make myself a pizza.

Not happening.  I got the packaging off ok, but I put the oven on the wrong setting, and the oven was turning into something with teeth and was biting me.  I remember my mom coming in and asking me what was wrong and saying that the oven was trying to eat me.  I think my mom just thought I was drunk, but I can't be sure.  Now that I was by myself, I was having a hard time separating my halucinations from reality.  I would go into elaborate halucinations for what must have been minutes at a time.  Some were jungle, desert, wizard of Oz, and hell.  Hell wasn't the worst one however.  After each one of these I would kind of come out of it and realize where I was, only to be taken off somewhere else.  After the hell one, I kept getting the feeling that my teeth were falling out.  It's kind of a fear of mine to tell you the truth.  I would sit there, touch my teeth, and not be able to tell that they were there.  I would go to the mirror to look at myself, and they still wouldn't be there.  I was able to determine I had teeth only if I touched my teeth while looking at them.  I had to have two senses now to come back into reality.

I stared at myself in the mirror again for a long time, changing into different things.  What I saw next will stay with me for the rest of my life.  It was the scariest experience of my life.  As I was looking at myself in the mirror, I turned into a wolf.  I started talking to myself.  I remember the wolf saying that I was a bad hobgoblin, and that he had to eat me.  I was transported to his lair, where he locked me in a torture machine and ate me alive.  Watching something eat me was truly terrifying.  

After this, I was somehow inside my own stomach.  I was moving through several organs- the stomach, the liver, etc.  My stomach turned into a desert, actually, it was the salvador dali picture with the melting clocks.  Everything was melting, including me.  Then a cactus that was wearing a hat suddenly came to life and ran after me with a knife.  I was running for my life.  I came out of this halucination when I ran into my kitchen counter.  I was holding a knife at the time.  At this point I'm totally freaking out.  I don't know whether I have teeth or not, and I was really scared for my life.  The only thing I could think about doing was going to get my mom, so I did.  She talked to me forever about her past and stuff, all the time I was touching my teeth and looking all around at stuff totally tripping.  My mom was turning into all sorts of animals, but they were friendly animals, not like the ones I was turning in to.  She kept asking me why I found the paperweight so interesting, cause I kept staring at it.  

Things kind of went down from there, but I can't remember a time where I felt more love for my mom.  As I was sitting there on the couch, I had another out of body experience.  I went far away this time, and I wasn't even watching myself.  I went into outer space, out of the galaxy, out of the universe.  I was traveling for awhile in nothingness, just energy, I don't know how to explain it, but then I went into something weird.  Huge objects started appearing, with smaller things rotating around them.  I realized that they were carbon atoms.  Then I noticed even bigger objects as I got bigger.  Mitochondria, I was inside a cell.  I got bigger and bigger until I was laying down right next to this enormous being, which turned out to be me!  I was so freaked out, but I was also very interested.

After this I got a surge of really good feelings, my mom was gone, but I was still feeling ok.  I felt this connection with something that I had never felt before.  I realized I was coming down, and it was the happiest moment of my life.  There were times during the trip where I was sure I was dead.  I was just so happy, the sun was coming up, and I went off to bed with a feeling of total completeness.  I would say that the whole experience was worth it just to get that feeling.  I went to bed and layed there for awhile with my eyes closed, just seeing shapes oscillating in a kind of kaleidascope action.

I fell asleep, and when I woke up the next day, I felt fine.  No headache or anything.  I became a lot more spiritual after this, and I realized what a complete asshole I was.  I stopped drinking so much, and started treating my mom better.  I haven't done them since, but if the opportunity came up, I might do it again if I had the courage.