First of all... I have found very little information regarding Nasal Snuff Tobacco. I would like to see more information spreading about this lovely substance and I would like to see its health comparison's to cigarettes as well as other tobacco alternatives. I've been taking snuff for about four years now and I take breaks from it so I can give the mucous membranes the 48 to 72 hours that they take to heal (according to my doctor). I asked her opinion of whether it was healthier than smoking or not and she said that it of course isn't good for you, but that since I am not smoking it I am not inhaling carcinogens or the hundreds of additives that the majority of cigarettes contain. She did say that since it is a higher concentration of nicotine that it would be more addictive. That is all that I have to offer about the subject of snuff by itself...

As for my experience, I was travelling across the country with some friends of mine and we came across a gas station selling Ephedrine. I didn't know much about it, but I was pretty sure that you couldn't buy it in California so I decided to get some. I thought it was supposed to be some kind of upper. So we bought a bottle (I can't remember the measurements) and decided to snort a few of the crushed up ones and take a bunch (I don't remember how many because this was a while back). After a while we started to feel different... a very weird feeling that I can't really explain. Seeing as we had bought some snuff when we were in Iowa City (specifically 'Pöschl's Gletscher Prise Menthol mit Columbia-Öl') we decided to do some lines of snuff. Immediately upon doing the line the feeling I had was transmuted into something orgasmic and I immediately came. I was a little scared because I didn't know what had happened, but I liked it so I did it again. I didn't cum the second time, however I did experience that orgasmic sensation. I told my friend what happened and he tried it. He experienced the same thing. We ended up doing the entire package of snuff in one sitting because it felt so good. I thought that this experience needed to be shared with the world. Happy snuffing!