The best thing about Kanna is that it makes me feel relaxed and elevated, but stimulated too. I decided to try it for those reasons and bought the powdered form in a small 5 gram packet. At first it seemed a bit expensive for a tiny bag until I realised I don't need very much at all to get a good effect.

Some people like to smoke it but as a non-smoker that option was out for me. So instead I tried just taking a small bit of powder on a spoon (approx 1/4 gram) with a drink. This wasn't as good as I'd hoped. I felt a little bit elevated, but nothing to write home about. Taking more didn't help either. 

I forgot about it for a few days and then decided to try again. I'd read that keeping the powder on your tongue made the Kanna absorb better. Surprisingly this worked very well and I felt giddy and elevated while still relaxed and able to think properly. It tastes a bit like dry grass but not really unpleasant. 

This got me thinking that the body must not be able to digest Kanna properly to release its compounds. So after already being quite high and happy I used the same amount of powder in a cup with boiling water and let it steep for a few minutes. If you've ever tried green tea then you can understand the taste of it. Not exactly delicious but not at all bad. 

The effect was more than I expected. Almost straight away I began to feel a bit like I was tipsy from alcohol. I was very calm and happy with a giddy kind of energy, but still able to think and work on anything I wanted. This feeling continued for the rest of the night. I did some reading, played video games, and anything else just fine. The effects did get stronger for a bit but it was very controllable and smooth. 

I take Kanna now most days as a tea with a little sweetener. I focus perfectly well at university and work, and maybe even perform a little better without feeling any stress or anxiety. Before a night out with friends I drink a cup and find it mixes well with alcohol. I drink less alcohol since the effect is heightened and the extra stimulation is great for dancing and socialising. 

There are different types of powder you can buy. I always go for pure Kanna (Sceletium) leaf powder. The powder 'extracts' only contain some of the compounds from the Kanna and don't give me the best well rounded feeling. 

Definitely the best herb I've tried.