After seeing a great band play, and being in a good positive mindset with some adventurous and experienced friends, we loaded a few grains of 5meo-dmt in a glass tube. We put on some nice progressive goa trance and got comfy on the couch. The first couple of tries, no one really got a hit, because it was pretty low light, and was difficult to see where the grains were sitting. Then we figured out to blow slightly thru the tube to see when smoke came out, and that let us know we were hitting the stuff.. So I got a good 20 second hit, and held it in for a little bit. About 15 seconds afterwards, the objects in the room began to blend together, and lose their 'objective meaning'. By that I mean, the lamp and the plants, and shadows on the ceiling simply became a single, entity existing without preconcieved meaning. It just existed. The closest thing I can relate it to, is Nitrous Oxide - The way reality fades away, yet is still right in front of you. Physically, my body shook a bit, like LSD, but more intense. Also, my mouth began to water like a freakin' faucet! Breathing was labored, and felt strange.

It took me a minute or so before I could talk, and even then all I could say was 'wow!' I also lost some inhibitions, and quite a bit of good judgement, because I put my hand on my best friends' girlfriend's knee, and started to stroke it a little. She aknowledged by stroking my leg with her toe. Be warned! We wouldn't have done this normally, and I think we were functioning on some state of completly instinctual behaiviour - ie our attraction to each other - but we were totally without comprehension of the social implications of our actions -ie the fact that she had a boyfriend (who was sitting watching the whole thing, sober!!!!) 

I would say that if LSD enhances the intellectual trip, and MDMA is an emotional trip, then 5MEO deals with our instinctual selves. This could be a 'survival mode' because your body has just ingested a toxin. I look forward to learning more about the experience again when the time is right.