This twist in a conspiracy-like reality, that is basically the unintended, basis on my dreams from the previous night began with an interest in Salvia, and the not so conventional reports of the almost alien world the plant was said to put a person in. So myself and a friend purchased some 5x leaves on line, and decided to experience the effects, and what happened was simply hysterical, ubsurd, twisted, unexpected, and more alienly confusing than any other insights have been from other plant enteogens. 

I took an enormous rip, off a water bong, filling my lungs completely with the salvia, and held it until it was basically dissolved through the tissue. As I bent to clear the rest of the smoke, I felt a distinctively cold, almost metallic sensation dripping, and wiping itself on my under arms, streaming down my cerebral cord and back, and filling my legs, with a sort of heaviness, like gravity times 20. As I felt this, and thought about it for a few seconds, I completely lost touch with this reality, and unknowingly with my eyes close, began to laugh, in the most deep sounding , uncontrollable laugh, for what was happening to me triggered something hilarious, because I had honestly felt my body disappear, and become smothered under an extremely large door, which I had glanced at just moments before I hit the bong, And had the impression I was a pair of scissors, being jammed between a door, and smothered in a large puddle of glue, which was my saliva dripping from my mouth, and me trying to clean up the mess, but I did not know it at the time, which was impossible to do being a pair of scissors, this was all very real, too real, and fast, and if the other people in the room hadnt been laughing, and saying thigs to me, I dont know if I could have escaped this bizarre unreality. 

Almost like a purgatory, I never thought I was coming back, like they were all searching for me, and couldnt find me, I was trying to let them know I was ok,But as one voice began to say the most ubrubt, out of the ordinary things to me, I snapped out of the puddle of glue, and tried to remember where I was, what I was , and how I had came so close to losing my head.  By opening my eyes, which I was visibly yanking sideways, because I was under the assumption hat I had literally lost my head, it rolled off, or unscrewed it or something. While trying to screw it back on, I looked around the room at everyone. They all seemed to be big bottles of detergent, and cleaner, and they sat, laughing at me.  Their words and noises all slicing me into pieces, keeping me from understanding exactly what had gone wrong, because I had the feeling something was totally wrong and out of place, and helpless to change it.

One person in the room, was saying random words to try and freak me out, and confuse the whole experience, and his voice, unexpectedly, was sending waves and energy that I knew were horrible, to the point of me telling him 'you need to go, get out, youre keeping me down', and as I saw everyone else after I told him this, reality had began to sink in, and it all became so dreamlike and surreal.

I needed something of half normality to hold onto because their voices were all but ripping me into slices, which I visually could see, as it pulled me in horizontally slanted directions, all towards the center of gravity. I tried standing, and remembered the metal like taste in my mouth, that somehow was also the same sensation on my butt, arms legs and center of my back.

Trying to escape the weirdness of the room I fled to the back yard, to gain back a normal reality by smoking a cigarette. The entire time noticing how my voice had differed, and what I was saying to my friends was so dream like. Like my collective unconsciousness had been brought to the table, and all anxieties had been pulled out in inadimate  objects to reveal some sort of destiny to me, and to be content with the shit around me. A looming alien presence was like a mist over the world, and for the rest of the mild night of pot smoking and reflections of our experiences, the conspiracy, and mystery around us seemed so close and threatening, that nature was the only refuge. This all happened in about 5 minutes, initial effects at least, with about an hour and a half of reflecting the experience.So bizarre, not so comprehendable??? She comes and she pulls.....twisted in visions, Oh salvia knows........