One night my ex-boyfriend and I, along with another couple and a single friend all decided we'd stay in on a Saturday and 'shroom and watch movies'. We each ate 2 grams around 12:15am. 

In the past, I can usually expect shrooms to kick in around the 40 minute mark, sometimes sooner if I'd smoke a joint too. On this particular night, an hour and 15 minutes had passed and we were all feeling tired instead of buzzed. My couple friends left shortly after 1:30 and my ex and I decided to call it a night and headed off to bed, our other friend was staying the night and crashed on our couch.

We got ready for bed then lay down talking quietly about how we were disappointed in the mushrooms. Eventually it became too hard to carry a sentence as the two of us were extremely exhausted and I flicked off the bed side light.

All of the sudden I found myself laying in the dark wide awake. I couldn't close my eyes for the life of me even though physically, my body was very tired. It is important to note that the walls of our room had recently been painted. They were starch white with no photographs on them. As I looked around the room I could see a crack of dim light from under the door. My mind instantly convinced me that I was a patient lying in a hospital bed with my twin brother (my ex). The year was 1952 and we were 12 years old. I knew that even though I couldn't sleep I was to stay in my bed quietly. I thought about getting up out of bed and walking around because I was so bored and even thought about walking down the long hallway.

I was tripping out so much that I was sure that if I opened the door I would find myself standing at the end of that long, narrow hallway lit by dim, green lights. At the end of the hallway would be a nurse (in typical 50's uniform with the peaked hat) who would be impossible to sneak by so I just crawled back into bed. All the while I was mentally experiencing this, I was also explaining every detail to my boyfriend as it happened. His shrooms had also kicked in but he was no where near experiencing what I was. Almost as quickly as my hospital scenario ended in my head a new one began...

This time I was a lioness lying under a huge tree. I could feel the warm breeze and could hear the wandering around of the other lions around me, my eyes were closed. It just so happened that the way my ex and I were laying together, our feet were touching. During this scenario our feet touching were actually our 'paws' and my ex was another lioness laying with me under the tree. 

Next we were resting on the sands of a dessert in India...around us were the sounds of the hustling and bustling of street vendors. My ex and I were East Indian in nationality and were lying on a woven rug made of burlap that I could actually feel under my body. I reached out to hold his hand (in real life) and remember feeling like it was colder and more dry than it really was, more worn and tired. I 'knew' that if the lights were on, his skin would be darker in colour. I was convinced that we really were East Indians hanging around in the dessert on a burlap rug.

These three scenarios wandered through my head in the above order until 7:30am! My ex was long ago asleep and I was left alone with my adventures. It wasn't a bad trip per se however, it did get to the point when my mind was so exhausted that I just couldn't wait to get to sleep.