I've been taking different forms of hallucinogens for years now, from acid to DMT, but never have I experienced a trip so unnerving as the datura trip I had recently been on.  I've had acid melt things or I've acquired 'eagle vision' on DMT but every trip since this one have been distortions of reality and not true hallucinations of things (or people) that weren't really there...   I heard that there was some datura growing in a nearby park from a friend of mine that had just ate some of its flowers.  He told me he was still tripping and he ate the flowers three days ago.  He told me a little about his trip and I knew I had to try this plant.  I figured it was more powerful for him because he isn't a regular tripper.  His dose was 10 flower stalks (I think.)

After eating eight of these flowers (bell shucked off) it was very shortly thereafter that I began experiencing a body fry.  It was much like a mushroom trip.  The colors grew steadily brighter and the tracer effect relative to acid setteled in about 20min.  I wandered away from the friends that I had dosed with and was walking by myself on a residential street.  I kept trying to take a drag of my cigarette, but I realized that I didn't even have a smoke in my fingers... I was sure I was smoking a long cigarette though.  I looked everywhere behind me and found nothing. This happened many times through the night.  I heard someone walking behind me at one point during the trip.  When I turned around I saw my friend Tree.  I talked with him for a while as I walked and when he wouldn't answer me I turned around to find a totally empty street.  

The next person I had seen was my friend Ron.  I can't remember what we talked about because the moment I realized he had been dead for a year and a half I did a doubletake.  He then turned into a parking meter.  I was so stunned I had forgot the whole conversation...  Another person I was asking directions from turned into a fence post.  My friends tell me of some other crazy things I did which I don't quite recall, though they might be just messing with me.  My friend Tree says that he was nowhere around me during my trip.  He is a person to trust.  The next day I ate four more flower stalks and went into a slightly less potent trip.  The day after that I smoked some really kind weed and started getting visuals again, but no visions like the first day.  I wouldn't suggest datura to just anybody... even an experienced trip head.  I have taken many visual drugs and mind-altering substances but I don't think I'll be tripping on this one for a very long time, maybe never...SAGE