Although I'm not a roller (yet) because of the incredibly poor reliability of most artificial illegal drugs in my area, I have recently heard some interesting things about 2C-T-7, aka 'Beautiful,' 'Lucky 7,' and so on. (Its real chemical name is 4-propylthio-2,5-dimethoxyphenethylamine)

Anyway, an acquaintance of mine has been 'lucky' enough to acquire a small quantity of 2C-T-7.  Although he has become leery of psychedelics in general because of years of trying to extract a positive life effect from them and generally wasting his time (going through several hard experiences trying to use different drugs and higher amounts to make it 'worth doing'), the generally excellent reports T-7 has received convinced him to give it a shot.

Since we have frequently found with pure chemical drugs in Hydrochloride Salt (HCl) form that they are active when smoked on some pot (not as efficient as snorting or converting the HCL to freebase first, but not as inefficient as people seem to suggest), he chose this method of ingestion as it is the shortest-acting (2.5-4 hours, as opposed to 3-5+ for snorting and 10-15 for oral) and easiest to gauge each small dose's effect before doing another so that there is less risk of hitting overwhelming territory accidentally.

So, on to the report.....

Approx. 1mg was smoked on a small bowl of not-quite-dry-enough weed using the lighter-vaporising method: i.e. bringing the largest, hottest flame possible just a few millimeters away from the material, not quite close enough to combust the pot but just close enough to make the T-7 HCL bubble and boil away. This avoids destroying any more of the active material than necessary.

The bowl was finished, directly burning the pot itself after the T-7 had boiled away into invisibility but still being as indirect as possible with the flame so as to also not destroy any of the THC unnecessarily. By the time it was cached, it was obvious that there was more than just a simple pot buzz -- but there were no obvious visuals, just a vague notion that the world was more 'real' than it had been the moment before.

A few minutes passed while the effects were gauged. Not much changed -- a mild body buzz that was clearly stimulant-like rather than pot-like was evident, but still no visuals.

So, a second bowl was loaded, with slightly more T-7 this time -- perhaps 1.5-2mg (just a couple tiny flecks, each smaller than the letters you're reading now and micro-thin). Once this was kicked, it was noticed that the body buzz was gaining strength -- and the world did seem a bit 'odd' even if there was no direct sensory evidence for this.

At this point, our hero hops on his road bike and cruises at a moderate pace (for him, about 20mph) for a few miles. During this, pressure seemed apparent on both mind and body -- extremely mild, but distinct compression almost like a force field was applying a few pounds of force to the skin and the 'surface' of the mind. This produces a bit of anxiety because of concerns that this could precede a much less pleasant effect, but that is entirely psychological and passes as the pressure begins to change into a warm, friendly glow -- not unlike what we imagine E feels like.

By 45 minutes or so in, the glow has peaked into a wonderful feeling of contentment and peace -- but visuals are still largely absent. There is a sense that what he is seeing is 'more significant' than it normally would be, and every once in a while he questions whether the sky is really that convoluted or whether it is the T-7, but there are never the kind of wild colors and obvious distortions that others report at 5-10mg snorted. Our hero runs into his girlfriend just as he is climbing up one of the larger (1200ft+) hills in the area at a surprisingly rapid pace. He feels strong and although his heart is racing a bit more that it ought to be, he is very athletic, isn't pushing it too hard and isn't worried about heart trouble. He is concerned disclosing his mildly drugged state to his girl (and never ends up doing so) because she went through his must-trip-must-unravel-the-secrets-of-the-universe stage and now tends to look on any non-Pot drug use of his with disdain. Despite this, he feels quite light and pleasant and although he is clearly feeling the influence of a warm, stimulating drug effect, he easily moves from the activity of drug-testing on a bike ride to doing some errands with his girl. 

Out on the errands (1-2h after the dose), the warm glow continues and the extremely light trippy effect grows to the point where there are a few very minor genuine visuals -- clouds seem to be moving a little faster than they really are, people are just a little bit of a caricature of themselves (anyone who's been out in public on LSD knows what we mean). Our hero feels wonderful -- up, light, ready for anything. Could easily deal with any real-world responsibility on this much, and it's almost exactly what we thought E would be like -- just a vague hint of trippyness, a general sense of well-being and an almost irrational buoyancy of spirit.

Overall, the experience was hard to time -- it was so easy that it didn't feel like a trip at all. It felt like a mood! But all in all, related effects seemed to last about 3.5 hours. Smoking pot during and after this time seemed to bring out the effects again.

Conclusion? Well, it's a little early to give a real opinion of the substance at truly psychoactive doses -- that should come in a few more days when I get the scoop on my buddy's next experience, which will be with a starter dose of 3mg and boost from there until the visuals become undeniably 'a trip'.

But I'll say this -- 2C-T-7 is clearly the gentlest, most rewarding substance we've seen -- despite experience with LSD, LSA, pot, DXM, nitrous, DPT, mushrooms, mescaline, K, and so on. Definitely good stuff -- and particularly in the smokeable form, there is relatively little tolerance, not too severe a duration, and not too much 'blind dosing' because of having to wait hours and hours for it to come up (like oral 2C-T-7 and many other drugs).

Highly recommended -- particularly if you haven't experienced it smoked!