I happened to get one of the first batches of 5-MeO-AMT to go out. It was fairly new, & since AMT was no longer available online I decided to try this out, especially since I've never taken AMT, but I heard it was psychedelic speed.

I used the information on the AMT page to calculate a dosage of 20mg. Well, after reading the Tryptamine FAQ just moments later, I realized I had made a HUGE mistake. The FAQ did list 5-MeO-AMT, & the dosage was one quarter of an AMT dosage (only 2.5-5mg). I then made the frantic decision to gag myself & get it out of my stomach ASAP. I did so, & the pepperjack cheese which I had concealed the powder in also came up, & I had a disgusting pepper taste all throughout my throat. This just made me want to gag more, & I must have vomited like 10 times. In the future, I don't try to conceal the powder in anything... it doesn't really taste that bad.

I had tried vaporizing it & smoking it in a bowl but I accidentally inhaled most of the powder through my mouth before I could even light it, so I figured I better not waste it.

After 30 minutes of ingesting it (I dosed at 1pm), I began feeling it & really freaked out, thinking it was too late & I was going to majorly OD. But after it kicked in, I had never felt more bliss in my life! It was EXACTLY like trolling (tripping+rolling)... it felt as if I had consumed 5 rolls & at least 5 hits of acid, along with DMT. There was no paranoia nor was it teeth-clenching or very speedy. I was very talkative, & outgoing, but it didn't feel like typical speed or as speedy as an acid trip would be. When my friend M tried it he said it was like Ketamine+acid, but everyone else agreed that it was like trolling. It had a dreamy state though... you could close your eyes & relax.

The visuals I experienced within 45 minutes to an hour were astounding to say the least. My whole field of vision was like a kaleidoscope! I saw colors and patterns swirling forward in a circular motion everywhere I looked. I felt VERY euphoric. My whole body was buzzing. It was like NOTHING I have ever taken before.

I listened to music & it actually sounded BETTER than it does on LSD. Music for me has NEVER been so intense, except maybe when I took Dexedrine. I was truly in a state of total satisfaction. It did take a while to become comfortable with it, however, because I still thought I might OD, since every minute & every hour it became stronger & more intense. I was sweating immensely, too.

Finally, the peak was over & I was just experiencing mad visuals & a total state of ecstacy. I was more talkative than ever, & I wanted to get out of the house before my folks came home. A friend came & picked me up, & we went to another friend's house, & I finally talked them into ingesting some.

We went to TGI Friday's so they could pick up some rolls for Daytona later that night. I redosed when they did, & it began kicking in again while we sat at the bar. Slowly but surely, all the voices turned to lowkey mumbling in the background, & I felt as if I were in Fear & Loathing at the bar, when Johnny Depp had consumed a bunch of acid after checking into the hotel. I needed to desperately get out of there. I couldn't even drink my bud draft.

We eventually left, & by this time they were feeling it too. We drove around aimlessly for a while to pick up another guy, & after doing so my friend nearly wrecked his car after failing to see a car that was turning up ahead of him. He veered around it & nearly sideswiped a van in the next lane. It was a very close call, considering everyone in the car was fucked up & I had some more of it on me.

Since I was too broke to go to Daytona, I got dropped off & hesitantly went into the house & made it to my room. I was fucked up for hours on end. Finally, around 11am the next day I could sleep. I slept for 24 hours straight (no exaggeration). 

Finally I woke up & the next night I went to my friend J's apartment where M was, & we all dosed. J left for a while & M & I watched One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest (jack nicholson is awesome). Only this time it wasn't nearly as intense as the first time (I think there is some degree of tolerance involved here)... it felt more like acid & K than anything else. I didn't hardly get any visuals except for tracers, which weren't nearly as intense as before. Before when I did it everything was coming apart at its seems... reality was breaking up before my very eyes & turning into psychedelic patterns of light & sound. It was VERY INTENSE.

Around 4am some friends came by & picked us up & we went back to E's house along the beach. Four more people ingested some... & within the hour they were feeling the immense effects of 5-MeO-AMT. Their disbelief of the drug soon turned to amazement as to how a little bit of powder could be so much like trolling. One guy said he wanted to buy $1,000 worth of it, but I told him it only costs $120 after shipping for a good 250mg. All 250mg of my supply was gone by Memorial Day, & I had received it just the Friday before. It was clearly better than the Foxy I had ordered the week before. 

The only negative aspects of it were occasional stomach uneasiness & massive diarrhea (a lot of people reported diarrhea, esp. after coming down). One friend puked from it, but felt better immediately afterwards.

I'd probably try it again if it weren't for the diarrhea... but it's definitely worth the experience. I was in another world, another state of consciousness the entire time. It really was pure XTC!