I routinely smoke marijuana, and discovered a bottle of mirtazapine in my house that was clearly not in use. After research on its effects, I decided that it could make a regular evening of smoking at home a little bit out of the ordinary. I also was not able to find much online about the substance, and took it upon myself to make a contribution.

I read that the upper range of the prescribed dosage for mirtazapine is anywhere from 30-60 mg, with a listing of the maximum daily dosage at 90 mg. I figured 60mg would be pretty safe, considering I'm a pretty healthy individual who doesn't use any other medicines that could lead to complication.

I took four of the 15 mg pills at around midnight. I was in a comfortable setting, at home, and didn't have anything stressful planned for the next day. About 45 minutes after ingestion, I still didn't really feel any different. This is when I smoked. I smoked two bowls of pretty average weed. After smoking, I felt no different than I would normally feel without the mirtazapine. I figured it had only been an hour since I took them, and I had eaten recently, and that if there was going to be any effect, it would come soon.

After smoking, I played video games for awhile, and had some trouble concentrating. It was pretty late, and I was a little tired to begin with, so it was a struggle to be attentive. I decided to do something different, and shut off the tv and system. Before I went upstairs, however, I sat for a couple minutes with the controller in my hand, and presumably (a third party would be necessary for verification of this) with a blank stare on my face. I was in some sort of trance for about a minute or so. It felt as if waves of fatigue were rolling over me. I didn't fall asleep, but my eyes were open very little if it all. I was able to come out of this state and eat something before going upstairs. It's difficult to determine which substance was more likely to cause my hunger, since I read accounts of people eating sugar directly from the box while prescribed to mirtazapine.

Upstairs, I looked to entertain myself with music and the computer. This went well for some time, but I felt annoyed if I had to read anything longer than a few lines. With headphones on, I leaned my head on my hand with my elbow resting on my knee, and in this position, I fell into the same spell I did while I was playing video games. There were also some closed-eye visuals, but not to the extent of those experienced with psychadelics. It was quite strange, and very similar to (I'd say) a DXM trip. It's possible this occurred more than once, but I only remember those two instances.

Around this time, I was feeling exhausted. I was still pretty stoned, and feeling kind of different, which I attribute to the mirtazapine. I didn't envision anything changing drastically and went to bed. I had read about the way mirtazapine affects dreams and sleep, and was hoping for a similar experience. Most people reported very realistic, yet bizarre dreams, and difficulty being sure when they were back in reality. I also read that it was common for people to sleep much longer than they normally would. I don't recall any dream activity, but I did sleep for about 12 hours without interruption.

I can say with some certainty that mirtazapine had noticeable effects, though they were nothing special. After smoking normally, I certainly don't fall into trance-like states for about a minute. I also don't normally sleep as soundly as I did. The pills made things a little bit more 'trippy,' but the mild synergy experienced is not justification for taking mirtazapine every time I smoke.