I was on a holiday with a couple of friends in a forest in the Netherlands, my home country. We had bought about five grams of dried mushrooms which we planned to take in two go's. We all had experimented with mushrooms before, me twice, dried mushrooms as well, but I ate those. At the beginning of this two-week holiday, I would say three days after we had arrived we all went out into the forest and ate about 2-3 grams each (I mention this because it might be important for the effect the smoking of the mushrooms had on me later that week) Anyway, the trip was strong, the mushrooms potent.

About five days later we were ready to go to sleep, already in our sleeping bags, each in a separate tent (4 blokes) and we came upon the idea of smoking a chillum with mushrooms. 

At this time I was very relaxed, had nothing specifically to worry about in my life and felt good on the whole. This holiday had been good fun so far, it was a kind of big workshop festival, we were partaking in workshops on arts, music, writing etc. all very creative.

So that was how I felt; no worries, no hassle, relaxed and well-rested, well fed and healthy. Mind you, we were steady users of marijuana, smoking about a gram or 2 a day so that was already in my system by the time we started smoking the mushrooms.

The only preparations I made was preparing the Chillum and something I always did when smoking it was touch it against my forehead, breath deeply in and out a couple of times and then I would light it, as I did now. This must have been about 2 o'clock at night. Apart from the marijuana I wasn't taking anything else, no alcohol, no coffee, nothing. 

What I experienced wasn't much. The thing I remember most clearly is that I felt a sort of pressure build up inside my head, seemingly coming from outside but then I reasoned it was probably coming from inside. It felt a bit like your head can feel just before or just after you've had or have a cold coming on. Another thing I noticed was that my perception of darkness was slightly different as I seemed to see more purplish dots in the blackness. That was basically all I felt.