Took 1 green 4-leaf clover ecstasy (MDMA) pill, expected 80mg, and was told by the seller that it was a mild to moderate dose.  about 50-60 min after ingestion, the foretold signs were present, including teeth clenching, increased body temperature, pupil dilation, and feelings of elation.  Just after the first peak (of many: users tell of the 'rolling' of increased and decreased effects after the first peak, each subsequent peak not as strong and less frequent), smoked 1 rolled-tobacco-leaf cigarette (aka beedie), and this altered my high.  Knowing nicotine is a dopamine-specific drug, and that the seratonin effect of the MDMA was therefore most likely unaffected, I then tried to focus on the difference from before and after the cigarette.  I only noticed that, other than the common 'rolling' feeling of the MDMA effects, the ground seemed to be swaying of it's own accord only before the cigarette; this effect was never noticed afterwards.  Subsequent smoking of 2 other cigarettes, not at the same time, later in the night seemed to bring back a stronger effect of the ecstasy.  I'm still looking into the possibility of the user being able to modify what the bain does with MDMA (scheduling of each 'roll' of effects) with concurrent nicotine use.  This will differ between people who are and are not addicted to nicotine, as each category has different numbers of dopamine-specialized receptors.

Other than the cigarettes, the experience was life-outlook-changing, introspective, peaceful and enjoyable.

Two to three hours after ingestion, I became lethargic, a possible combination of being between peaks of the ecstasy and simply being tired from dancing.  I hit the next hill and danced, with less fervor and more awareness of my body tiring.  No effects were noticed walking from the club.

Six hours after ingestion of the MDMA, I smoked a quantity of four different strains of Marijuana.  The dose was high, expected between .5 and 1 gram.  After departing from our new single-serving smoking friends (in the parking garage), we started back on the long drive.  I was able to eat a small amount of food and drink a liter of water.  We were cruising at about 85, the trance music was booming, and the sun was coming up in the semi-arid desert.  In all my years of using more marijuana than this, and even shrooms once, nothing came close to how intense this high was.  It is suspected that MDMA intensifies and pronounces the normal background/unnoticable visual halucinations of marijuana.  Coupled with a returned feeling of the roll (the marijuana intensifying the dying effects of the MDMA), the visual trip I had was incredibly colorful when I closed my eyes.  With eyes open, the sun rising on the unfamiliar landscape and the loud trance music made it seem like I was in the middle of a blissfully happy, phenominal movie.

Subsequent to this was more introspection.  This time, rather then relating to current social situations I was in (which had happened with just the MDMA), I experienced incomprehensibly deep thoughts, resolving psychological neuroses from my childhood because I saw how the memories I was seeing from early childhood (anywhere between 0 and 3 years old) related to odd behaviors and repressions presently bothering me.  Just as many psychologists tell, awareness of old 'traumatic' episodes allowed for the immediate disolving of these neuroses.

Altogether, the drugs I took that night changed my outlook on life, and from what I'm told by experienced users, the changes don't go away.  If I were to reccomend MDMA to anyone, I'd say do it once, but never again, due to the horrible aftereffects and yet-unknown extent of possible long-term brain damage.  Above all, don't forget how you feel in general in the days following the use - I know I won't!