Once, for lack of anything better to do, I took 14 caffeine pills. Big mistake. I've tried weed and acid before, and I had heard that caffeine could mess you up, so I took some pills in the morning, right before school.  Nasty tasting, but I managed to choke them down dry.

Periods in my school are 45 minutes long, with 7 minutes in between. My first period starts at 7:30. First period I noticed a slightly higher level of energy than usual. I thought that they were kicking in, it may have just been placebo affect. At the end of first I still didn't feel anything major.

While I was walking to my second period class (which was PE) every step made me feel a little weirder. By the time I had reached the Gym, I was completely out of it. My friend bit me in the hand (I have affectionate friends) so hard that I started bleeding, but I didn't feel it. I began feeling nauseous. Around the middle of second period I had to lay down. My body felt like it was burning up, the room was spinning, and I just felt... weird. Like I was looking at everything from far away through a sheet of glass. I don't really know how to describe it. It was kind of like what I feel like when I smoke a lot of weed, but I felt sick.

I barely made it to third period. That was the farthest walk I've ever had to take. Sat down in 3rd and put my head on my desk. Was shaking a lot, was less hot, though, the room was well air-conditioned. Everything still looked weird, and the room kind of wobbled. Took my History final in that class. Made a 97. (Drugs have not dropped my grades down at all)

The time came for me to go to 4th. I stumbled out of 3rd and headed back to 4th. With every step I felt puke rising up in my throat. I had to stop a few times to settle my stomach. Was incredibly dizzy and had problems walking straight. I made it to 4th period, miraculously. Put my head on my desk and completely zoned out. I was having delusions of some kind, I can't remember clearly.

The lunch bell rang. I got up, and stumbled down the hall to the cafeteria. About halfway there I felt really sick and sat down next to the girls' restroom to wait for the feeling to subside. A few seconds after I sat down, I threw up. Two or three times. It was this sick yellow. Most people just kept walking and paid no attention to me. Then a group of nice people came by and saw me. They ran to go get the nurse.

I was wheeled into the nurses office and they sent me home with a 'stomach virus'. I threw up everytime I moved around more than necessary. Once at home, I laid down on the couch and fell unconcious. Stayed out for around 2 hours. I woke up and lay there for a while, sipping sprite and throwing up intermittently. Moved up to my room eventually. Was in bed for two days. Found it very hard to keep anything, even water, down. I now get nauseous everytime I see a vivarin pill, or even hear them mentioned. I am glad that I had the chance to experience caffeine poisoning. However, it was definitely NOT fun.

Peace, love, and lollipops.