In the past few months, I've been having thoughts of being rasist towards black people. I would always ask God to take these thoughts away. They would go away, but they kept comming back, even though I'm not rasist and never have been. My favorite musician is Hendrix!
  
My brother and his friend ordered one ounce of salvia months ago. We all smoked it a lot at first, but then we took a long break. Me and my brother both had spiritual experiences the first time we smoked it right (huge hit, held in a long time). Many amazing things happened to us both. My brother's friend however, hasen't ever experienced any spiritual stuff, he has had the normal. Like once, he was in a boat, and water was everywhere, but he was on my brother's bed.

Anyway, we took a break from it for a couple months. About a week ago, we decided it was time once again. It was just me and my brother. We got really high first off some amsterdam quality stash. Then my brother put on King Crimson's 'Salior's Tale' right before I smoked the salvia. I was laying down on a couch in my brother's room during the entire thing, mostly with my eyes closed.

Right before I smoked it, I asked God to show me my life. Then right before it kicked in, I had the rasist thoughts. I then asked God to take the thoughts away. At this point, my eye's were closed. After I asked God this, I immeadeatly appeard in front of this weird looking door. It was small and kind of an arched shaped door. There were all of these people around me and there was one main person or angel.

When I wanted to go in the door I automaticly appeard on the other side of the door. The same main being came through also. He said 'You like Hendrix'? I said yah. Then he opened his hands, and many things happened that are imposible to explain. I had flash backs of old acid trips, and I understood that my father and my brother had some spiritual wisdom, that they knew things. Then Jimi Hendrix appeared there with us. Then we went into a party and there were lots of people there talking and having fun. Hendrix told me 'You're cool it's alright'. I don't remember what happend after that.

At some point, the person or angel told me to look at the T.V. So I opened my eyes and did this. There was a reflection, it looked like some weird eyeballs or something. I wanted to get higher than this and then I was told that that is heaven, and I can only get there when I die, and my brother, who had died two years ago, was there. That's when my other brother said something to me, and we were both starting to come down. When this all happened it was like a dream, I couldn't touch anybody, everything happened to me, and I watched myself. It's the best Salvia trip any of us have had yet. My brother's trip was just the normal salvia trip. His eyes were open the whole time, still a great time though. Everybody is pretty amazed by this salvia trip, so I wrote in.

I smoked again tonight, but I jamed out on my guitar both times. We have just found out about many things, and will continue to try new things.  We will write again, we have had many amazing journys, and we have even more to come. So, I say try this stuff, but have God with you always, bye everybody!