I finally did something I'd wondered about for years.  For quite a while I'd been a fan of the wake and bake, loving to lay snug in bed on a saturday morning and wrap myself in the comfort of a nice buzz.  Being sooo lazy, I would sometimes be annoyed that I would have to simply move my body from whatever perfect position my unconscious mind had established and expose myself to what on some days was the cold air in my room in order to light up, and of course not fall back to sleep with some burning object in my bed!

Vacation time!  I was at the end of a large bag of BC Hydro, and I was getting annoyed at how dry it was becoming as in my laziness I didn't take care of the bag too well.  I had the bright idea of mashing the whole thing up into powder and making cookies so as to enjoy my vacation days with the sustained intoxication produced by orally ingesting marijuana.  I baked the cookies, using what ended up being about 1/8th ounce of finely powered bud.  I ended up with about 9 cookies, and figured they would be very potent based on the quality and quantity of plant material I had used.  Well, I ate one my first day, and it barely did squat!  I was shocked and of course disappointed.  I figured I must not have cooked them long enough to really cause the THC to be activated, and in my frustration I mashed 'em up into gravel-y bits, spread them on a cookie sheet and cooked the crap out of them.  

Then I was struck with this brilliant idea- what if at some point that night, if I had to get up to pee, I ate some cookie gravel so when I woke up I would already be stoned?  This was my genius solution to that ever-present wake and bake inconvenience.

That night I went out and got pretty drunk.  I got home late and half drunk, grabbed a kitchen bowl, poured the gravel into it, grabbed a spoon, and went to pass out with this at my bedside.  Morning came and I woke up around 8:00am having to take a raging piss, really foggy from the night before...but time for the experiment to commence.  I 'eased nature' and kinda half awake, grabbed the spoon and dug in.  Unfortunately I can't tell you exactly how much I ate, there were 9 cookies, I had already eaten 1, and I would say I ate maybe about 1/2 of what was in the bowl...my dumb ass was just stitting there in a hung over daze, munching away thinking 'well, I want to make sure I don't suffer an underdose.'  Then I fell back to sleep.

The next thing that happened was me waking up suddenly, I semi remember that I was having a nightmare and I forced my way out of it.  I was up, and decided to put the radio on.  But something didn't seem quite right.  Something was different.  I couldn't figure it out, but hmm this seems familiar...then I remembered eating the cookiegravel.  Yes know I know what's wrong- I am unbelievably high!  I was actually beginning to get that feeling where your perception is like a drowning person and normality, or the surface of the water, is just out of reach.  And I was definitely reaching out for it - I was beginning to dissociate slightly.  I looked at the clock- it was 8:45.  It had only been 45 minutes since I had munched; my general experience with eating marijuana is that I reach a peak 3 or 4 hours after I ingest it.  I did the math and started to get a little concerned.  My first reaction was to make myself puke to purge what remained in my stomach.  That didn't really help me out- marijuana is an anti-emetic, and I shit you not when I say I was fingering the lining of my food tube and getting zero results.  This failure only worked to make the situation feel more out of control.  I was not happy- I had ingested a quite possibly heroic dose of THC on an empty stomach and come to the experience directly out of unconsciousness with zero transition.  

I was beginning to experience a kind of 'perception strobe' effect where, if this makes any sense, the entirety of my conscious perception (all my human senses, perception of time, thoughts, you name it) was trailing, like the visual trails you get from taking LSD but applied to every point of consciousness.  Luckily my roommate was home- let's call him Mr. Level Head, and his calm presence was quite reassuring.  I felt more reassured for my safety (goodbye paranoia!) and more willing to accept my fate- which was pretty interesting, albeit uncomfortable.  By 9:30am I was resigned to laying on a couch, walking was too difficult.  As I lay there, I was experiencing a feeling, a sensation, that was kind of 'superphysical'- I was experiencing the feeling of the boudaries of my body as an aura, expanding outward like ripples.  I never actually dissociated.  Even looking at myself I could see where I was and how I was laying, but what I felt was my 'being' radiating outward in ripples, coupled with the crazy perceptual strobe i mentioned.  As I got higher, the farther out I radiated and the stronger the strobe.  It was interesting, but not so pleasant ...waaay beyond stoned.  I lay there for pretty much the rest of the day, totally incapacitated.  Around noon I would say I was the highest I've ever been. 

In retrospect the quantity of THC that I had ingested was probably quite high, but the fact that I had gone from unconsciousness directly into a potentially overwhelming high without any transition made the experience even more difficult to get control of.  What may have added to the initial panic I felt was the fact that I awoke from what I think was a nightmare- but was the nightmare natural or my brain's reaction to the flood of THC it was experiencing?  In any case, my curiosity was satisfied.