Quite the Experiance

Several weeks ago, in the middle of September, my best friend and I walked three blocks from our houses to a beautiful garden on the side of someones house.  This was the garden that grew moonflowers, and we had only found it a month or two earlier.

Before we get to that crazy night, lets backtrack a bit.  When we first found out about the plants (naturally, we were excited), we tried drinking tea twice with no effects.  The second time we boiled the water longer and let them steep for a longer period of time. 

Becoming impatient, we decided to just eat as many as we had without cooking them.  I had about 100 seeds in a bag and we split them between us, them shoved them into our mouths uncooked.  Dumb idea.  I knew right away we were about to have a very unreal trip.  

We headed downstairs, ate, drank tons of water (we got really cotton mouthed) and started playing playstation2 video games, but found it hard to remember anything.  Looking back on it, I really don't remember playing the game at all!  When we quit playing, we watched the opening sequence for about 2 hours, unaware what we were even doing.  We were becoming more delerious every hour.

My friend, Kelly lets say, started saying something to me, but I couldn't understand anything she was saying!  I kept saying 'What?!? I don't know what you're saying. You're speaking jibberish' Looking back, I don't know if she was really speaking jibberish or if it was me who was crazy.

Most of the night is hazy and unclear.  I remember lying on the floor in her room trying to do something...don't remember what.  I remember Kelly talking to people who wern't there.  I know I tried to fall asleep in the guest bedroom but feeling like my leg had disappeared!  Eventually, we found ourselves in the living room again (still probobly watching the game intro) and talking and laughing about nothing we can remember.

When I woke up the next morning, I was in the TV room and had absolutely no idea how I had gotten there and when I managed to fall asleep.  My vision was hazy and I got really farsighted for a few days.  I barely remembered anything.

Talking with my friend over the next few days, she told me what she remembered of our night.  She said she walked into her sleeping moms room, turning on the light, stating she had to piss, and walking right out again.  She remembered me lying on her floor muttering to the ceiling, me passing out on her couch while she tried to wake me up by pushing me off and beating me up.  When I didn't wake up, she left me on the floor tangled in blankets.  I told her what I remembered and we managed to fit a couple hours together, but most of the night is lost to the past.

<!--I don't regret doing datura, but it wouldn't be my first recommendation if someone asked what drugs they should do.  It was quite the experiance and definately something out of the ordinary.  Be careful with this one, as with any drug, and have somebody you trust and love with you at all times.

Happy Tripping!-->