I have an history of tobacco, alcohol and Cannabis abuse. I tried many entheogens and herbal highs.

I had bought an ounce of Atropa mandragora dried root one year ago. The only try I gave to it was to smoke a very little amount (0.1 g ?)with some pot. I felt some effect, very light and nor really comfortable. I forgot about it, as I was not likely to expose myself to the toxicity of Solanaceae.

But some days ago, while watching TV around 11pm, I felt 'called by the root'. It was all in my head, but I felt attracted, pushed to use it. 

Earlier that day, I had drunk some catuaba tea and smoked 2 little MJ sticks in the beginning of the evening. 

I crushed a little amount of mandragora root, something like 1/2 gram and mixed it with good quality pot. I added a little pinch of Sceletium tortuosum (0.1 gram or less).
I lit my joint and started smoking. Very soon, I felt an effect which was not from the other herbs. Having smoked 1/4 of the joint only, I stopped just to see what was setting on. It was like something was weighting on me, with some kind of vertigo. 'Whao, with just 3 puffs ? how powerful !'. 10 minutes later , I lit the joint again, and managed to smoke it slowly, over the course of 10 or 15 minutes. The flavor was strong, a bit weird with an 'animal' quality. 

The effects were not really comfortable, but evolved over the next 1/4 of hour toward a mix of muscular relaxation and a bit of analgesia. I felt a bit stuporous. The world seemed a bit threatening, which was probably caused by the mandragora trip reports I red online ! My expectations were influenced by those online accounts, and so was my decision to smoke it and not to eat/drink it, and to use a reasonable amount. 

The effects had something common with those of Amanita muscaria, but different at the same time, like inverted. I had that thought : 'if mandragora and Amanita are taken at the same time, it forces the Amanita to act as male in the couple, while it is normally female as well as male and not highly sexually involved.' 

I didnt take any Amanita this time, and I don't know what led me to think about it. I finally decided that mandragora was some kind of an 'evil twin' of Amanita muscaria. 

Due to the reasonable amount used, I had no visuals or weird dreams. I felt a medium strong narcotic effect. What was weird is that reality seemed to be a bit different from normal, in a lightly threatening way. When I'm stoned, I have sometimes paranoid thoughts, feelings of a supernatural world coexisting with reality, and things like that. It is very easy to remember that I'm under the influence of a drug or of a movie or a book, with mandragora,it was not : I had no way to think that it was not true. W

Worse: this feeling stayed with me the next day, just like if I had nearly awaken something supernatural.

I don't know if those thoughts we influenced by those mystical reports I've read online.

I slept very well. I woke up lightly hung over. It was not a problem. No other after effect, except the light but uncomfortable 'supernatural' feeling. I think that this plant is not as benevolent as some other entheogens can be to me. Maybe it likes some poeple, but I dont know if it can be considered as an ally. Not a fun drug, but interesting. 

I'll probably try it again, but even more carefully.