I had been smoking weed all week, stoned outta my skull.  Friday came around I bought 400 mg of AMT, (100mg pills) gave two to my friend, and took two my self. 

 [Erowid Note: 
The dose described in this report is very high, potentially beyond Erowid's 'heavy' range, and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.] 

3:15 Marijauna smoking, lots of it
4:58 Ingestion We smoked 5-6 bowls
6:00 Comeplete insanity:

I started beatboxing, and I seem almost godlike to my friend, I created the most unique sounds with my vocal chords.  I then started throwing around a orange playdoh ball, it seemed as if I were looking through the lens's of a robot, everything was supercharged, and I felt invincible.  

6:10, insanity starts
Everything in the room went crazy, my friend had 2 faces one smeared acrossed his other like a screen was in front of them. (its so difficult to explain)  I soon drifted into a state of insanity, my friend thought of killing him self, I wandered around my upstairs searching for a place to belong.  Running back and forth, up and down the stairs.  All time flew past at unsual paces, I could live out memories, and picture almost anything. My friend was close to being looney as hell.  I tried to lay down several times.  Music was completely utterly unbelievably profound!  So loud and insane!  I turned it off after 3 words.  

My friend wanted to go outside, we opened the door to a vast unpleasant outside, resembling hell, I took one step out and I got embraced by the cold wind, and the intense images.  Everything was purple, black, amazing, appeared like hell.   I tripped out for atleast 10 hours, smoking weed all along the way, my friend was to fucked up and wouldnt smoke more, but I kept on.  We had the most best talks of our lives, we felt so close to death that we now appreciate what we have here.  I am so glad I wasnt stuck in that insanity trip for the rest of my life.

I layed and tripped out like I was mentally disabled, breathing heavily, seeing all kinds of futurisic things, in many colors equipped with different sounds, it was crazy.  I kept smoking weed, drinking grape faygo, everything...

I don't recommend 200 milligrams to anyone, I started on 125, by accident.  Then I took 75's about 4 times, then 100's 5 times, now the weed and 200 mg.  I trip all week