In the backroom of a crusty apartment was when I first discovered a Euphoria that seemed to overpower me.  And let me tell you, the experience was beyond anything I could possibly say about it.  To begin with, a large black man, his wife, and 2 of my friends were sitting in some shady character's apartment drinking Southern Comfort and smoking foilies and pot when the black man stood up, walked out of the room, and returned with a box of baking soda and a spoon.  

It only took me 3.2 to realize what was going on and to be honest, I was completely appolled.  Besides myself, I've never heard anybody talk about crack in a good light and before I tried it, my opinion about it was most definitely negative.  The black man, who I'll call Mothergoose, proceeded to put a good rail or 3 in the spoon along with water and baking soda and heat it.  Then he went ashtray diving looking for some decent tobacco, packed his findings in a bong, and topped it off with a small white rock.  He and his wife smoked it and she went home for some unknown reason. I felt incredably uncomfortable sitting there just staring at Mothergoose the whole time intrigued and obviously very curious.  The look on their faces after they stood up and exhaled reminded me of somebody having an amazing trip: ear to ear grin. 

Since it was clear that I was interested in sampling, Mothergoose picked up some more tobacco,loaded the bong again, and dropped a rock about a quarter of the size of my pinky fingernail into the slide. I told him that I didn't know what to do and he had me hold the bong up to my mouth and said that he would light it and 'guide me through.'

'Suck slower!! You're gonna pull it through!'

And ask soon as my lungs were full I exhaled and got a flick on the wrist for not holding it in.  The only thing I'd smoked before was pot and I assumed smoking crack would follow the same procedure.  I felt something after that first hit but but wasn't sure if I liked it or not.  Then Mothergoose took the tobacco and crushed a rock up into the it.  He told me what it's called when you do that but I didn't bother remembering.  Then he handed me the bong and told me to suck VERY slowly, hold it in as long as possible, and stand up when I exhaled.

I then proceeded to experience the greatest high I've ever known.  I tried to get so much smoke in my lungs that I ended up swallowing it.  I held my breath for like 9 seconds and started to stand up.  I could feel the effects even before I exhaled and and when I did, it was pure bliss.  And the 20 minutes after will not easily be forgotten.  I was so high that I had to sit down before I fell down.  Mothergoose told me that this was as high as I was going to get today and I was slightly disappointed that I wouldn't be able to smoke more.  But at the same time, couldn't have cared less because absolutely nothing could bring me down or upset me. 

The most amazing high I've stubbled over and I couldn't even tell my friends it treated me like a queen, because I couldn't say anything.  All I could do was stare blankly and think to myself about how fantastic it was to be alive.  Let me add a personal comment, not more than 5 days before, my dad had beat me up after coming home 15 minutes late and he told me that if I left his house that 'I would NOT have a father anymore', so it means quite a bit when I say it was fantastic to be alive.  I used to be addicted to Adderall and honestly, this was a euphoria that the first couple hours of a high dose of Adderall doesn't even compare too.

I don't know how well I described that, but it's a really difficult feeling to tell somebody about.  The only thing that I can say to even begin to describe how I felt would be perhaps... eating very good mushrooms and having an amazing trip multiplied by 1902348129084.  

After that hit it became obvious to me that this was definitely something I NEEDED to do more often.  I was basically accepting the fact that I wanted to be addicted to crack and it didn't bother me in the least, despite the fact that 10 minutes earlier I was disgusted by the idea of even trying it.  Lucky for me I'll try any drug once if it's free, or I would have missed out on a high so sweet that I have a hard time even vaguely describing it to people.