It all started when I had to go take care of my mother's cats one night.  She has always been in the hospital off and on for about the last ten years.  I decided to see what was in the medicine cabinet.  I found a bunch of bottles and wrote all the names down and got on the computer and looked them all up.

The one that really caught my eye was Clonazepam.  I read the reports and decided I would give it a try.  There was two bottles.  One with .5 mg pills and one with 1.0 mg pills.  I decided to take three 1.0 mg pills and four .5 mg pills, just to make it so I don't take them out of one bottle.  The amount totaled 5 mg. I drove home and when I got there I went straight to my room and did a little more research on the dosage.  I don't know where I looked, but I had my dosage figured out pretty well.  I went up stairs with the three 1.0 mg pills and took all of them.  I returned downstairs and started talking to people on a lucid dreaming site I visit often.

Fifteen minutes later I decided to take the four .5 mg pills.  After doing this I went and sat down at the computer up stairs with a soda that I bought on the way home from my mom's house.  I talked for a bit on the lucid dreaming site up stairs.  I don't know why I was up stairs, I guess I just felt like looking around outside or something.

After a bit I felt definite effects.  It began to get hard to get up from a sitting position.  I decided to give myself a sobriety test.  I did this by using the edge of a big rug on the floor as a straight line and trying to walk it without going off course.  I tried probably five times and finally passed on my fifth try.  Had to really concentrate to get it done.  I then decided to return to the computer and continue to talk about my little adventure.  But after I sat down and said a few thing's I blanked.

The next thing I remember was my dad shaking me and telling me to wake up and that I shouldn't be sleeping in the middle of the evening.  I looked at the clock and saw that it was 6:00 P.M.  I found this very amazing because of the fact that I blacked out at 2:00 A.M. that day.  I looked down and saw that my soda was tipped over and had been dripping out the whole time, and there was a very large puddle around it from the dripping over a large amount of time.

That gave me a clear indication that I had to be somewhat able to comprehend things.  I made it to the couch to lay down and sleep, and I carried my pop with me.  I don't know if I turned off the computer or not because if it was on, my dad would have turned it off anyways.

I will never take this again.  The feeling was pretty good, but the black out is pretty scary looking back.  I could have fallen down a flight of stairs going trying to go down to my room or possibly wondered outside or something.  I don't suggest messing with this drug at all.