On thursday night, I was sitting on IRC minding my own business when my friend told me he had procured 18 seed packets of heavenly blue morning glory seeds.  

Friday morning:  I walk into the high school's computer lab and give my friend some monetary compensation for the seeds.  At lunch break, I drive to my friend's house and hijack his coffee grinder.  I then pull out my trusty capsule-filling machine and make about forty pills.  I go back to school.

Two-O'clock:  School is out for me, so I drive back to my friends house and pop about fifteen size 00 pills (between six and eight grams).  I sit back and wait.  At about six o'clock we are planning on going to a 2600 meeting, so I decide to go hang out at my favorite coffee shop for a few hours.  

At about 3:50 I notice that I'm feeling a little silly.  My pupils aren't dilated, and the sun is shining very brightly.  I walk into the bathroom at the shop.  Instantly my pupils dilate to a mighty size.  I look into the light..the pupils contract like normal and stay there.  'Odd.' I think. I go outside and start talking to one of my friends (another Cafe Bacci regular).  At that point, at about two hours after taking the pills, I feel a body high.  Closed eye visuals are intense, and I see some tracers.  I put on my sunglasses even though it is cloudy, because it is very bright.      
Six O'clock arrives.  I hop into my friends hopped-up low-riding bass-thumping gold-rimmed volvo and we zoom off to the city.  

At about Eight O'clock, my experience is still going strong.  I don't feel any need to throw up like last time.  I'm very social (more than normal) and I have heightened senses.  

Eleven O'clock:  Residual effects, such as Closed eye visuals.  Pupils still dilated, but it's really weird how they contract and stay when in direct light.  Feeling good, go to bed.  Have many lucid (not lucid but lifelike) dreams.  

Wake up the next morning feeling good.  No hang-over, but it feels like all my thinking is being performed in the front of my brain and in my eyes.
  
Moral of story:  I had fun, legally, and I had no adverse side-effects.  BTW:  I purchased seeds that did not have the do not ingest logo on the back, so they weren't coated with toxins.  This was my second experience with Morning Glories...the first one was a little different because of what seemed like poisons on the seeds.  During that experience, I had a feeling of being stoned most of the time, I had an intense body high, and I threw up about five hours into the trip.  Visuals were very intense at the time.  I remember being pulled over by the police and looking in my side-view mirror because it was like watching them on TV.  All I got was a fix-it ticket even though my Pupils were very large..I guess it was that contraction thing.