I took the 2CT7 15mg by swallowing in a gelcap and 15mg held in mouth with saliva while it absorbed. 1 hour later (with no effects yet) I took just under 1/2 or about 50mg of X by mouth and mixed with saliva for 10-15 minutes while swallowing a bit here and a bit there. This method on the Xeeps my stomach/intestines from complaining with strong diarrahea (it worked--no blowouts). 

t+ 1:hr Was getting very excited - I felt it was the ecstacy come on. For some reason, lately, before the x fully hits, I get a strong body load buzz. Began sweating and buzzing with a whirl of x. 

t+ 2:hr I gave up my construction project as I was experiencing the 2ct7 come on (this is my second try - having taken 15 mg one other time on an empty stomach without noticeable results. 

t+ 2:30 Beginning intense visuals, with strong tracers. Each tracer is a rainbow of bright, beautiful color. The computer screen changes color in light hues from strong pink, to green, to blue. closed eye visuals are rich and deep. I can follow them forever. 

t+ 3:30 Experience is even stronger with an empathogenic quality. I wonder if it will get any stronger as I don't have a sitter on hand though I am talking to wife on phone and have let her know what I've done. Laying on the floor the white textured ceiling is alive with a reddish/purple circuit-vine with bright yellow spots that move on the circuit while the circuit-vine also moves, first one way and then another - gorgeous. 

t+ 4:30 Still going - Wow. I hear or feel the call of some deep vibration from outdoors that is saying to take the shoes from off my feet for the ground upon which I am standing is Holy ground - Nice biblical touch. And I do so - I desire to be naked outside but worry about the neighbors and our kids coming home from school. The call continues. Rich, spiritual imagery and thought consciousness continue but I've been here before and tell it that I can only participate to a certain level right now... it fades gradually as I move on to other topics... writing is very difficult and I would like to relax.

t+ 5:30 Some lessening in intensity but still wayyyy fun. I'm glad I gave up the power tools. Finished an email to a girl-friend (only took me 2 and 1/2 hours to write amidst all the swirling, psychedlic patterns and really great tracers. With the x wearing down a bit I can now come back from God-space and finish and send. Whew! Sometimes the depth and intensity of my spiritual states get so very, very deep and beautiful; the awesome appreciation for mother nature, Native Americans, the various worlds of dimension and form and color and depth and hue - speak of a controlling force at its root but a root, nonetheless that cannot be touched, seen, smelled, tasted, felt ... and yet can be at the material level. I spend a lot of time here.

t+ 7:00 Strong visuals nearly all gone, x after-effects, need a bit of food - barely eat a bowl of soup - give rest to freaky cat - who told me her name was Tiffany earlier - bitch. Halloween night and I crack a beer, start a big fire in fireplace and enjoy the beautiful spirits of All Hallows Eve with family and kids teenage friends.

Lovely journey.