(3:30). Wow this is soooo weird, I'm writing this while I'm on it, so it may or not make sense. I took it @ about 2:40 or like 2:30, (ill add to it as I come along) I dint feel anything till I got home and now I'm sort of tired, like my eyes are heavy but its not that bad. I'm listing to techno and it blows my mind, and I remember a lot of cool stuff I did in the past, but I usually feel that when I listen to techno, but I'm thinking a bit more in depth anyway... I can't feel my left arm or hand but I can still type. I feel wicked weird I feel a dash of reality and I feel wicked weird and its cool. I have no perception of time. This is wack. I'm a little scared to sleep now because my lungs aren't involuntary I have to control it my self, and that is a bit scary. Wow I wrote all this already! It's been 4 minutes. If I move I feel even cooler. I love techno. I'm a little angry because I dint see anything yet but I did see a bird disappear when I went for a walk around 2:29, my friend was not on it and she saw it too then but saw them after they got up and flew, but I saw them disappear. Ill be back I want to do a whippet...

(3:38). I walked down stairs and I couldn't feel my body. I found out I can't tell perspectives, I was throwing something away and it fell a lot farther. It seemed I was up close but it looked far away after I dropped it...Whippets...damn it barely has any gas...o well...this is cool. I'm coming down a tad bit its now and I'm going to eat the watermelon.

(3:43). I'm coming down a bit more a little. Wow I was going to do something on another web page. Wait I remembered just now 1 min later. I'm getting light headed vs. later in the trip my head was heavy. I'm going to call my friend. That was boring...

(3:53). I'm going to dance

(4:01). I feel numb still and when I move I feel wicked cool.

(4:05). I stared at a piece of paper and saw yellow but I know there's no yellow. I just hear my friend say 'your an idiot' but he's not here. I just hear someone say 'what the fuck was that?' and now I'm a bit more tyred 

(4:16). Techno is not as interesting as it was. I just saw a piece of paper fly by my head, and my keyboard looks green, now red. I just discovered if I suddenly just move as fast as possible I will feel extra high feeling. Sitting is not a good way to trip.
 
(4:22). My body just twitched cus I heard a noise. A large 'THUMP' noise. FUCK I'm seeing a man flipping burgers on my grill in my computer where there are black spots.

(4:40). Ill write the rest later I'm board. I still feel the high but it dulled again.

(4:43). B 4 I wrote that I remember seeing a guy cooking on my grill. I feel very heavy. I just closed my eyes and I saw my other friend. 

My trip went like this: less high and then higher then less then more. 

Well the entire trip was excellent I loved it and I hope to do it again sometime in the future, I recommend trying this drug LIGHTLY and NEVER drink alcohol with this drug.