9/9/2000

Without any doubt, smoking Salvia divinorum right after a very powerful 35 mg 2C-T-7 trip was the strangest artificial experience I have ever had.  Stranger yet, for much of the time after smoking the herb I became unaware of even having taken any psychoactive substances.  What I do remember from the experience was all from re-entry because I have no memory of the initial peak.  I am leaving out the details of the 2C-T-7 trip for a separate report even though I was still tripping immensely when I smoked the salvia, 6 hr after ingestion.

I was staying at my parent's place, making sure the house wouldn't walk away while they were on vacation.  I was rather nervous before smoking it, because the Salvia divinorum experience has always a little unsettling to me, and this time I was tripping.  But I was looking for a total out of body experience and I figured this combination would do it.  I sat on the couch, and my friend who was also tripping watched over me.  The lights were off, and we put on 'Hurdy Gurdy Man' by Donovan.  I took my hit.  As I said, I don't remember what happened during the peak, and I mean nothing.  The song itself is four minutes long, so I blacked out for at least that long.  I do not recall hearing a single note after taking in the smoke.

My first memory was of being in the middle of the most intense Salvia flash I ever had.  And I actually thought I was in my ex-girlfriend's apartment.  Of course at the time I was watching my parent's house.  After that brief awareness of the Salvia divinorum dimension, I suddenly blacked out again.

The next thing I remember was being right back where I started from (the couch in my parents house), only all of the significant people in my life were now in the room with me.  Aunts, friends, and my ex-girlfriend.  I knew something was weird because they weren't supposed to be there.  Suddenly I came to the conclusion I was dead and now just a spirit in the room watching as they paid their last respects.  It made sense at the time.

I was not scared or worried at any time during the experience, just very confused.  And at no time did I feel like I was high, tripping, altered, or anything (other than a general confusion) after that initial salvia flash I experienced.  I am not sure how long that state lasted, but suddenly I knew I wasn't dead anymore, though I don't know what actually made me realize this.  It dawned on me that I was in some altered state of consciousness and something unforeseen had then happened.  Was I near death?  I felt all right, just very confused.  But all of those people were there, my girlfriend, my aunt, and various others.  I reasoned that something must have been wrong.

I am unclear how long that delusional state lasted, but when I started walking around and my friend grabbed a hold of me for my own safety, I realized I was tripping and had smoked Salvia divinorum.  Still being quite confused, I asked where my ex-girlfriend was, but my friend quickly cleared that situation up.  After that, I was in a state of complete shock; both for the general weirdness and realness of what little I did remember, and for actually seeing and possibly talking to entities that were so real.  In fact, I am not so sure they weren't real.  Within a half-hour after smoking the herb, the only effects that remained were those of the 2C-T-7.  What I experienced was truly a glimpse of the other side.