I am relatively expirienced with drugs in general and have never shied away from a high or a trip but this was definitely one of the most physically painful sessions Ive Had. For somone my size (120lbs.) I guess I took a rather large dose (4 1/2 tbsp) this was probably my second biggest mistake, second only to trying to trip off of a kitchen spice. 

I grated the whole nutmeg by hand resulting in a fine and very fragrant powder which I then proceeded to down in tablespoons, drinking about a glass of cranberry juice with each. The taste is unimaginably awful. Worse than shrooms, morning glory, datura and just about everything else I have ever tasted. But what made it worse was that it had the consistency of sawdust and liquid was of almost no use in washing it down. I still shudder today when I think about it, really. 

The first thing I noticed was my stomach felt like it was trying to devour itself. After 30 minutes I felt horrible stomach cramps, nausea, and intense chills. This was not good as I was in a very public place which I will not disclose and people were giving me odd looks, as I was obviously ill. I throw up on the floor of this public place much to my friend's dismay. 

I decided to return home about an hour and a half later and that's when the good effects set in. Under no circumstance would I consider Nutmeg a hallucinogen. I experienced no hallucinations or altered thinking and the only noticable affect was my skin was extremly sensitive and it felt very good to be in constant motion. I also had a slight drunken intoxication which did not feel as comfortable as with alcohol. This lasted for a few hours and the next morning I awoke with a hangover similar to with alcohol but not quite as severe.

Bottom line: don't try it. 

I know that me saying this may have no effect on you but take it from me, a man with exprrience, a man stupid enough to ignore similar reports and who paid for it. If you want an inexpensive trip go for morninglory or hawaiian baby woodrose at least those will actually make you trip after the nausea.