Yesterday night, I was craving something that was going to really fuck me up, because the bag of midgrades I had wasn't cutting it for me. So I decided to take the Ambien that was given to me by a friend a few weeks ago.

She told me to take both of the 10 mg pills, because one would just put me to sleep. I spent some time online reading up on experiences, and they seemed mostly positive. Most of the people took only 10 mg, however, and since I had never taken this stuff before I decided to start off with just one to see how it would affect me. I heard it was supposed to kick in rather quickly, between 15-20 minutes, so I didn't think I'd have to wait long.

About fifteen minutes later, I smoked a cigarette and still didn't feel anything. I went on a cruise with some friends and smoked a couple bowls. I was really stoned--more stoned than I felt I should be for 2 bowls of midgrades shared among 4 people--and when I got out of the car I felt like nothing around me was real. I told this to my friend, but she said she felt like that lot when she got stoned on campus, so I thought maybe I was just high afterall.

We went to the library to wait for our other friend and I still wasn't sure if I was feeling it. I made some phone calls and noticed that even though I had all the words in my head, I had a hard time saying them right. I climbed up on some benches and started walking on them, and I noticed that my equilibrium seemed to be slightly off, but it didn't seem too odd. I went into the library bathroom and noticed that I looked really fucked up . . . my eyes were extremely bloodshot and my pupils were tiny, the same as they get with vicodin and the like. But I decided that it had been a long time, and I wasn't really feeling much yet, so I took the other pill.

As soon as I took it, I practically slammed myself into the bathroom door as I tried to exit. After that, my friends and I decided to get something to eat, and that's when the confusion set in. It's really hard to describe what I was feeling, and it was impossible to describe to my friends last night. We got to the store and for some reason I decided to get carrot sticks and a carton of milk. We sat down to eat and I drank the milk, but couldn't down the carrot sticks. My friend had sushi, which I've never thought looked appealing, but for some reason I decided to try it. He gave me a piece and even though my intent was to eat it, I just ended up pulling the whole thing apart and playing with it in my hands. Everything was getting really weird and I was aware of my surroundings but very, very confused. I knew that nothing was really different than usual, but I had no idea what was going on.

We headed to my friend's apartment and I called my boyfriend, meaning to leave a message telling him to call me later. Except I was so fucked up that I don't even know what I ended up saying. As soon as we got there, I dropped my stuff on the floor (forgetting I had a bubbler in my bag), ran to the bathroom and puked. I still felt nauseous and confused and I went into the room where everyone was sitting. I knew everyone in the room, but I didn't recognize most of the people for about 20 minutes. My friend kept asking me if I wanted him to take me back, but I was too confused to say yes or no. Finally, some other people were heading back so I decided to get a ride with them since it was obvious I wasn't going to have fun there. Before I left, I puked again.

I got back to my room and felt slightly relieved to be in a familiar setting, but I was still very confused. I called my boyfriend again, thinking I could leave a more coherent message, except he answered and I tried to describe what was happening to me, without very much success because all I could say was 'I'm so confused.' I didn't feel much better until I settled into bed and put in Super Troopers. After the first five minutes, I realized I wasn't going to stay awake for the movie and fell into a deep sleep. I woke up this morning feeling rested, but my body ached all over and I fought the urge to take some vicodin. I went to one class and afterward was exhausted and went back to my room and crashed for hours.

I definitely won't be in a hurry to try Ambien again.