Somehow my friend came across some tma-2. I have no idea how I got this blessing but I am so grateful! My set was pretty positive. I had just been starting to feel normal again after being depressed for a while. I had been looking forward to trippin all day but, had been waiting for a diffrent phenethylamine. The other one never turned out when my phone rang around 9. My friend felt like trippin and offered the tma-2. An hour later he arrived. 

At 10:50 we weighed the dosage. It was within 4 mg because the scale weighs in 2 mg incriments. We mixed it in water and drank it at 10:50, both on pretty full stomaches. I had set up a Mini disk recorder and I will summarize some of the recording. 

'The taste was somewhat like the smell of Malathyon' I said. 

11:13 We smoke a bowl. When we finish I am noticing some slight effects. 

11:20 I head outside to play with juggling sticks and sit in the garden a moment. 

While I was sticking I started to note a sense of well being. I also noted a slight jitter to my muscle movement but this could have been due to the cold. I thought to myself I could feel that psychedelic glow radiating out of my friend who had just returned from a psychedelics-related conference. He seemed filled with their psychonautic energy. 

11:18 I head outside to play with juggling sticks and sit in the garden a moment. 

11:35 I come in and take note that it has a lucid headspace somewhat like mescaline. I describe the body feeling as more a high pitched hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Mescaline is more like an undulating low pitched vibration. 

11:37 slight neausea but super minor compared to most things. Body load mild. 

Up till 11:50 it rises very slowly. Happiness and energectic stimulation. Sort of like amphetamine. Mild muscle tension. laughing is easy and at times uncontrolable. My mind is lucid and coherant like mescaline.  

12:00 the body is smoothing out just slightly. Sense of wanting to talk is strong. Usualy I am the type to spend most the time up till the decline starts just lounging in bed listening to music with eyes closed and talking very little. I tell my friend that the structure of the drug seems to really correlate with its effect. Its everything I always exprected a psychedelic amphetamine to be. It is the only one I have tried. 

The next hour or so is spent talking about various things. We both seem to be feeling smarter, on top of things, coherant, and our conversation has a few nice insights. 

After two hours we leave my room and head out to the living room. Visuals are similar to mescaline but a bit less. We get online and look at some Art and graphics. We find some great stuff which has us laughing. 

1:20 am We go back in the bedroom and take some bong tokes. We are coming onto a nice plateu. Effects are intensified by the pot. We mostly talk and listen to gentle ambient music. Still very insightful and laughing laughing laughing. Slumping over on my bed the belly convulses as wave after wave goes over me. Absolute blissful laughter. So healing, just what I needed as the final closure to the depressed times I had been in. I haven't laughed like that since many many years ago during my first few trips. 

Our conversation is delightful and continues into the wee hours. We are suprised how talkative we are. Both of us usually are introspective. Without talking the trip would have been somewhat boring. Its effects were not as profound as mescaline, mushrooms, acid, etc. I probably could have drove a car in an emergency and so I say it was a plus 2 or so. Around 3 we smoke another bowl. It was probably the peak. We put on alien dreamtime and, discussion about terence theories were great. On the last track I closed my eyes and the string of events was a perfect psychedelic moment. I disolved into hyperspace the details I'll save for myself. I went to hard plus three flirting with plus 4 in moments. I thought if he speaks at this moment I might die. He did and I was speechless. About 5 min later I managed to utter a few words. I forced myself to sit up and it faded away. I was left with shaky muscles and fight or flight from the adrenaline it made my body stiff and the already minor muscle tension increased dramatically. 

After a while I decided a small hit of salvia to help my body relax would be just right. So I packed just a threshold dose of salvia leaf and it made me feel better. 

At 6 am I ate some toast. 

At 7 I took 50 mg diphenyldramine to help sleep. I was still slightly off baseline and stimulated but almost all the way down. I fell asleep fast and slept well till 4. 

When I woke up I felt tired and groggy but I suspect it was the diphenyldramine, late hour, lack of sleep and dehydration. 

All and all a blissful healing insightful experience. A great therapeutic tool due to its low body load and its tendency towards bliss. There where no dark places as it says in pihkal. I think it would be really hard to have a bad trip with this material at the level I tried. Body load minimal. Tiny bit of muscle tremor lingering into the next day but gone by 48 hours. Extra happy for some 3 days now. I'm still glowing! This stuff must have been made illegal because its just so good! Another drug war casualty!