Ok i first want to start out saying that i am 14 and have experienced 20X Salvia many times in the last month. I have had many VERY INTENSE trip with drug and have a few recomendations for those who want to experiment with.

I have tripped in all places. Inside,outside,day, and night and i have come to the conclusion of where the best place is to experience this strong drug. I personally like to be, alone in my room at night with a little bit of light on(lava lamp, or open the window blinds).

The first time i tripped on salvia was very extreme. I was very excited to do it and barely gave the drug the respect it deserved. My friend and me went outside and sat on my deck. I took one hit and before I let it out (about 30-45 seconds in) I began to trip. For me the trip hits me like a train. I get lifted off into a difference universe. But any ways, this is a bad idea and I do not recommend doing it outside if you intend to get up and walk somewhere afterwards. I like it best when I just take a hit somewhere where I am just going to sit or lay for the next 5 minutes or so.

HERE IS SOME ADVICE FOR THINGS TO DO>

+Have a drink of some sort to wash out the taste. Water is the best I thing because carbonation might feel as though it is stinging your tongue.
+Do not intend to do any activity while on salvia. A lot of people plan to do stuff on their first trip but my advice is just to find a place where you can park it for 5 minutes and be comfortable.
+Don't where a lot of clothes. This drug will make you sweat and it will b hot. Also don't where uncomfortable clothes. I prefer wearing baggy sweat pants and a large t-shirt.
+Do it in a mellow environment. My best trips have been alone in my room with the lights off and my eyes closed.
+MISTAKE! A lot of people freak their selves out on this drug. Just always keep in mind that the drug have a very short duration and it will all be over in a short amount of time. For me a trip might only last like 5 minutes and I will have after effects for 10 mins. Very short.
+

So… I hope you all take this advice and plan your trip around it because I promise that it will make it that much more enjoyable.

Also keep in mind that if you don't do these things that you aren't going to like die. It will just make for a more enjoyable trip. You will have fun either way

AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST!!!

NEVER DO THIS DRUG WHEN YOU ARE AROUND SOMEONE WHO YOU THINK WONT KNOW. When you are in a trip you really really trip. I don't suggest doing it in PUBLIC, or at a party, unless it is a rly tight group of your best buds.

Have fun!