Yage, LSD, Chaliponga (D. Carberana), Cannabis

SET: I've taken a day off from studies to explore the Other, bacause soon I'll be forced to spend most of my days on studies.
SETTING: Home, alone - for the most part.

3:30am / T+0:0
Downed 25g of B.Caapi liquid extract, which was prepared 3 weeks before.

T+0:30
1 hit of Hoffman 2000 blotter (LSD) under the tongue. None of the characteristic Yage buzzing effects in the ears so far.

T+0:55
I can feel the Yage. No buzzing sound in my ears, but Yage is definitely here. My stomach just a slight bit uneasy. The Yage/harmala high seems to be like a heavily sedated one. I feel a little numb and lucid, but nothing near a true psychedelic way. 

T+1:5
Visual reality is slowly changing. Mind operating feels like its about to burst into a full psychedelic state.

T+1:10
Feeling altered, but still more on the Caapi than the acid. No wonder.

T+1:15
Weird electrical skin sensations. Like feeling the electrical charge of my body passing through my skin.

T+1:35
Closer inspection brings visual around everything. Different types than acid (and acid with S.Rue). This feels totally grabbing of me. No happy, go-go stuff. It feels serious. I think thats from the sedated/altered feeling of the Caapi alone - it infuses the voyage with a different quality.

T+2h
I watch a colorful blanket turn into a sea of morphing colour. In semi darkness, visions of trees appear. Their stems seem to be mapped on the walls and their branches bloom and blossom into the ceiling. Also, Escher type visials of lizards are apparent in darkness. They have a characteristic yellow/orange/red type of quality - I think this is from the Caapi.

During this last hour and a half I try again and again to force myself to down some D. cabrerana extract, which was prepared 3 weeks before - and unfortunately burnt to a caramelose goo in the process of reducing - so, it tastes more foul and the idea of gulping it down is hard to manage. This has happened before, trying to down the Ayahuasca admixture - I feel spaced and my limbs seem easy and light - and I feel altered enough, already, to take anything more.

So, I manage to down half of approx. 80g cooked (and burnt) D. cabrerana. To my pleasant surprise, the alkaloids are active, even though they formed a caramelosed goo. I nearly puke, even as I drink it. I manage to keep my mind in control, thinking that it's only the mind that will triger the puking. I salivate as hell for 2-3 minutes, but the nausea slips. No puke. I am not too sure about how much the admixture affected my voyage at this point, but later on I realised it was definitely active.

T+2:55
I am (still) peaking. Yage is a totally different feeling. I spend most of my time in silent darkness trying to have a 'conversation with the Other'. This is less sucessful than previous attempts - however I still feel strongly that I will be exploring entheogens alone, in silent darkness.

T+3:05
I swallow rest of the DC. I felt that it wouldn't be so much of a problem this time and I'm correct. I immidiately feel the effects of the DMT. It manifests in blue-purple neonish kind of visuals around everything. Watching the snow outside, edges seem blurred in a cartoon vision of sorts. The feeling of the voyage changes - there is a more ancient, sacred, ethnic feel to it, something more grounded than the acid feeling.

T+...
I feel like a input processor of sorts. I process food, information, light and what not. Whilst in this state, the inputs to my system seem very obvious. Eg. food, DMT - I can feel it straight as it enters my system.
A second time, I'm totally into this 'systems' trip scenario. Everything is a system and the system is everything.

My thoughts go around pondering the meaning of different kinds of systems. Education systems, human body system, social systems, economic systems etc.

The Yage/DMT however gave a little different quality to this. It felt more integrated, more at home and more 'earthy' - not a kind of high-tech paranoid mind-fuck psychedelic quality.

I must note that I've been getting entities, almost all the time. I've been in the company of a huge tentacled ball- it seems etched into the design of everything - like a shadow cast over my field of vision. On it's tentacles, multicolored letters seem to appear from time to time. From time to time, on two of the tentacles, wicked eyes appear - these seem like the tykes/plastikman type of entities I've already met. Another interesting thing is, that in pitch black darkness, a very definite aparatus which looks like an insect vacuum cleaner of sorts, appears in front of my head - it seems attached to it, with tentacles very similiar to the tentacles of the tentacled ball, yet somehow very different - they feel like an aparatus, not like organic tentacles as is the case with the ball.

They don't seem to be very communicative - last time the inner dialogue thing, feeling like the Other is talking to me, was more active. This time there was less 'chatter'. I must note that this feeling is not really like talking to the entities I'm getting, but like talking to the Other - the 'Everything else'. 

Another thing to note is the audio hallucinations - they were a lil' less active for the most, but there were a few bursts of activity, when they would make short phrases of flanged, phased rhytms. 

T+11h
I smoke some sinsemillia mixed with some regular dope and proceed to having a total vision. I take a cup with a little water and put it in front of my eyes. In the reflections from the water and the cup, real visions appear.
I see a cosmic space, filled with stars/dots - these stars make objects, like planets, bicycles and other random things. This sort of thing has never happened before.

Moving the glass a little, chanting and moving my whole body helps this general synaesthesia. I feel that language/meaning, streamed from the domain of the mind into this real world just drives this thing mad - it responds presenting beauty in the form of visions/visuals. 
I am not too sure about the next part, but I think that in this cosmic joke I was a part of, I met a new sort of entities - it feels blured right now, but I'm sure the next time around this happens, I'll remember them more clearly.

T+15h
After a while, my mind feels really exhausted from all of this - the cannabis did a real clouding effect after the peak of effects. I felt a little helpless, trapped in another dimension - I just couldn't laugh at things, like I did before. I wished for some sleep, but I couldn't have any - I just lay, relaxing on the bed. I think this was more from the fact that I was awake for more than 24h, than from the effects of the entheogens.

T+18h 
I am feeling generally better and safely landing. I take a shower and head outside. A few short outbursts of colours appear from time to time. After visiting a friend, we go to a cafe, generally chill and have a beer, smoke a J.

T+24h 
I am home, I feel sleepy as hell and I'm reexperiencing shorts bursts of the tyke entities into my visual field. Nothing serious. I head to sleep and fall asleep at once - I was overexhausted.

After 12h of sleep, next day a general sense of saturation of the mind is present. I will probably never try mixing an ayahuasca brew with LSD, have doubts if I'll even mix it with cannabis. Plain ayahuasca feels more 'sacred', but whats more important it is much different on the body and the mind. After ayahuasca a general sense of well being follows for days afterward. Even the next day, I'm ready to go on to do whatever is to be done. This is not the issue with other psychedelics, like acid, even tho' in the long term I do get to slowly integrate the meaning of what happened.

Another thing I must report is a feeling in the stomach - like I have something to digest, but it's present all the time - never fully digested. This seems present with both S.Rue and Yage, more pronounced with Rue tho'. I feel if I purged I'd get rid of it and have a good cleansed feeling. Didn't purge tho'.

I'm surprised to see very few reports of mixed MAOI with acid - and people get this idea it's a bad thing. I've had really nice journeys mixing Rue with acid and Yage too. With Rue, the acid is the one thing that feels more prominent, while with the Yage a very different quality infuses the acid trip. For me, Rue serves more of a general 'booster' of the acid, while Yage with acid can be used for a more spiritual experience. Also, I think the characteristic 'perfect' geometric visuals of acid are substituted with more mellow, smooth edgey ones.

All in all, a very good journey - a type of journey which doesn't start with a general 'positive' feeling, but is a journey that I appreciate and wouldn't be without in the end.