[Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!] 

I was given a prescription of Lorazapam to from my dentist to relieve tension in my jaw.  He said it was like valium so I thought to take it like I took valium so w/ out looking and the prescribed dosage I took 3 and went about my days errands and went to pick up my car from the shop.  

As I was driving home I noticed that the effects of the drug were becoming very different from valium.  I began noticing the ground swoop up at me, and was very glad to have made it home safely.  At this point I knew something very insane was going on and the situation turned darker as my father began to argue w/ me about the condition of the car and all I could think was that I was losing my mind and was engrossed by how calm he'd become when I yelled at him. I was able to break away from the torment and go into my old bedroom and seek the console of my cat (which was telepathically communicating sympathy to me) and I noticed the sheets were sliding off the bed. 

At this point the wall which was a white background covered in red and blue airplanes turned black and the entire room was ripped away and I was floating in a bright, sunset orange expanse...something about this place felt familiar and I was surprised to not be terrified by being in this other dimension. I was then approached by a giant pillar w/ three faces on it (it looked kind of like the Easter Island statues) and it appeared to be a guardian of some sort and that I wasn't supposed to be here and it opened one of it's mouths and shot out this flood of light that was also a sound that vibrated my entire being and as I looked up I saw a translucent purple and a translucent green insectoid looking pair of aliens swirl down at me then I came back into the room. The rest of the day was a strange relationship w/ shadows and weird fluctuations in light patterns, but I have had only one other experience in which I could say that I was perceiving other dimensions (other than lucidity work during dreaming consciousness).