I have taken 8ths of Cubensi mushrooms on two different occasions. Besides weed and alcohol these were the only drugs I had ever used recreationally. Until yesterday. A friend of mine told me that Adderall and weed felt like ecstasy. I have always been tempted by ecstasy, but I don't want to do it and am seeking an alternative. I bought some Adderall from my friend who is selling the 30 mg pills she is prescribed with. I have ADD, and have been prescribed with Concerta, so I knew I might need more than most people to get high off of the Adderall. I knew that Adderall was stronger though, so at noon I took 30 mg to start. About an hour later I decided I needed more, so I took another 30. About 45 minutes later I was babbling very fast to my friends and could definitely feel the effects. I don't really remember the raw Adderall effects at that time. We started smoking. I got about a half of the first bowl and half of the second. I continued taking hit after hit after hit. I could no longer feel the smoke. I was feeling a sort of energy force coursing through my body, the kind that is felt on weed, but this time it was incredibly intense. I thoroughly enjoyed it, and so I continued smoking. My mind began slipping away, I was becoming almost unaware of what I was doing. My friends left to go have sex. 

I then experienced something so strange and amazing that I am still having trouble believing it. Neither of the mushroom trips were comparable to it. I lost all of my memory. All of it. I began to pace. This was probably an automatic physical response, not a conscious one at all. I was acting on muscle memory alone. For a while I didn't know who I was, where I was, I had no idea what was going on. All of a sudden, my memory began to come back, but in a very sloppy manner. Words swarmed through my head. I had no idea what words were, let alone what they meant. It took me a minute before I was able to actually associate words with their meanings. I then realized that my memory was there, I just had to sort through it and get my bearings. I listened to music, though I didn't really know what music was. I went upstairs to get some of my school yearbooks to jog my memory about my classmates. This was sort of an exercise on the way towards getting all of my memory back intact.

To sum up the trip, it was as if my memory had been put in a blender and put back into my mind. At first I was a completely new person, like a newborn baby. What kind of experience could be more intense than that? When I get stoned, and even while tripping on mushrooms, I can try to act sober, and I can attempt to look upon the world as if I was sober. But in this case, I started out with no knowledge of the universe at all, all I could do was try and piece together the bits and pieces of my memory I was given.

There is no way to prepare for this trip mentally, and physically I don't think it was very safe. I did not run or do anything particularly strenuous and yet my pulse was at 160 beats per minute most of the time. It was at 120 all of last night. I didn't sleep at all. It is 8 am the next morning. I can still feel the effects of the Adderall and I am quite worried. My heart rate is still at about 100-110 beats per minute and I wouldn't be able to sleep if I tried. This was not a good experience for me, although I am in pretty good shape and will probably be alright. I've been having a dull, frustrating, and paranoid comedown all night. Don't do this, you don't know how you might react to it.