The other day I got the opportunity to try some 4-AcO-DMT again. I went with 18 mgs, I was at a peak in 45mins or so good visuals, mandalas and large patterns, kind of dim. I have noticed a sharp edge on the come up, I have never been in it but I notice it is there. My headspace was fairly clear but scattered with a few different loops that wouldn't clear up, nothing major just scattered, I have had a lot going on and been busy that might have had a lot to do with it. 

I wanted to try a breakthrough dose of N,N-DMT so after about 45min into the trip I smoked 30mgs in 2 nice big hits in 2 breaths. I went to a place were I existed in between a thought and a moment everything was patterns and strange shapes with bright colors and big contrast like a psychedelic cartoon land and I was a cartoon but a made up of parts from about 5 different cartoons. 

The only thing of myself I could retain was "I am me". I exist here for a bit seemed like a week but it was timeless very powerful like being on the edge of the universe or existing in a free fall in a timeless endless place. 

The 2 chemicals blended very nicely and made a different experience then either one of them, a lot of bright colors and big contrasts it gave the whole experience a cartoon theme. When I came back to myself in this realm the pieces of my ego started coming together again and making me who I was but it was still a cartoon theme and everything looked cartoonish. All of the scattered loops that I had earlier came back and just turned to love and understanding and resolved. I was filled with love and joy. 

This was a very powerful experience more then a normal DMT experience, I am amazed at the awareness and amount I can remember form this experience most powerful breakthroughs I remember bits and peaces but I remember almost the entire time it has giving me a lot to reflect on and is in the top 3 experiences for me, a solid ++++. I felt some fear on the come up of the N,N-DMT but that is normal every time I try a new comb of chemicals and up the dose, but other then that very loving and nice.