Though I've had the Cebil seeds for about a month, tonight I felt called to make my introduction to this plant teacher.  Siberian Motherwort is already a friend of mine, and we speak regularly.  

I had read a positive report online concerning mixing Cebil with Dagga, another plant in the same family, also containing leonurine.  Seeing as the active ingredients were the same, and I had some on hand, I decided to wing it.

Contrary to how the snuff is prepared, I did not heat the seeds, as it seemed that since I was going to smoke them it was not necessary.  Next time, I might not omit this step.

After removing the brittle outer husk, I mashed up the tan inner seed into a fine powder.  The seeds were quite brittle and shot all over the place when I first attempted this with a spoon.  I eventually used a garlic press to crush them down, then turned them into a powder using a spoon.  

Next, I eyeballed out an equivalent volume of Siberian Motherwort, and crushed it down to a powder using a spoon.  The report I had read used a much lower dose of Dagga, but the Motherwort is less potent, so I increased the amount.  

After I had rendered them both into a powder, I mixed them together, and then put them into the pipe I usually use for the Motherwort (which has never been used for Cannabis).  There was a layer of Motherwort on the bottom to act as a screen.  

Using a small torch, I took the first toke, long and slow.  Though it was somewhat harsh, it was less so than I had expected.  The taste wasn't bad, but it wasn't exactly pleasant either.  Almost immediately my face felt prickly and flushed, and I felt lightheaded.  It seemed to act as a stimulant, and I could feel my pulse quicken and my skin flush, but that could very well have been psychosomatic.  I continued to smoke, and took maybe ten hits of various sizes before feeling that I had taken enough (this was maybe 2/3 of the bowl). I then lay back onto a pillow to enjoy the rest of the experience.

The physical effects were immediate, but the mental effects took a minute or so to really kick in.  It wasn't anything particularly overwhelming, but I could sense an increased connection to the plant world, as well as an opening of the root and the third eye chakra.  I felt grounded and serene.  Somewhere along in there, a mild nausea crept up, but it wasn't anything I couldn't manage.  

Colors appeared more vivid, and my hearing seemed to be much more acute than normal.  There was a brief sensation of things starting to move around, but nothing really coalesced into visuals.  I did notice a small white dot of light briefly appear in my field of vision at two points.  

I could sense, rather than see, a moving mandala pattern encompassing my entire field of vision, and it was much more apparent when I closed my eyes.  After using my hands to block out the ambient light, this became much more clear, along with a weird sort of strobe effect.  At this point, my ears also began to ring slightly.  

There were also some rather interesting psychic effects, but I suggest that if you're into that kind of thing you form a relationship with these plants and investigate it for yourself.

The peak of the experience lasted around ten minutes, then I felt it quickly slip away.  All in all it was very pleasant, and I was glad to have met what I feel is a very wise plant teacher.  I'm certain that we will speak again in the future, and I look forward to the lessons that it will teach me.