I had heard of this legal plant extract called Salvia. I went to the local headshop to buy a pipe and saw that they had some for sale. I thought, why the fuck not. I bought some 10X and sprinkled some on a bowl. Not much effect. I thought what the hell, I just got ripped off. Nope. Later on that day while sober, my friend and I decided to give 'er a good try. 

We filled up a couple of nice bowls worth and took them all down in a hit. We decided to hold them in as long as we could. Bad idea. Almost immeiately after my freind took his hit, he said hey I'm feeling it. Then it went downhill. Or maybe not...I'm not sure what really happened. I say, lets sit down. As i say this, my voice lowers to a deep sloowwww tone. Like a screwed and chopped song. I was like whhhaaat. Then it wouldn't go away. 

We sit down and I look over at my freind as he is looking at me, his eyeballs float down 2 inches into his cheeks. At the same time I feel a powerful force pulling me down in my upper body. Like if gravity were all of a sudden intensified by like 4 times. I am now starting to wonder if it is going to stop. Now I can't get my freind to respond to me. I am shaking him and grabbing his face, he is not here. He wasn't with me for about 2 minutes. After I get him out, he can't believe that he is back in reality and freaks out. I'm telling him to calm down, but he can't. We manage to get ourselves downstairs in my basement and he lays down. Now sweating a lot and hearing running water. After we both calmed down, I wondered how that happened. He started telling me what happened to him. Unreal. He said when he was out he felt like he was on the page of a book and when I shook him he was being pulled off of the page and thrown back into reality. He obviously couldn't handle this transition. I tell him that I also felt weird, but in a different way. 
   
The day after, I was wondering very curiously about this plant. I try it again. This time I don't hallucinate but I do have a life changing experience. I feel a pulling on my body. Like something is taking all of the negative energy out of my body and making it disappear. Now, I have no need to smoke pot, cigarettes or drink. None. Everything is blown away. I still will, but I have total control over all of it. And since this I can smoke salvia when things are out of control in my life and it helps. 
  
Don't get me wrong, this is something to be careful with. Just because it is legal, does NOT mean it is safer than pot, blow, smack, whatever you like. Do not drive or do anything other than sit down. Also, do not have anything in your hands, or you will almost definatly drop it. After my freind freaked out, he told me as he was standing there that he was going to drop his pipe if he didn't put it away soon. 10 seconds after saying this, he dropped it on my driveway. Be safe, be responsible and hopefully this plant can help you in the way it helped me. Peace.