It was a while ago, I was sitting around at home rather bored. I had taken dex before, at school, with friends, before science. I remember once I was so high that I couldn't stop reciting the pogo song by System of A Down - that just goes to show how long ago it was. Nonetheless. I was bored, so I called up my friend R. He agreed to come over that night, and so it happened.

We were sitting in my room playing guitar when he asked if I could get any dexes. I said, "Yeah, sure… a couple of people in my family take those long-release ones. The capsules. Easy."

He said, "Are you sure that's okay?"

"Yeah, of course," I answered.

So we wait for a while, and while everyone is in the lounge room watching TV I sneak into the kitchen, open the cupboard and grab 4 of the little capsules. I walk back out discreetly, all is fine and dandy. We wait until everyone has gone to bed until we get ready to go out. I get dressed warmly and let him borrow an old jumper, as it's cold out. We sit around and watch some comedy program until 11, then, positive that all are asleep, write a note saying that we are going for a walk and will be back by 4am. Then we sneak out the back door and run off into the night.

When we get down to the park (about 50 metres away from my place), we sit down at a bench under some fluorescent lights. We open up my bag, take out a book (to snort off), a 5 dollar note (to snort with) and the capsules. I crack one open and sprinkle about ¼ of the powder onto my book. I say to R, "You or me first?" He gestures for me to go. So I show him how it's done, and he gives it a go. We share a few more lines until the first capsule is empty. We open one of the others and snort up half of it. Both of us agree our noses are getting a bit clogged up now so we go for a little wander.
We end up running around on the top of the roof of the playground in the park. We are laughing at the sky, because it can't get us now. We are the only ones who can get anything, or anyone, and we chase invisible things away with our happiness.

By now it's about 1:30 – 2am, and the original effect has slightly worn off. We have a couple more lines, and sit down and talk. We talk for what seems like hours, hours upon hours, even days… or nights. We talk about everything – life, love, the universe and our theories. I look over to the left, and I see a little boy sitting high in a tree across the road. I feel no need to call out to him, or tell him he has to come down – it's night, and he's playing a harp, like those angels or cherubs have, and swinging his legs from the side of the branch. He seems content. I tell R, pointing it out to him. He doesn't seem to see it, but isn't bothered. 

We then walk a bit more, and I have a few more lines. We have done 2 ½ dexes now and R doesn't really want anymore. He says he feels tired, so we walk and talk some more and then go home. R falls asleep when we get back inside, but I can't seem to. He is on the lounge and I walk down the hall to my room. Everything is still, and dark, but not scary. Just content. I begin to get a bit paranoid at this point, but figure that I will be okay later. 

I lay down in my bed, half-asleep. I have the most vivid [dream/projection] I have ever had – if I was to describe it, it would take up about 5 pages. Anyway, I ended up ‘waking up' and instantly drawing a watercolour pencil picture of a scene from the [dream/projection]. I spend all of the rest of night doing this – from 4am until about 6:30-7. During the time I did this drawing, I was unconsciously biting and licking my lips in concentration. When I did realize, I couldn't stop it. Even after I had finished the drawing/painting, I kept doing it. I fell asleep for about half an hour, then woke up and around my mouth and lips was red and raw, like a weird kind of coldsore. This habit has stuck with me, but is slowly leaving. Even now, I am concentrating so much that I am finding it hard not to lick my lips.

So there you have it. I have done dexes more other times, both before and after this experience, and they have steadily been getting less and less exciting as I grow a resistance to the drug. Anyway, it hasn't changed me permanently, and I would do it again if I felt the need.