Background Information:

Ever since breaking through into hyperspace on Mimosa Hostilis extracted DMT, my search has been on, to discover other viable plant sources of this earth-shattering chemical.  Eventually, I stumbled upon a report of Phalaris brachystachys being found to have up to 3% alkaloid content, consisting of primarily just n,n-dmt.  So, I thought to myself, this is a grass, that grows fast, and can be grown in climates far beyond the tropics, and it has this unmatched, astronomical concentration of DMT. Yeah, right.  That being said, you can imagine my surprise and glee upon discovering what I have just stated to apparently be true.  Below is a report of my one bioassay with this species thus far.

Preparation:

40g of fresh Phalaris brachystachys foliage was juiced using a wheatgrass juicer.  The resulting 30-mL of liquid was then allowed to evaporate, leaving behind a sticky tar that was collected and placed into one OOO gel-cap.
Also, 2g of Peganum harmala (Syrian Rue) seeds were powdered in a mortal & pestle, then stuffed into two OOO gel-caps.

Experience:

T+0:00 - 2g of gel-capped powdered Peganum harmala seeds are taken with 500mL of tap water on an empty stomach.

T+0:45 - No subjective effects have been observed from the Peganum harmala, as expected at this 2g dose, which should be sufficient for MAO-inhibition, without causing undue nausea and bodyload.

T+0:50 - Gelcap containing the resulting tar from an evaporation of 40g worth of juiced fresh Phalaris brachystachys is taken with 500mL of tap water.

T+1:15 - First effects are observed at this point.  Moderate sedation and mild nausea lead me to lie down on the floor and close my eyes.

T+1:40 - Nausea has intensified significantly.  Between the intense pulsating, ringing sensation in my head and the heavy bodyload, my mental state descends towards delirium.  My physical distress and mental descent is met with extreme glee and fascination, with having found this phenomenal plant source of dimethyltryptamine.

T+3:00 – Peak has arrived.  This will be the beginning of a three-hour plateau of psychedelic delirium.  Had I have been lying in silence, this experience would likely have had two results.  Firstly, I believe that I would have broken mentally, were I left to experience all the dark recesses of my own mind, alone, without outside stimulation.  Secondly, out of the mind-body trauma could have come a sort of spiritual breakthrough or an experience of enlightenment or rebirth.  Because of the circumstances however, I was not prepared to allow myself to delve this deeply into the experience, and so I sought diversions for my own comfort during this time period, such as music and television.  What mattered most was that I had my answer as to the usefulness of this plant source, as that was really the only question I had prepared myself to enter the experience with.

T+6:00 – Gradually over the next two hours, the intensity of effects will begin to diminish.  Nausea will go from unbearable, to bearable, to mild.  Mental state will go from shattered, to overwhelmed, to regrouping.

T+:8:00 – For all intents and purposes, the experience has ended.

Conclusions:

My goal is met.  I have succeeded in forming a relationship with this new plant teacher.  I have more hope for the future.  I feel empowered.  Also, I am astonished at the potency of this species.  Less plant material would have been sufficient, and preparation methods could be improved upon to maximize yields.  But that's for another day…