So here I sit, typing at light speed, head spinning and exploding with so many ideas and theories to describe and explain to anyone who will listen.  Unfortunately, though, I am beginning my descent from heaven.  I keep trying to devise some plan to find just a few more lines, because I know that by the time I am finished writing this, within the next 20 minutes, I will be tortured by the hellish grip of pain, sadness, and depression. 
     
I have slept only 4 hours in the last 3 days.  I have spent nearly $250 in those 3 days.  Yet every single time I sniff another line or two, the incredible euphoria of coke makes me forget that I am slowly but surely destroying my life.  But now I am determined to come down and stay down, at least for a while.
     
The very first time I ever heard about cocaine, I took an evening to study up on the great white hype. I read about its extremely psychologically addictive effects.  I read about how it is easily overindulged and is very expensive.  But I wanted to try it to find out for myself how 'great' the feeling really was. I told myself I would only try it once. Ha ha. After the very first line I did, I was hooked. I ended up doing nearly 2 grams between 3 people that night. Never in my life had I felt a feeling like this before. I felt as if I could do ANYTHING. I felt invincible. For hours the 3 of us talked about improving our lives, becoming instantly rich, how the world was created, our many amazing party nights, and how we would never fall into the abyss of cocaine addiction; all the while we were snorting line after line after line.
     
When I got home that night, after such an awesome experience, I paid the price for every line I took.  The only thing I could think of was how I could get more, who could sell me some, where I could get money to pay for it, or someone I knew who would hook me up with just a few lines.  I laid in agony for nearly 4 hours before I finally fell into a depressed and troubled sleep.  
     
Since that night 3 months ago, I have spent about $200 on more coke (which isn't that much, but that isn't the point).  I didn't listen to my body when it forcefully begged me to never again have to experience the ultimate low to get the ultimate high. I describe cocaine to people who ask as '3 hours of hell for 30 minutes of heaven.' I have tried many drugs, and the pleasure that cocaine creates far surpasses anything I have ever felt. Yet the pain that follows the pleasure is enough to ruin lives. I finally realize this, and am only now admitting to the hellish nature of this profoundly powerful drug.