Feeling down after determining to keep myself off DXM for three weeks after a 900mg experience, I looked for other substances to try. Nothing illegal was going to be available, as my contacts are unreachable this summer. I looked around for my old legal substance, Morning Glory seeds, but apparently seed season is nearing its end and I found none. Too young to order Salvia online. So all I had left was nutmeg, which I bought and prepared to ingest.

-ANYWAY-

While searching through the downstairs vitamin cabinet for some herbal pills or some other capsules that I could empty out and fill with the nutmeg, I found my old presciption cough medicine containing Hydrocodone. I silently celebrated in having something new to try. I had been on narcotics before, low doses of morphine which I found to be a good euphoria but not really useful for anything, like my other choice drugs (LSD/A, DXM, Mushrooms) were. Plus the resulting withdrawal and psychological pull were really awful.

Just the same, I came back online to see what they had to say about it (not much specifically), didn't see anything I didn't already know, and decided to guess the dosage myself. Seeing the normal dosage to be 5ml (one teaspoon), I decided to start by doubling that to 10ml. 

While I waited for the effects to come on, I continued searching for those capsules. I picked up a bottle of Vitamin C tablets to discover **a whole bottle** of Oxycontin. Each pill was 10mg, so again, I doubled the normal dose and downed two pills. 
In the meantime I started filling the capsules with the nutmeg and found myself to be really enjoying it about 20 minutes in. I made up a dumb song to go with the filling, but I thought it was great. 

At this point, about a half hour after ingestion, my mom and sister came back home and I got really into what they had done while they were out. I was feeling really pleasant and I noticed that my sister's personality didn't bother me anymore. So I went upstairs to the computer and casually surfed the web, and thought about how people relate to each other. I made so many connections I thought I was on LSA again, except that I felt so good and at peace with the world. Relationships made so much sense to me, and I promised to improve my social skills and really show people what it was all about.
I went back downstairs and my family really got into me, I told my sister what I had realized about her and how things could change in perspective. She nodded blankly, but at the time I believed her to understand.

They were going to go to the pool after lunch, I decided that that would be a good experience in my condition and said I'd go too. However I had some doubts that it would last for the time I would be there, so I redosed (another 20mg Oxycontin), and went swimming. This pool is owned by two of my mom's older friends, and they were having therapy in the pool. They are some of the nicest people though and said we could stay since they liked having us around. I really perceived their ideas and attitudes towards people and how happy they must be, despite their decreased physical condition. I was joyous in that pool, with the warmth in my head and new thoughts and peacefulness. I couldn't help but smile on the way home.

I coasted for about 5 hours, just relaxing and enjoying the day. However, at the end of the 5 hours the dose was starting to wear off and I got intense bursts of nausea which faded fast but were very strong. Also I got uncontrollable hiccups a few times, which had me doubled over. My body temperature fluctuated wildly, but I was still mildly messed up. Visuals started kicking in, again reminding me of an LSA trip, but the physical side effects were getting so strong I figured that this was the withdrawal. I waited it out until I went to bed, around 9 hours after ingestion.

Today I'm still mildly sick and REALLY want to take some more. But to me the addiction symptoms are worth the experience. My eyes were opened in a whole new way: not in fear or amazement like on acid, but to an entirely new way of perceiving people and relating to them. In the end it's your decision whether you think the experience outweighs the consequences, as long as you don't give into the addiction and take more, because it builds tolerance VERY FAST. So be responsible with it and enjoy!