5-MeO-AMT  (a,O-DMS)

Intro:  Im fairly experienced as far as drugs go (27 various drugs tried (ever tried to keep track?)). I've never used this substance before, so I decided to start with a small dose (3.5mg).  I have access to an analytical scale, accurate to .1 mg.  To prepare for the event, I cleaned my apartment and added decorations to my walls.  Set and setting were good, although I'm not sure how much that mattered.

Dosage: 3.5 mg disolved in 2mL distilled pure h20.

+T 00:15  Effects noticed shortly after consumption, particularly in the digestive sense.  I felt some gurgling and mild nausea, but nothing too difficult to deal with or ignore. 

+T 2:00  No hallucinations (auditory or visual).  I do feel particularly wakeful.  Definite shift in consciousness, but still very subtle.  I have that feeling in my teeth that I only get when on entheogens.

+T 3:00  Some visuals present, although they require a bit of induction.  Carpets and simple textures trying to organize themselves into patterns.

+T 3:15  Smoke a bowl of KB.  Visuals increase as expected.  Introspective capacities significantly increase. Some confusing auditory hallucinations while listenting to music.  Trip is really slow to come on, but seems to be steadily building up.

+T 4:30  In case I was mistaking effects earlier for weed and/or placebo, the weed has worn off significantly yet 'trippy effects' have increased.  This reminds me of when I took shrooms 2 days after acid (weak effect bc of tolerance).

+T 5:30  Supposed peak? ... I close my eyes to music and fall asleep.

+t 12:30.  I wake up, feeling pretty refreshed, with a slight difficulty concentrating.

Conclusions:   Since I've read about great experiences on 2mg, Im forced to one of two conclusions.  Either the 5-MeO-AMT I received is low purity or I have a naturally high threshold for this stuff (or possibly both).  The experience didnt have nearly the intensity of what has been described on other reports.  This means ill likely need to take 6-10 mg next time and work up from there.  It was interesting while I was on it, and I had a good time.  However, my ego was left completely intact and I found myself wanting more.