Kratom is an herb I recently read about and studied, and it sounded very appealing, so I decided to order a small amount (1 oz) of super grade Kratom incense from a reputable supplier.  I received the Kratom 3 days after I ordered it, and tonight I pondered how to prepare this delightful herb.  

The preparation:

First, I took approximately 4 grams of the Kratom and put it in a small bowl.  I added about 2-3 tablespoons, more or less, of honey and stirred until the mixture became a nice, smooth jelly/syrup texture.  I then added a couple drops of lemon juice for extra flavor and stirred some more.  The texture stayed just as nice, and the stuff smelled great!  It had a rather unappealing avocado green color to it, but I didn't mind.  I then proceeded to spread it over some toast, and I might add that it spread very easily and smoothly.  I took a bite of the toast, and wow!--it tasted great!  (which caught me rather off guard considering I had seen many reports where people hated the taste when it was made into tea)  I ate the whole piece of toast rather quickly, and it was very delicious.  Heck, I was pleased even if the herb didn't turn out to have a psychoactive effect on me.  Great snack.

The effects:

About twenty minutes after ingesting the Kratom, I began to feel a nice, pleasant euphoria identical to that of an opiate.  Honestly, I do not need to go into much more detail on the effects, because it felt exactly like an opiate!  I did notice the simultaneous stimulant/depressant effect like I notice in hydrocodone or oxycodone.  Very pleasant.  I did not experience any nausea, but then again, I rarely ever experience nausea with any drug of any kind, except for alcohol--I am not a fan of alcohol at all except for a small glass of red wine every now and then.  I could rant for hours about how when alcohol is abused it is one of the most neurotoxic substances out there.  Anyways back to the Kratom.  The pleasant feeling continued for about 2.5-3 hours.  Note:  at approximately t+45 minutes I consumed 3 more grams of Kratom on toast.  I did notice the perceived increase in body temperature, which was the only neutral effect I noticed.  Overall, the effects were great!  It of course also induced the positive mindset that opiates are known for.  Kratom is now a new favorite of mine!

In conclusion, I would definitely recommend Kratom to anybody who likes opiates or who wants to try a new, relaxing herb.  It may have a slight addictive potential like opiates, but I am not certain of that.  I will say that I definitely enjoyed my first experience with Kratom all in all. Very pleased.