Last night i had a very interesting experience with nutmeg. Through reading PIHKAL and other online literature, I've learned that myristicin, elemicin and safrole, as well as a few other chemicals, but these being the dominantly present alkaloids in the seeds.
I decided to 'experiment' a bit further with this plant, thinking that i could extract via alcohol a mixture of the plant alkaloids and convert them to a citrate salt (or some crude equivalent) using lemon juice. So this is what I did:

poured 100ml vodka into a glass and ground 15 grams of nutmeg into it. filtered this mixture (which takes a while, as nutmeg blocks filters real badly) and added lemon juice to the ensuing liquid product. Heated this concoction until i was left with around 1.5g or a dark brown salt. I placed this in a joint with tobacco and smoked it.

It burned awfully, i kept having to light the joint again and again. The smoke wasn't harsh, but it tasted very strongly of lemons, as the powder smelled.

Every time i took a hit from the joint (very full lungs, held for 10 secs.) i got quite a strong kick. my vision would become very, very sharp, with a small amount of visuals (ie sparkling, 'comets' (as i call them, you know you see a shiny dot flying around) and colour enhancement. This would last around a minute, during which time i was still taking hits and getting more and more intense, relighting and having a cup of tea.

I finished the joint and lay down to watch a film. I never knew a movie could be so absorbing. Sounds were deep, rich and full, with extra tones added occasionally. The imges on the screen would warp along with the sound and I really couldn't understand what was going on, but it was all insanely funny.

Film finished and i was still buzzing, getting more intense. I lay there, thinking, slipping in and out of daydreams, which again were colourful, imaginative and sensual. I came out of this 'trance' at around T+6 hours and had a bite to eat (now normally, drugs which i find 'sensual', ie enhances touch, taste, smell etc make me very hungry (marijuana for instance) but this time i couldn't eat. I finised half the sandwhich, and lit a cigarette. Took a tug on that and the visuals came back. Oh crap, I don't want this. Fuck it, let's trip today aswell, even though i've got fuckloads of stuff to do like getting a job. So halfway through today and music, food and touch are all so beautiful. I feel loving emotions for every picture and even typing on a keyboard feels good.

I of this as a quite pleasant psychedelic. It definitely emotionally opening and allows for self examination and truthfulness unto self which in my opinion is what a psychedelic is, not just someting that induces pretty patterns or cool colours.