My cousin arrived at my house about 7 or so, and I came home at about 7:45.  In need of some psychadelically induced failure he produced a rice crispie treat covered in 5-MeO-AMT.  

T+0:00 - Consumption of rice crispie occurs  (8:00 pm)

T+0:30 - Unusual feeling of the oncoming trip, accompanied by nausea.  (cousin vomited about an hour later)

T+1:30 - Shadows had gained life-like characteristics, moving as they pleased.  Colors soon appeared on everything that was able to reflect light, which could only be rationalized as what we called RGB (TV talk for red green blue). We found a CD case, which looked like a hologram. This stayed with us for the entire trip, we just kind of walked around with it.

T+3:00 - This is where things got way out of control.  Objects were moving and leaving snake like trails with rainbow effects going through out and around them.  While we were watching the movie 'friday', color hues stopped making sense and soon just started jumbling together in a watery fashion, after that the whole TV seemed to be underwater.  Soon we began to play 'Gran Turismo 3'.  For some reason my cousin was able to control the vehicles in the game but he had no clue what was happening. The sky in the game was incredibly blue, and the grass incredibly green. Logically we came to the conclusion the game had similar characteristics as that of 'Mario Bros'. Pixels in the TV were huge, and seemed to be quite distorted. Curtains in the house moved, and so did the curtains in movies. 

T+5:00 - The need for new environment made us change rooms. After accumulating everything that we had 'found' (The hologram, drinks, food, a sleeping bag, etc.) we went to another room that had a black light, and a lot of glowing shit. We were acting like monkeys, just finding things and putting them in piles. The computer was too complex to handle and we just wanted to pound on the keyboard like wild apes. We babbled incoherently and yet we were totally able to understand eachother. Everything in this 'reality' made sense, regardless of relevance or logic. We were basically the same person, we each knew what the other person was thinking. We would visualize the same things at random (We both had CEVs of a thumbtack at the exact same time).

We at this point came accross the 'us versus them theory'.
This was a drawing of confusing stick figures seperated by a vertical line, one stick figure was not labeled (I'm guessing that was supposed to be us) and the other was labeled 'them'. This was able to answer every question we could possibly concieve. For example: We wanted to hook up an NES to play Mario Bros. But the task was too daunting, so we asked 'Should we hook up the NES?'. We consulted the stick figures and we logically came to the conclusion that the NES was 'them' and we were 'us', and that there was a barrier inbetween that was the threshold of reality. Anything that wasn't tripping (Objects, People, Animals) was 'them', anything that was.....well it was 'us'. 

T+6:00 - Uncontrollable laughter and babble has been occurring for the past four and a half hours, literally without pause.  This could only continue for so long before insanity would insue.  Our faces were sore from tension, and we were rocking back and forth babbling incoherently while everything around us went totally insane.  Black light visuals were off the charts, trails were as long as the mind was capable to produce, while being full of the whole color spectrum.  We continued to draw and then proceeded in throwing many 'glow-in-the-dark' stars everywhere. My cousin spilled a drink all over himself without noticing. 

T+8:00 - Noticeable comedown had commenced, but everything was still quite insane. We listened to the new Beck CD 'Sea Change'. This was also the most uncomfortable part of the trip. We were tired, yet we couldn't sleep. The laughter slowly trailed away over the next 3 hours as did the significant visuals. What happened during this time is hazy. But when we did realize what was going on we noticed that we had thrown things everywhere, and had insane drawings scattered all over the room. This was straight out of 'Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas'. It was during this time that we realized how little sense we had been making. 

T+19:30 - We are basically back to normal. The day after effects aren't very harsh. We don't feel bad or anything, just tired. This is definitely something that will be repeated, but next time we plan on doing it in the daytime.