I have been curious about attempting to smoke some of the tryptamine-containing Ayahuasca constituents without putting the plant matter through any form of extraction. I have never seen or heard of any experiences where this was done. I knew that I could not get anywhere near hyperspace using this method but I was still curious as to whether any effect at all could be reached by simply smoking the unaltered and natural plant matter. I decided to try smoking Diplopterys Cabrerana since it seems to be rich in both DMT and 5-MeO-DMT (when compared to other plants, that is).

An hour or so beforehand I drank a few cups of Valerian Root and Passion Flower tea. This wasn't necessarily to aid in the experience, I just drink alot of tea. I did figure that an MAOI (although a very very mild one) such as Passion Flower could be nothing but beneficial if it did affect the experience.

I decided on using a glass water pipe for the experiment because I knew that the Diplopterys smoke would be extremely harsh and unpleasant. I packed the bowl (a very large bowl) very very tightly with crumbled Diplopterys. I would estimate that I fit about 1-1.5 grams of material into the bowl. Since Terrence McKenna found there to be around 1.7 mg of DMT per gram of Diplopterys leaf and the threshold effects of DMT begin at 2mg, I intended on smoking about 3 grams of the material (which would hypothetically get me past the threshold level). I took my first hit from the pipe.

The smoke really wasn't as horrible as I thought it would be. It was extremely thick and the plant matter burned very easily. It surely didn't compare to the disgustingly vile taste of orally consumed Ayahuasca. Of course it did burn the hell out of my esophagus and throat but I was expecting that. As I finished the bowl I could definitely feel something. My body (primarily my legs) felt tingly and numb and I could unmistakingly feel a slight tryptamine buzz. I decided to pack another bowl and quickly smoked it. My throat was irritated at this point but nothing near what I had expected. I could now see very vague but still present blurs of light and color in the corner of my eyes. My photosensitivity was also definitely increased. I really wasn't expecting a visual aspect to this experience though.

I thought at this point that I might as well try smoking a different DMT-containing material to compare to the Diplopterys. Afterall, I wasn't planning on trying to smoke another of these plants again. I chose the ever reliable root bark of Mimosa Hostilis since (I believe) it has more DMT content than Psychotria Viridis (which I also have plenty of). I shredded a small portion of root bark and filled the bowl of the water pipe about half way and began lighting away. It was definitely more difficult to burn than the Diplopterys but that was expected since it is bark afterall. It took a few minutes to initially ignite the bark.

This smoke had a very very strange taste to it. It tasted very sacred (which likely doesn't make much sense in describing the taste of smoke) and even sort of fragrant. I suppose some people really could use it as incense. The Mimosa smoke was suprisingly less harsh than the Diplopterys smoke. This was most likely because I wasn't getting very large hits since it wasn't burning as well as the leaves did.

The smoked Mimosa did not seem to potentiate the prior effects at all. Overall the whole experience gave me a weak but definitely noticable tryptamine buzz that lasted for about 15 minutes. A definite + on the Shulgin rating scale. It was reminscent of the very first part of an Ayahuasca trip (when it first starts to come on). The question is: is it worth scorching your lungs and wasting valuable plant material for a slight buzz? I think not. You would be better off making good old fashioned Ayahuasca or buying some muriatic acid, lye, and naptha.