First off I'd like to say I've eaten woodrose seeds many many times, and the trips have ranged from awful to great. This is my most recent experience with them and by far it was one of the greatest experiences of my life.

So on this particular night I came home from work around 6:00 pm and decided to eat the seeds. I ate seven seeds that I had prepared by taking sand paper and removing the outer layer off them. I'm not sure if this actually does anything but I tend to think it reduces nausea. I've eaten the seeds many times without removing the outer layer and was fine. I ate the seeds, I chewed them up and swallowed them with some ginger ale. Within fifteen minutes I started to feel them coming on, which startled me because it usually takes an hour or so. The initial feeling was one of small shocks zipping through my jaw and everything started to move a little faster.

About fifteen minutes after I started feeling the trip coming on, a girl I have been seeing lately called me and asked me to come to a party. I told her no cause I was tripping and didn't want to be around a bunch of drunk people. I then hung up and she called me immidiately back asking why I hung up on her. For some reason I thought the conversation had ended and was thoughougly confused for her being angry with me. I apologized and then said goodbye.

I went back to my room, and put in a Michael Franti and Spearhead cd, and decided to finish drawing a picture of a tree I had started earlier. By this time the trip was very strong and everything was glowing and slightly moving, and I had a wonderful feeling of euphoria. The music was mostly upbeat songs about love and I was really digging it, dancing around, smiling, singing along, and coloring my picture like a madman. 

After a while, I have no idea of time at this point because I couldn't find my cellphone which is my only clock. But after a while I went outside to piss and everything was wonderful, I live in woods and it was dark out but everything had bright pschyadelic colors to it contrasting with the darkness of night. While I was peeing I noticed my arms looked like something out of a alex grey painting, I could see my nerve endings and muscles and all this beautiful colored energy radiating out of them. I also had this great feeling of love, which I could feel growing in me and radiating out into the night. I had a profound understanding that I was connected to everyone and evertone's love and engergy at that moment and just felt so fucking happy.

I decided I would shoot my new found love engery out across the sky to my ex girlfriend who was 7 states north of me at the time. I closed my eyes and saw it fly though the air and find her, I saw her only as her energy form, mostly bright engergy patterns in the form of a nervous system. I could see my love, which at that time was now every thing in the universe's love, surrounding her and charging her up. It was beautiful and amazing. I felt like I understood everything I needed to know. I then sent the love energy to many other people I know, and all the while could see and feel it growing bigger and bigger.

Finally I went back to my room and listened to the same two Spearhead cd's over and over, and danced and sang along feeling better than I ever have in my life. I knew that I had stumbled onto a profound truth about life and all I had to do was tap into this love and everything would be ok. Eventually I decided I would call it a night and turned off my light and laid down and tried to sleep. I had amazing visuals and I'm not sure if I slept or not. I eventually woke up, that is if I ever slept, I'm not sure and went to the kitchen house and did my dishes, from the week before, and I was still tripping and I still had my wonderful feeling of enlightenment and love. I went to work and all day called my friends telling them about my experience and how I had figured out the key to happiness, which is tapping into this universal godlove engry as I have been calling it.

And the most amazing thing is, I have been able to get this feeling since then and feel it rushing through my body if I concentrate on it, and I become all blissful and happy. Without the drugs. Its only been a week since the trip but I am still happy and buddah like, and can tap into this love by simply thinking about it, and I really do feel the body buzz of that night when I do this. Its kind of like something clicked in my brain, that I always thought was possible and now it IS possible and happening.