Last night, after months of searching, I finally acquired some magic mushrooms: a quarter, dried, from 'C'. At around midnight I split an eighth with 'K', on triscuits with peanut butter. Some background: K, C, and I are all college freshmen at the University of Arizona, in Tucson. K is female; C and I are male. K and C are both experienced druggies; before last night I had never tried any drugs, unless you count pot.

After about 15 minutes, I felt slightly queasy. We decided to go outside - we had been in K's room on the seventh floor of our dorm. After arriving outside, I felt that we were lacking a mission. That was the last time I felt that. I think we went back up to K's room once, but I don't remember why and I'm not even sure we did. Outside was much, much more enjoyable than inside. Back outside, we went on a journey, wandering around the campus. Soon, the trip was in full swing. The campus, which is usually very familiar and mundane, seemed exotic, foreign, and full of surprises. Tall buildings seemed minor and insignificant. I had an incredible appreciation for the trees and rocks, next to which the buildings just seemed stupid. I wanted to sit on the wall of a big 9-story building, but eventually I had to realize that I couldn't. I didn't see why not, though.

We encountered a few stragglers walking across campus, all of them in a hurry. They scampered; I began to think of people less as peers and more as creatures, distinguished from other animals only in minor ways. I had no conception of myself as a human; I was really more of a perspective. I could look at anything in so many different ways and I felt that I completely grasped universal relativity. Everything is related on different levels; I could comprehend all the levels at once.

K cheerfully greeted everyone we passed, and almost no one responded at all. I remember thinking that everyone was caught up worrying about completely insignificant things. K said something about having to worry about little things; for example, a cut on your finger is a little thing but you have to deal with it. This seemed strange to me; I understood that it was the approach that everyone took, but it definitely didn't seem like the only approach to be considered. Suppose I stop worrying about little things. I might die. So what? I was more the universe itself than any single person. Nothing would be lost.

We found ourselves near the mall in the center of campus. That was when we encountered a very curious creature: 'A'. A was a homeless man with a big beard. He was carrying a single bicycle wheel. At that point I was extremely giggly; everything was contained within me and I had a profound gratitude for everything. The way things worked together was a very, very witty joke. Every relation of one thing to another made me laugh. A was homeless but he wasn't a drunk or a junkie. He seemed very real, compared to most people. He guessed what we had eaten from my giggles, before we told him. He was headed up toward the library, where his bike was locked, and we walked with him and hung out. He told us that one of his feet was numb, and when he stood on one foot and pointed at the other, he seemed just like a rodent, or a creature of some kind. He didn't know why I was laughing.

It was about then that I started thinking about time. Time kept coming up in the conversation, as I guess it sometimes does in human conversations. But the concept of time meant nothing to me. A and K told me that the sun would be coming up in a few hours, but that was nonsense because it was night-time. They also said it was the middle of finals week, which seemed like a very strange foreign ritual, certainly one which I could never find myself engaged in. I was incredulous to my own knowledge that the next day I would have to study for exams. At one point, K asked what time it was. I knew it was a question that couldn't be answered. A took a watch out of his pocket and said it was 3:12. Then he said his watch was 9 minutes slow, which meant it was really 3:21. All this was absurd; it was obvious that even if there did exist such a thing as objective time, there was no way one could know the time by looking at a little gadget that one takes out of one's own pocket. I probably tried to argue but whenever I talked I ended up laughing and babbling like a crazy person.

My understanding of the universe, at the height of the trip, was an extension of what it usually is. I didn't understand anything drastically differently; I just understood everything much more and from different perspectives. I remember being terrified that I would soon have to shrink back down and fit back into a human life. I knew I couldn't do it with the perceptions that I had; I imagined that everything would just seem tiny. Not physically tiny, just insignificant. Now, I have lost those perceptions, and so I am able to live a human life again after all. But the perceptions seemed so real then that I feel strange betraying them, even now that I don't comprehend them any longer.

Eventually A left and K and I made our way back to the dorm. A was going somewhere to get tea; I would have liked to join him for tea but K wanted to go back. I think A made her feel uncomfortable; I don't know why exactly.

Back at the dorm, we sat in the lobby downstairs and talked for a while. Then some other people showed up, C and two of his friends whom I don't know. I was feeling very tired and I decided to go to bed, so I went upstairs to my room, on the eighth floor. When I first entered the room I felt extremely uncomfortable, out of place inside a room in a building, but the feeling went away soon. When I got in bed I realized there was no way I was going to fall asleep. I got dressed again and went back outside, but I couldn't find everyone else. So, I smoked some weed and listened to some music as the sun came up. Then I went to sleep.