Well I started my day at around 3 pm when I dropped my first hit of acid (I decided to take them one at a time to max on peaks). Once I began to feel it kicking in I took another, by then it was about 4.  Around 5:45 I began peaking on the first one so I took another.  At 6:30 I was pretty fucked up so I said fuck it and took #4.  Then we headed to the party.  I chilled there for a while and drank some beer, then said to hell with all of this and took the last one I had, it was now 7:30.  Then I smoked mad herbs and drank more beer.  

Around 8:30 shit became extremely weird yet I decided to keep drinking and smoking cuz it was the fucking millennium, after expressing to my friends that I had never been that fucked up in my life and didn't find it possible to get anymore fucked up a friend of mine sold me a white buddah E pill, it was like 9:45 or 10 (by then time had no meaning).  I took it down and decided to call my mom before shit got any weirder to tell her I wasn't coming home that night.  Then me and three of my closest friends in the world went to our car and listened to lords of acid.  Only three of us took E but we were all trippin.  This being my first E experience and being on 5 hits of really strong acid, I had no idea what I was in for.  

So we are all just chilling in my friends car trippin our balls off and all of a sudden everything I see looked digital, like a video game.  And then those in the car became extremely close, well except for our friend that was just tripping, we didn't realize at the time but we scared the hell outta him with our talk of loving each other when my friend's girlfriend kissed me in front of him and he didn't care.  The we took off the sunroof (despite the frigid weather) and I began staring into space and tried to grab at the stars which were dripping and doing all kinds of shit that was just purely amazing to me.  The midnight hour was approaching and I was still optimistic about the world ending, of course I really did care if we all came to an end while in the state of mind I was in.  So I went into the house and watched the ball drop with the 45-60 some odd people there and the world didn't end.  

So I came down off the E and the acid was still going strong and to my displeasure all of the pills had been eaten but there was another tab left so I bought that and brought the count up to 6, that was around 1:30 or 2.  Somehow I passed out at like 6:30 but woke up 2 hours later, still trippin (which seemed to last for about a week and a half).  I smoked a couple bowls and went home, that was definitely the best day of my life.