So, I'd never tried Yopo seed or amanitas mushrooms before, being more used to psylocibe shroomies.

I cook the seeds until they pop, 5 of 'em, and smoke them in a tobacco pipe. Nothing seems to happen, so I wait for an hour or so (I read that the effects last up to 45 minutes) before eating the new mushrooms I had bought.

After about 50 mins, I start feeling a light headedness, but curiously enough that is the only effect. My head is light, and my legs are slightly unstable, so it's kinda like being tipsy on a few glasses of red wine. No nausea (weird for me, cause psilo-shrooms ALWAYS give me nausea) no glowing, no visuals, mindset pretty baseline, to the point that I thought I had just wasted my money on these shrooms.

I go lie down, disappointed that all I got from the shrooms is a light head. And I doze off wondering if I should get up and shut the computer off or stay in bed. So I get up, shut the computer off, get back in bed, get up, shut the computer off, get back to bed, get up, shut the computer off, get back in bed, get back up...
Until I realise: holy crap! I've actually been in bed all along!

The only way I can describe this is that I had 2 choices of action. And I was living them both simultaneously. I had 2 choices of action. And I was living them both simultaneously. I was wide awake, my mind was functioning at what seemed to be baseline, but I was in bed AND at the computer at the same time. I realise that physically I was in bed, but I was living every possible action at the same time, as if my brain were duplicated, because I was seeing with my eyes (my self in bed) and with my mind's eye (myself at the desk) at the same time. I begin to get excited and to write all this down. 

This gets me into a time loop of repeating the same action over and over again, along with a sense that my mind is no longer confined to my body but is everything in the room. I get up, and myself from the bed bumps into myself at the desk and I am one again. I notice that this is very different from my psilo-shroomie experiences. No nausea and most of all, no visuals. No patterns no nothing. But I seem to be physically inside my mind, more like happens with acid. 

After a few fun experiments, I start falling into that weird state in which every second lasts for infinity.  I cannot explain this, for as you all know, our language pertains to baseline consciousness, but I spent infinite time in my mind, exploring the infinity of microseconds. It was all very interesting, there were, of course, moments of fright, since sometimes I thought I'd never get out of the time-loop, but the effect was generally so benign I wasn't too worried about it. My thinking abilities were definitely baseline, it's more as if it had been a lucid dream than actual tripping if that makes any sense. Everything had a cartoonish quality, as sometimes happens. I am still unsure of what was real and what fantasy, but I remember being in bed waving a giant white carboard finger (!) and pressing it against my forehead and then time turned back to normal, I was baseline again and I was left wondering what the hell happened.

It was very good, very interesting, not a revealing trip, but just another one of those moments in which I understand time better. Time is like a diamond, and every face of the diamond is a present, there is no past and no future, only infinite presents, and in the right state, you can live them all simultaneously. Which is why some can see 'the future' I guess.

Also, when I was living every single possible action that I could have possibly taken simultaneously it made me understand, since all my actions and possible actions seemed equally real to me, that thoughts are as real as material reality. It is just that we are too confined by our physical senses to realise it.
Chill