My Datura experience can't be described in just a few words.  It's a very intense drug.  You completely lose touch with reality.  It's something I did once and will never do again.  Datura is nothing short of a deadly poison.

Me and a friend found Datura growing in his front yard.  We tried drying and smoking the leaves, which gave a slight sleepy and disoriented feeling.  Not satisfied with these results, we decided to ingest it.

We broke open 5 seedpods (each which contained about 200 seeds) and crushed them in a mortar and pestle.  This turned it into a gloppy paste.  Then, we boiled and strained it, which we jokingly named 'moon tea'.  I'm not sure of the amount we took.  I'm guessing 4 cups each.  Nevertheless, we split the tea in half and guzzled it.

The last thing I remember is falling asleep in my friend's driveway.  Yeah, in the gravel.

Tony (my friend) and I were hallucinating to the extreme and laughing uncontrollably at everything.  I told Tony I was going home, but instead I followed him into his house and sat down on the living room couch.  I switched back and forth between chairs and couches.  Then, I began screaming at Tony's parents, saying things like 'I need something to crush my drugs on' and 'Lynn!  Where's my razor blade?'  Tony's father asked what I was doing, and I replied smugly, 'I'm discussing court matters with your son!'  I began unscrewing salt and pepper shakers and dumped them out on the floor, giggling.

Datura is a deliriant.  In your mind, you're acting completely normal, but nothing you do makes any sense.  At all.  There's no way to control yourself when you're tripping on Datura.

Less than an hour after we ingested it, Tony and I were taken to Medina General Hospital.  My dad literally had to drag me inside the emergency room.  I was yelling, 'I'm fine!  I'm fine!' and laughing feverishly.  We waited 45 minutes before I was wheeled to a hospital room.  It took a doctor and 3 nurses to strap me to my hospital bed, where they stuck 5 IV needles in my forearm, put electrodes all over me, and hooked me up to an EKG machine.  (My heart beat was 180, my breathing 3 times faster than normal).  They undressed me and made me wear a backless hospital gown.  The only time they unstrapped my legs and arms was when I went to the bathroom.  I ran out into the hallway with my ass hanging out and one sock on.  The nurses basically tackled me and strapped me back to the bed.  All that time, I had no idea what was going on - I was totally in my own world.

To absorb the poison in my system, they forced me to drink liquid charcoal.  Tony was in the hospital room next to me.  He actually cooperated and drank his charcoal.  Let me tell you - it is the most disgusting thing I have ever tasted in my life.  I had no idea at the time that it was liquid charcoal.  I was hallucinating so badly, I thought it was Tony making me chug a bottle of Jagermeister.

They finally sedated me after I spit it out in the nurse's face.

I left the hospital the next day at 1 PM.  I was still fucked up.  On the car ride home, I could swear that a jogger waved at me through the car window, but when I looked back, it was only a mailbox ...

When I arrived home, I had charcoal crusted everywhere on my body - my hair, face, arms, legs, even in my ears.  My pupils were fully dilated.  I almost died that night in the hospital.

I could keep rambling on about the insane stuff Tony and I saw, but I won't.  To be perfectly honest, I can't remember everything that happened.  Datura completely erased it from my memory.  I can recall bits and pieces, but the rest, people have told me.

If you plan to try Datura, proceed with extreme caution.