So my friend's dad mistakenly recieved someone else's prescription, and it turned out to be for 20 mg Adderals.  My friend stole a couple of them from the bottle and one day we decided to try some in order to focus ourselves on learning a song on the guitar and bass.  I started out with half a pill, 10 mg, and he took a whole one.  We waited about 45 minutes without feeling any effects (not that we knew exactly what to look for) so we each took another 10 mg.  About half an hour after that we had been practicing the Bosstones song 'Someday I Suppose' for almost an hour and we began to feel... something.  Not at all a bad 'something,' just a very slightly noticable change in our energy and demeanor.

The point is, under usual circumstances (sober, drunk, or high) we would have given up on the song (it's a hard song to play) but we ended up sitting and playing the song over and over for almost three hours straight.  We agreed that we didn't actually feel any different while under its influence, but the effects of its influence were definitely apparent.  Neither of us wanted to stop trying to learn the parts to the song long after we usually would have given up.  It was like once we had a clear, simple goal set, we were determined to achieve it.  Adderall has already proved itself useful in completing school assignments, but I think it aids very much in creative processes as well.

After taking even the mild doses that we took, we didn't want to just sit and watch TV or something, we had to actively try to do and complete something instead of like being stoned and being focused on a blacklight poster for hours on end.  We had to be *active,*  so this drug probably wouldn't be good if you just want to sit around and chill.  You will want to be, in some way, productive.  In fact, the TV only came on for an hour during our Adderall trial, and this was only for the Simpsons,  after which, the TV went right off again (which is rare).

In addition, I smoked only one cigarette during the first two hours after taking the drug, whereas under normal circumstances, I probably would have had like seven.  The desire for a cigarette was greatly lessened by the fact that I was concentrating on the song.

The only negative effect I felt from it was soon after taking the second half of my pill was feeling kind of flushed, like my face was hot, for only a couple minutes, and I checked my heartbeat to see if it was racing, but it was normal and very quickly I felt fine again.  I don't know if the Adderall had anything to do with this.

Most importantly, it wasn't like we felt like we HAD to learn the song, or die trying, we just *really wanted to*.  We probably could have done something else or sat and watched a movie or something, but probably would have felt somewhat antsy or anxious to do something more interesting.  That's why I would recommend taking a relatively small dose (10-30 mg) if you want to try and memorize or learn almost anything, or if you have a project to complete but that you would normally get easily distracted from.  As far as taking much higher amounts (around or over 100 mg), it wouldn't surprise me if the end result turned out unpleasant, because Adderall apparently contains multiple forms of amphetamine.

Also, we read that you can become dependant on it when you take it in larger amounts and more frequently, physically AND psychologically because it seems to be an easy way to gain motivation.

Oh, and so about an hour ago (about 8 1/2 hours after taking our first dose) we smoked a bowl and that took care of the appetite suppression okay, but we are both still pretty damn awake, and wondering how long it will take to fall asleep.  Take Adderall.  It's pretty cool.  We also just realized that we usually spend many of our waking hours saying 'dookie' and 'poo feces' and 'aborted fetus' to each other but we haven't engaged in such humor all night.

Joking about farts and weiners almost seems too low-brow (and I didn't think there WAS such a thing as 'too low-brow').  Adderall makes TV suck dirty bunghole.  Oh, I guess it's wearing off.

P.S.  Hint: the very fact that I took the time to carefully write this is proof enough (to me at least) that Adderall does indeed produce effects in non-ADD-suffering people.