My good friend and I decided we needed to try cocaine at least once, just to say we've done it. It took a long time, but eventually we were able to get some through a long line of contacts. We ended up having to buy an entire 8-ball, and spent about $120 on the thing-it was way more than we wanted, we still have alot left over.

I waited for the right occasion, and we finally broke it out, and snorted it in the bathroom at a large party. It takes very little to make a line, as we soon discovered, with the guidance of an experienced user. We started small and noticed very little effect up to ten minutes after the first line, I felt like I had maybe drank five cups of coffee-I was a little wound up. We decided to do another larger line, and this one had more of an effect. 

There was a mild, pleasurable swirling feeling in my head, and I felt extremely self-confident, and talkative. For me, there was no immediate head rush or feeling of euphoria. It set in somewhat gradually and after about ten minutes I was running around the party talking to anyone and everyone. It's an excellent social drug, but I can't imagine using it long-term, or alone especially. We did three or four more lines that night, and each time we would wait until we came down, and felt depressed and irratable before snorting another one-we were very cautious. 

After going on an adventure through the park, we did one final line and called it a night. Everyone agreed we had a lot of fun-we talked incessenantly to each other and to everyone we encountered. After going back to a friend's house to sleep, we all felt irratable, very pissed off, and started ranting and raving about how much cocaine sucks, and how it's not worth the money at all-we wanted to sell it all back. 

We finally slept about three hours after our last line-5:00 in the morning. It is EXTREMELY difficult to sleep, and the comedown-headache is killer. It would be much more enjoyable if I could sleep as soon as I start to come down, but it kept me wide awake for the bad part. 

Overall, I would use it for a social setting, like an especially large party, we kept the rest for such an occasion. I can see how it would be addictive, I liked the act of snorting it and cutting it up, and the high is really nice while it lasts-briefly, during the party, I felt ecstatic, and intense pleasure in my head. I sometimes feel like I could go for a line here or there, when I'm tired and want to go out, or when I'm particularly depressed, but I've never acted on that impulse, and it seems easy enough to control.

It's been about two and a half weeks since I first did it, and I think about it less and less as time goes on- the idea doesn't consume me. To conclude: it's nice but not worth the money for me, and arguably the comedown.