OK, I'm in the Army and just got back from Iraq.  I like to trip but will not bring illegal substances into the barracks.  No problem; there are a whole slew of legal allies available online.  I am a very experienced tripper and have 'been around the block' a few times, and have burned out on the synthetics(at least for the time being); organics are more my speed.  Tryptamines scare me.  I like to try things now that grow from the ground.  Anyway, I purchsed 7g of amanita muscaria and 1 oz of blue lotus online.  Read up on lotus preparation.  Here's my experience:

I soaked 14g of lotus in 1.5 liters of Chianti for about seven hours.  It was a rainy, lazy Sunday afternoon, my roommate wasn't there and I was alone.  Perfect set and setting.  I was in a good mood and looking forward to this.  I expected no company.  Around noon I ingested 7g Amanita Muscaria, it tasted good, like fresh-baked bread.  Then I walked to the library to check my email and kill time 'till it kicked in.

I had tried Amanita once before, about a year ago, and wasn't so impressed.  This time I ingested the same dose of a different and supposedly better strain.  About an hour post-ingestion, I walked back to the barracks feeling a happy, peaceful glow, nothing visual, just a mellow contentment.  A definite lift.  Cheery.  Once in my room, I put Pink Floyd's The Wall on and poured a glass of the lotus wine and kicked back to chill on a rainy day.  All was well.  I drank a few glasses of the wine and afterwards felt quite stupefied, but not sleepy; still alert and lucid, but very relaxed.

I lay down and zoned out on the movie, which I'd never seen before.  No visuals at all, but pleasant, hypnotic, calm and trancelike inebriataion.  Giddy.  Dreamy.  No psychedelic introspection, no reveletory experiences, no visuals.  But very relaxing and fun.  A nice headspace for a rainy day in the barracks with nothing else to do.  Slightly sleepy but not too much so.  Definitely much more of a feeling than a few glasses of the vino could provide.  A dreamy, relaxed state in which to watch a trippy movie.  After The Wall, I put on El Topo...and fell asleep about an hour into it.

Woke up and took a shower, felt good, a bit woozy.  By now it's around five PM.  Ate some dinner, put on another movie, and drank more of the Egyptian lotus wine.  By now the effect of the Amanita is gone.  The wine made me feel relaxed, calm, mellow...it DOES synergize nicely with alcohol!  Warm and slightly sleepy, sorta like I'd taken a Percocet.  But the giddy stimulation of the mushroom is gone.  I just felt stoned.  Went to bed early and woke up feeling fine.

What the hell, I had nothing better do do.  A fun thing to do on a dreary weekend afternoon.  I'll try the Amanita again sometime; probably I'll double the dose.  I've taken 7g on two different occasions, and at that dose it didn't exite me too much.  But this was a good experience.  A nice thing to do to pass the time.  I'll try the other 14g of lotus as a water-based infusion too and will get back to ya.  Peace.