First off some backround info.- Im 16, and have tried just plain salvia a couple times before this--but nothing comes close to this. I am currently not taking any perscription or over-the-counter medications.

I aquired 1 gram of salvia 10x extract from a local smoke shop. This was exciting because up until now I only had 'normal' dried salvia leaves, which work but not as easily and are not as powerful as the extract.

Something important to remember when smoking salvia- a bong, screens, and torch lighter are important, these supplies will for sure make or break the expierience. I will not smoke it without all the necesary equipment

This was a weekend at the beach with about 12 other friends, we had originally planned on taking mushrooms but the deal fell though at the last second..
I mentally prepared myself all week for the shroom trip, thus my mind set was happy, excited and interested..We never got the mushrooms soo instead we brought Salvia

I put on my headphones and chose some chill music to play for the experience because music is usually fascinating during phsycadelic experiences- which I soon found out wasnt the case this time-

 I took 1 huge rip off the bong and held it in for as long as possible- the smoke is not too harsh to me- The stuff kicks in fast, Im usually peaking in around 30 seconds. The next thing I know Im in a completely different universe, although I don't think universe is a good word to describe where I was
As far as I knew (whoever I was) there was no such thing as existence. I was part of eternity, always was and always will. (Mind you that all this happened within about 5 minutes)

For eternity I had been In an outer space like setting, surrounded by millions of different eternity's. Everything was spinning thousands of miles per hour. When I got too close to the edge of my world/universe/eternity sintripical force started to pull me out of my eternity and suck me into a different one. ( the change in eternity's was actually me going from peaking, to realizing that there is a real world out there that I really live in a thing called 'real life' ) When I realized I had been taken from my eternity and placed into a different existence I was convinced that I was put in the wrong one and that this 'new' place was going to be my new eternity/home forever (the new place was just reality). ( right at this moment my girlfriend walked up to me and tried to kiss me but I pushed her away because I didn't recognize her) Up until now all of this was made up in my head....now my vision started to take part.. When I opened my eyes I didn't recognize anything. My I-pod was still playing music, but I didn't know what music was, it had no melody or beat, it was just 'sound.' Slowly I realized everything was caused from the drug, and that I am a person. 

I was back to baseline in about 30 minutes

During this whole trip I had no 'normal' conscious, my eyes were closed and all the visuals were made up in my brain. I didn't even know that I had taken any drugs to cause this.

On my wayback to baseline I promised myself that I would never smoke weed or drink alcohol again because I thought those drugs were too mind numbing, and had no true effect on improving life beyond' getting fucked up'...this was probably the salvia thinking for me....but I came to my senses and broke that promise later that night, because I am not always on a one man mission in exploring concious...sometimes im in the mood to play with my mind..sometimes i just want to be something besides sober.Its sometimes fun to get drunk..but I still refuse to smoke weed..ive been like that for months even before the experience

I was immensely scared to smoke anymore salvia for the next hour..but I did it again, and relived what was now a somewhat familiar existence....
Its all very hard to explain, but all the other kids who smoked with me that night completely understood everything I told them..We all had similar trips
Salvia is very powerful and very short..This experience was not scary, I was never scared, just confused, it was a hard kick in the butt because I was not expecting it to blow me off my feet like that..I definitely learned from it and will for sure do it again someday.