The only thing that I had really ever tried before was Marijuana. I had tried it 2 times with really close friends of mine. I knew that I could trust them.

It was a Saturday night and me and my 2 friends were sitting around waiting for my friend's parents to go to sleep. They finally did at about 11:30 pm. My two friends pulled out some 5 white tablets with horseshoes on them. I had always thought of myself as the kind of kid who doesnt do bad stuff, and at the time I considered X bad stuff. They each took a tablet and looked to me. I had originally decided that I wouldn't take one, but i would just watch them. Well, I gave in and took my first one. As soon as I swallowed it I kind of regretted it. My friend, Mike, started acting weird after about thirty minutes. I didn't understand it. He just layed on the couch and kept stretching. He said it was an awsome experience. About 45 min after we had taken the pills, My other friend, Alex, started getting really hyper. He started running around the room jumping on couches and shit. I thought he was freaking out, but he said it felt good. 

They told me to start jogging in place and that would get the roll going, so I did and damn did it kick in. I looked around for a second and everything was different. Not really different colors or shapes, but I had achieved a different mind set. I ran over to a map of Europe on the wall. I kept talking about how that map was of the world and Napoleon was after me(I don't know why the fuck that happened). I then shot a quick glance over to my friend Mike. I kept calling him Napoleon and told him I was going to kill him (Emotional side of me). My friend alex told me he was Michael and I was relieved. I gave both my friends a hug. 

The next hour or so was kind of blurry. I just remember felling really scared for what seemed like about thirty seconds, but I was told it was around 20 minutes. It was one of those feelings that you get when you were lost when you were a little kid. My friends took me outside to show me, I swear the best experience ever, how laying in the grass felt. I took off my shirt in about 38 degree F weather. I was still warm to me. I layed face up in the grass with my bare back sitting on the grass. They told me it was too cold outside so they layed a blanket on me. I layed there for about 30 min and then got a sudden burst of energy. I got up and sprinted as fast as I could up and down the street until my body shut down. I fell and skidded on the concrete, got back up with no pain and started running again. I decided that it was time to go back inside. As we were going back inside, I looked up at the sky, it was orange (it really was in reality). I couldn't believe how it could be like that and all of the sudden my eyes rolled back in my head. I was told if this happened just close my eyes so they don't dry out. 

I stood there with my eyes closed and my eyes were still rolling back in my head for about 30 minutes. When they came back down, I couldn't find my friends. I called for them in a whisper and i found them, they were packing a pipe of weed. I told them I wanted some. We smoked a coulple bowls(bad idea). Unless you smoke a lot of weed don't smoke it at all with X. I went back inside, the weed had brought the roll down a little, but I was still feeling awsome. For the last couple hours I just talked about my feelings and some philosophical shit with them. I am so glad that my friends introduced me to X. It is the best stuff I have tried so far. Always remember, have your closest friends with you. Have experienced people with you, they make the roll better. Drink water in moderation. Don't fight your ambitions unless it is detremental to your health or others. 

I would like to thank Michael and Alex, my best friends.