I have been prescribed for celexa for over a month now. I take 20 mg twice daily. The drug works fantastic with few side effects. I am no longer depressed and have much less anxiety in general. 

Before I desribe my experiences with celexa and cannabis, one must understand that I was an extremely paranoid smoker before I started taking celexa. It was common for me to have panic attacks and severe nausea when using marijuana. Most of my paranoia was the result of my strong fear of police and being arrested. Thus, whenever I was driving stoned  [Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]  or smoking in a car, I found being stoned to be a rather hellish experience for fear of being pulled over and questioned about possesion or use of drugs. I just found being on the road while smoking to be a more dangerous situation than being at a private home, which is probably the case. I became paranoid when smoking at my home (especially outside in the backyard for fear of someone smelling the smoke and calling police), but not quite as much as when I was on the road. That is up until I started using celexa...

I have smoked three times (all three in my friend's car, mid-grade cannabis) since using celexa and have experienced very little to no paranoia while stoned. I have been able to enjoy myself and truly appreciate marijuana. I have been cautious enough to take precautions to prevent being caught (i.e. keep the joint low, hold it like a cigarette), but I no longer have nausea. Another noteworthy aspect of this is that marijuana in no way changes celexa's effects. I have continued using celexa and have remained without feelings of depression. Celexa still works just as well as it ever did. 

Another effect of these two drugs taken in combination that I feel like I should share is the decreased intoxication. Let me first state that I used to act mildly absurd when I was stoned before using celexa. My judgement was off, and I was more blatantly intoxicated. I also could not carry on conversations with others because I would forget what I was talking about. I now feel less impaired and can act sober and carry out everyday activities as if I was sober. I am able to carry on conversations and coherently discuss anything while stoned. This, however, could just be the result of myself becoming more adjusted to marijuana.