6:30 AM - Ate 3 milligrams of 5-MeO-AMT.

7:05 AM - Feeling a bit of nausea nothing too bad.

7:22 AM - Stomach is gassy burps will not stop.

7:27 AM - Nausea is gone pretty much little body buzz going.

7:29 AM - Whoa, color just got a lot brighter all of a sudden!

7:31 AM - Trails have started VERRRRRRY delayed.

7:46 AM - Intense trials and closed eye visuals.

7:48 AM - The joy of a smile is all one can ever want. :P

7:52 AM - So much better than AMT more focused in tune with movement.

8:20 AM - At a bit of a plateau maybe peak I don't know it's still great.

8:23 AM - Visuals kind of fading but believe from lack of stuff to do other than sit at a computer at the moment.

9:20 AM - Ate three more milligrams!

9:52 AM - Everything I focus on is melting away feels like I am underwater its very relaxing.

2:06 PM - I decide I will never do this drug again without knowing for sure no one is going to show up at my door that I don't want here. I forgot all about an old roommate that was coming buy and he was trying to find a car part. He had left here he also brought two of his friends with him witch is not cool the guy was ok and polite but his girlfriend was very – how do I put this – ‘snooty'. When she walked in the first thing she did was make a face and stare right into my eyes with the expression, ‘WTF are you on?' So I quickly turned away and let them look for the part they tore up my big closet looking for it. I was too incapacitated to look for it but I was still walking around looking for it after they left I was like totally stressed out and wanted not to trip anymore because I was full of bad vibes. I ate two downers and was awaiting them to kick in so I would at least not be feeling so bad.

2:50 PM - I decide to take a few nitrous hits and see if I can get ride of nasty feelings it works and brings back melting a bit and trails but I am totally worn out and decide to just chill and listen to music.

3:31 PM - Back to a smooth ride no problems.

5:50 PM - Coming down decide to go to sleep.

10:22 AM (next day) - Awoke from sleep refreshed.