Take extreme caution with syrian rue, some people can have very bad reactions to harmaline-harmala...!!

I have been 'toying' with mimosa hostilis and syrian rue for about four years, this has been my recipe for 2 of those years:

2 lbs Syrian Rue (crushed in a coffee grinder)
1 lb Mimosa Hostilis Rootbark
RealLemon lemonjuice
6-10 gallons distilled water
2 Large pots
Pyrex Baking dish (I like the big rectangle ones)

First, take half of the mimosa hostilis, and break it up, smash it, do whatever you like to make it into small pieces (I usually break it up by hand to ensure that there are no large chunks)

Second, add enough water to sufficiently cover the red mass in the bottom of the pot, place on stove on medium heat, bring to boil.

When the mixture begins to boil, add lemonjuice (slowly!! small squirts...) until 'soap suds' type bubbles begin to appear (multicolored and small), this seems to be a high enough acidity for what we're after. Watch it carefully, you want to keep enough water in the pot to keep the mimosa well submersed, I like to put a cover on the pot (one with a hole in it, use less water this way)

boil for 3 hours

strain the bark from the liquid
place magic liquid in the other large pot, bring to slow boil
place parched bark back in the original pot, adding water, lemonjuice, same as before, boil for another 3 hours
strain, and throw away bark

place second magic fluid, in the same pot as the first, next boil it, until there's about an inch of fluid on the bottom

Pour the now more powerful magic fluid into the pyrex baking dish, and put on LOW heat (notice I stressed 'LOW')

After a while, red bubbles will begin to form, as long as they keep popping, when the bubbles begin to 'blow up' or the fluid becomes elastic like, remove it from the heat.

Next is the worst step: (if you find a better way, let me know)
Put a cloth over the now magic sludge, making sure the cloth does not droop into the good stuff, put it away, and let it cure
the bigger the recipe, the longer the wait

curing is done, when you can scrape a red solid from the dish with a razorblade,(you'll wish you could use a jackhammer to remove it)

this will make a high but unknown amount of 'doses' depending on potency of the jurema, and where you get it.

Now the fun Part:
go buy a bunch of gelcaps
some people may begin with: 
6-10 grams Syrian Rue
3-4 grams of the now Magic red sticky crap

Dosing goes accordingly
If dosing 6 grams Syrian rue, break dose into 3 parts, eat 2 grams every 5 minutes (15 minutes total here, try not to exceed 30 minutes for this part)

when syrian rue dose is complete, wait 20 minutes
Magic red sticky crap should be broken into 2 doses
again every 5 minutes

The above dose tends to last 2-4 hours of visuals, colors, closed eye visuals, sounds, laughing fits.

Seems to me that the more syrian rue that is consumed, the longer the duration of the trip, when more of the red stuff, doesn't seem to prolong, but seems to intensify.

In a world of ecstasy, cocaine, lsd, mushrooms
it's pretty easy to get $20 for a pill form dose of ayahuasca, to knowledgable customers of course....

I started using this dose nearly 2 and half years ago, nausea is the roughest part of the experience, but spanning out the doses seems to be an excellent nausea control, for both myself and everyone else. (Shock to the body??)

My body seems to gain a tolerance for the stuff, 2 and half years ago, 3 grams of the red stuff would make me purge every time, still trip, but would always get sick.  At this point I can eat over 30grams of syrian rue, and follow that by 12grams of red stuff, and no purge, it's all in getting used to it....

With the above dosage, I experience flying with other 'beings', falling though the earth, floating in the void, dying, several times dying (giving a feeling of rebirth), total confusion, speaking with large cats, as far as closed eye visuals go
eyes open, things will begin to twist and spiral at first, like mushrooms, then my vision seems to be extremely acute, if I try to focus on something, the color seems to become so intense that the color just breaks into shards followed by a shower of light from every angle.  

now, I did mention that a physical tolerance may be aquired from the stuff, but perhaps it just a tolerance to the sickness because I can trip monday, then tuesday, then wednesday...... and still trip like it was my first time... every time

hope to see more in the spirit world soon