With two sitters present, I sat down on the couch and smoked one full average glass bong bowl of salvia divinorum using a torch as a lighter.  I immediately arrived in a world where I was intertwined with all substance so that if I jerked my shoulder, all of the landscape out to the horizon would jerk toward me.  I had no awareness that I was in my house with people.  

Before I could settle into this close connection with matter, I struggled a little bit just to find my boundaries and that set up waves that came crashing toward me from afar.  The landscape itself was buckling in waves and rolling toward me.  There were waves within the waves.  When the waves approached I was standing in a middle-class American residential neighborhood but the waves tossed everything up and exposed layers that unpeeled and buckled in different directions.  I found myself thrown up against the side of a house as the wave rumbled through me and I saw portions of the neighborhood shrink and replant on the wall above me in an effort to stay ahead of the waves.  I watched families go through their lives in a kind of speeded up time-lapse photography, living in toy villages growing on the side of the house.  The layers that unpeeled the neighborhood would grab a barbeque and take it down and away while the next layer would attach itself to a flag pole and then move it up the wave crest.  When the wave actually reached my body, I looked down to see my body chopped into pieces and then strewn forward to be ploughed under.  I was able to watch my body pieces being ploughed under because it didn't reach my eyes until last.  

I had the distinct thought that the present feeds the future.  I felt my insignificance and I had the impression that the universe was laughing at my horror as if I should have known that the waves were inevitable.  I felt betrayed that all of our human activity could be shattered.  The looks of the people riding the waves with me were of shock, betrayal, and dismay.  The violence of the vision was shocking and dispiriting.  After it chopped up my head, I found myself rocking and entwined in a green jungle with many tendrils.  As I enjoyed this spot, it slowly began to dawn on me that I might be in a place that I could recognize and I began to remember myself.  I realized that I was in my house, but the walls were thick with green vegetation.  Then I blinked my eyes and I was back.  Total duration was six minutes.  I have never had a more overwhelming, beautiful, frightening, elaborate, or memorable vision.