Having recently 'liberated' a rather nice glass tube from my schools physics department I finally got round to building a vapouriser. I constructed it by simply covering one end in tin foil, and sticking a bung in the other end.

I met with a freind on Saturday evening and decided to give it a go. We loaded about one and a half shottis worth (about a small bud) of skunk into the thing in two loads. We then held a lighter under the tinfoil, which caused a thick whit vapour to be given off by the skunk, when it had all turned black and would not produce anymore smoke I removed the tinfoil and the bung from the tube and was able to inhale the contents pretty quickly. We then repeated this, using up the last of our skunk.

The smoke had a strange taste, not one that I would usually asociate with cannabis, not much of it was produced for the amount we burnt. It felt a little harsh, though not in the usual way, I suspect it could be something to do with the tempreture of the smoke, or its high THC concentration.

The most noticable affect was that there was none of the usual 'stonig' affects, I think this is due to the absence of CBCs in the vapour. Despite the lack of the usual affects I got the impression that the small amount i had smoked was going to have quite an affect.

The affects of the smoke crept up on me prety slowly, with none of the usual side affects it takes awhile before you realise that anything is happening. Once the affects have taken hold they were quite strong, i found myself very atentive to what other people were doing. I would watch them and be able to analyse what they were doing. Later I realised that the way in which I was seeing things had also altered, everything still looked the same, but the way in which my mind was building a model of my surroundings was somehow different. Later at home I watched a couple of films, they both seemed very interesting, despite not being something I would usually watch, I was able to become very involved in them.

When I woke up on Sunday I was still able to detect some of the affects, although there was none of the usual monged or tired feelings.

To conclude, I think this form of smoking has a lot to offer, its meant to be a lot more effecient and healthy, but the real benifits lie in revealing another side of this plant. Many of the happy feelings are gone, but it feels a lot like what I would imagine a trip to be like. I would definetly recomend this, perticularly if you are considering experimenting with more powerful entheogens in the future.

Simple Ed