I ingested ½ ounce of fresh grated nutmeg between 8:00 and 8:30 and 9:00 and 9:15 on Thursday morning, consuming 2/3 of the quantity in the first half hour with water, and finishing it in the quarter of an hour. I mixed the nutmeg with water and drank it down. It tasted fookin bad. My mindset was calm, I had had a good nights sleep, and was on no medication whatsoever. At the time, the only other drugs I had tried was cannabis and alcohol.

Around 12:00 I was starting to feel the drugs mild effects, mostly dizziness as well as a new appreciation of nature and better mood, and by 15:30 I was blissfully relaxed, lying outside much like being heavily stoned on mj. I watched the clouds seem to change shape (they probably did, being water vapour) and appreciated the blue sky and the warm sun. I took a trip into town and found the sounds and sights of nature more endearing than ever before, however I experienced slight paranoia in that I believed I was being followed. I went into two shops and found the shopkeepers were really, really nice, (nicer than usual) however I couldn't decide on what bread to buy, and found myself staring at colourful rows of neatly stacked books. 

At around 17:30 I returned home, only to find a batch of freshly baked oat crunchies. I helped myself, and found myself marvelling at the golden colour and savouring the amazing taste.

Around 18:00 my limbs began to feel heavy, and I began to experience little auditory hallucinations, as well as experiencing a flow of colour when I closed my eyes. I went upstairs and lay on my bed. I watched a poster on my wall, and found that if I stared hard at its face, it would float away. During this time I also experienced a sensation like a little baby punching the inside of my head, as well as really hot face and ears, and pressure building up around my head. It was quite painful, especially after I felt like my heart was being squeezed, so I tried to close my eyes and forget about it.

At 18:30 my limbs were feeling so heavy that it felt like I was detached from the rest of the world, or moving in slow motion, like in water, and I could swear I could see ripples as my arm passed through the air. When I looked in the mirror I could see that my eyes were bloodshot, and I was quite pale. I went back to bed and attempted to philosiphize. However, due to the tiny memory span I had whilst on the nutmeg, I could not manage to follow even the simplest train of thought.

At 19:30 I went and watched some TV, and laughed at any attempt at humour from anyone. Although I still felt detached and heavy, I started to feel a sensation like falling. 

At 20:00 I went upstairs and lay on my bed, enjoying the falling sensation, but snapping out of it when I felt like I was going to hit the ground. I did this for about an hour before watching some comedy downstairs. It was extremely funny. I watched TV until 23:00 before going upstairs and sitting in my room with the light on. 

At 23:30, I think I must have blacked out. I wasn't awake for 3 hours, but I wasn't asleep? Because instead of waking painfully, I just opened my eyes and I was still sitting up, not tired or weary, with the light still on. I got little auditory hallucinations through the night. The next day was a blur. Just a stoned feeling throughout the day, stomach aches, fooooking dry mouth. 

All in all, I think it was a worthwhile, pleasant experience, and would recommend it. I think nutmeg actively enhances the senses of taste, sight, hearing and touch. I'm not sure about smell. The hangover was pretty harsh so I would recommend setting aside 48 hours+. I'm not sure I would try it again because of the rank taste and longevity of the trip. The effects were pleasant enough though.