[Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]    during the first trip around his neighborhood, I was literally hallucinating.  I was seeing people walking down the road, but when I would look again, they would vanish in a cloud of smoke.  I could WATCH them vanish.  I parked the car in his driveway and decided to wait a little longer.

T +4:00 - it was already almost 4am by this time, and I was still hallucinating.  I really really needed to get back home.  While I think this was a retarted decision, I decided to begin the journey home.  My drive from Friend A's house is a little less than an hour.  I decided that if I took back roads and went only as fast as I could stand, I would be alright.  Although nothing bad happened on the way home, I saw multiple occasions which it could have.  The entire trip home I was hallucinating.  I would just see people walking on the side of the road, and the closer I got, they just vanished.  The way my headlights were lighting the road created very odd patterns, some of which I believe I could only perceive in that particular state of mind.  It took me over an hour and a half to get home.  

Once I returned home, I went to my bedroom and lost complete track of time.  I was sitting in front of my computer just looking at it.  I was still hallucinating, but mildly at this point.  I kept seeing people in my closet, like they were stealing my clothes.  I actually held a conversation with a friend of mine who was in there, and at the end of it, I told him to get out.  As soon as I said that, I realized I was hallucinating and felt very stupid for talking to my closet door.  

I'm not sure, but I'm almost positive that I overdosed that night.  My heart was racing, I was sweating, and my eyes COULD NOT stay still.  My thought patterns were VERY irrational.  Mostly, I've only heard rare occasions of people hallucinating on X.  Throughout the night, I was not thinking 'Oh my god, I'm gonna die'... rather, I somehow kept the mindset of 'This is the best I've ever felt in my life!!'  I believe that fact saved me a trip to the hospital.  As I said above, I may not know my limits when it comes to drugs, but I DO know what feels good and what doesn't.  I also know that if I feel bad or have negative thoughts, this is most likely how my trip will end up.  

I am writing this at about T+21:00 and all I can really say is that I am very much e-tarted.  Anything more than getting up to use the restroom requires too much energy and most likely will not be done.  Unlike most people, my e-tardation does not depress me.  After a roll on E, it almost seems I realize what wonder and beauty surrounds me.