I would like to talk a little about snuff because there seems to be a lack of information about it. By snuff I mean tobacco taken to the nose. I have been an avid snuff taker for a few years now and I would like to make some information availible to those who are interested.

There are several misconceptions about snuff that I would like to clarrify.  There seems to be some confusion in the word alone. In America, snuff is commonly used to mean chew, dip, ect. Many products such as Skoal, Copenhagen, Timber Wolf, ect, refer to their fine cut products as snuff, but it is for oral use only.  Wet tobacco is NOT real snuff by traditional stanards and should NEVER be taken to the nose. Doing so may cause damage to the nose and probably severe pain.

The second being that snuff is meant to be snorted. Dry snuff should NOT make it past the nasal cavity. It is to be sniffed lightly, allowing the dust to accumulate in the lower part of the nose. If you snort snuff like you would other substances you will probably not enjoy it, and will not reciprocate its fullest effects. For the best nicotine lift, and to achieve the fullest flavor and enjoyment, one should adhere this advice. 

To anyone trying nasal snuff for the first time here are some of my experiences that may help you enjoy it to the fullest.

I start with small ammounts. I take a little pinch with my thumb and index finger and hold my hand about 2 inches away from my nose. Then I lightly sniff like I am smelling a flower. First I just try to smell the aroma then I slowly bring my fingers closer, inhaling the dust into my nose. To avoid over inhaling, I leave both nostril open.

Occasionally I may feel a little sneezy, but this disipates after a little while. I feel clear minded, calm, and focused. I find snuff to be the most enjoyable way to take tobacco. 

During my research I have come to the conclusion that snuff seems to be the safest alternative when it comes to tobacco usage. Remember this does not mean it is harmless or completely safe, however, it is possibly a good means of harm reduction.

There are some good websites with usefull information on this topic. They seem to be kind hearted and not to promote tobacco companies.