I have taken mushrooms seven or eight times and right from the first time I took them I experienced the same trip, it usually happens during the visually intense comedown and each time it is always a continuation of the last trip. The first 'episode' of this trip was on my first experience with mushrooms. It was in amsterdam with some friends. We got about 12grms of mexican mushrooms each and headed to a park. This was great fun and we just walked around in circles for hours laughing our asses off. I loved it. The sunshine made rainbows around everything I looked at and all the trees and flowers seemed to be laughing with us.

It was later, after we had found our way home that the real trip began. Everybody was very confused and tired after the comedown and we all had some joints and went to bed. I lay there for a while, still tripping like mad. Watching the curtains change shape and things like that. When I closed my eyes I stopped thinking. All thoughts were projected into my mind. I just lay there, taking it in. I could see myself rising high above the city and spears of light shot past me towards the earth. I was flying upwards at an amazing speed. Then all the spears of light faded and I slowed down. I was now hanging suspended in infinite darkness. Tiny lights began to apear everyhere around me. They were very much like stars in space but somehow I knew this was not space. Curling beams of light shot between each 'star'in the same kind of movements as a snake, except very fast. Something in my mind told me ehat all of this meant. I could somehow understand it all. The tiny lights were people and the snakes of light were the paths through life they take. The paths connected with other people and this is what made them seem to swim this way and that, they were influenced by the paths of everybody else. The image of this was enormous, I knew it went on forever. This was some kind of map of life. It made a web of lights as far as I could see. It is hard for me to remember all the thoughts that were appearing in my mind during all of this but I do remember being amazed by the profoundness of the thoughts and the fluidity with which they came to me. When I came back to the real world and found myself in my hotel room everything seemed so fake and trivial. It took me a couple of days to regain the feeling that the world we live in is reality.
     
My other experiences were with the irish liberty caps, of which I would take about 100 each time. The trip continued from before and this time I found the life path of me and some other people I know and followed it into the longterm future. I could not see incidents of the future but I knew who I would still be friends with, who would take a different path and I also got a glimpse of some of the more influential people I am to meet. I have no real expectations of any of this to come true but I would not be surprised if it does. I will go into more detail on all of this some other time. At the moment I am cultivating some mexican mushrooms in my home. They will be all ready in about a week and I look foreward to the next revelations of the map of life.