I have used Salvia Divinorum in several standardized extract forms, the most pwoerful being the 25mg capsules of leaf material with 1mg of Salvinorin A on it. Aside from the absolutely strange effects this compound can cause, I have found that, strong doses of this herb (and I presume it's just the Salvinorin A, because this effect has been much more promienient with extract use) have caused a couple of different and reproduceable phyisiological symptoms. 

First I find that it can cause a complete clearing of the nasal passages and sinus cavitites. I have been completely stuffed up before using this substance in a strong dose, and found that all the mucous in my head virtually disappears as the effects are coming on. Often the sensastion of the clearing of the nasal passages and sinuses seems to be in concert with the 'gravitational force' feelings people describe, I usually feel these forces first in my head, and the sensastion is almost as if all these cavitites widen and buckle a bit and all the mucous in my head evaporates along with these sensations. I haven't noticed any long term clearing of the sinuses, its more like a complete cleaning of whats there occurs, yet whatever is causing me to be stuffed up isn't addressed, and of course I'll be stuffed up the next day. I'd say at best the clearing effects last 8-12 hours for me.  I'm not someone with chronic allergies, but in the winter I am usually stuffed up pretty bad the entire time. 

Another physiological symptom is an immediate bubbling in my stomach, the sensastion and sound is just like a hunger pain, but with no sensastion of pain at all, just a tickling-like sensastion of light gas bubbling. Both of these effects seem to come
on a bit quicker than the pyschological effects, or during the onset of the pyschological effects. Has anyone else experienced these effects?  I thought that these effects may be something to consider when looking at what chemical systems in the body/brain Salvinorin A affects. Of course the effects could be something particular to me, or related to being nervous, etc.. But for myself anyway, there is a reproducibility in these effects and the effects themselves seem very brought on.

Given the psychological intensity of the Salvia experience I could see how these effects could easily not be mentioned, but I thought maybe if I threw this out here, some other people may be able to support these claims.

While these effects have been most promienient when using strong extracts, I have always experienced the effects in milder forms when using, liquid extracts , chewing the leaves, and while smoking small amounts of normal leaf.

One last thing: I have never had a shot of epinephrine before, but a friend of mine once went into anaphylactic shock, and recieved a shot of epinephrine as treatment. The way she described how her swelling, contriction, hives etc.. went away after this shot sounds similar (though more intense) to these clearing effects I get from Salvia divinorum.

Take it Easy and Be Careful.