Background: I am currently 17 years old, and I had my first salvia experince when I was 16, a few months ago. I am not an experinced drug user. I have a great amount of experince with weed. Salvia was my first Pychedelic experince. I also have limited experince with painkillers and DXM.

The Trip: I had just come back to home from my vaction for my uncles wedding. I was hanging out with 3 of my friends just chiefin all day. We got to talking and I decided that I wanted to try the last bowl of one my friends 15x salvia. The three of us drove to a park where we venture to often. Our high school football team was practicing on a field about 100 yards away and there was also a young father with her daughter in the tire swing. I was sitting in the backseat on the driver's side. My friend, the driver, lets call her 'K', loaded her bong with the 15x salvia. I told her I wanted to be 'gone.' She responded with a 'heh.' I didn't know how to take her reaction and she said that her experince was somewhat unpleasent. This didn't discourage me.

'K' handed me the bong I held it, and exhaled all air out of my lungs. I hit the bong, 'K', and my other friend 'N', each used a bic lighter to roast the bowl. I hit the bong as hard as I possibly could. The smoke was suprisingly not harsh, in fact, I held it in my lungs to the point where 'K' was telling me to exhale. I figured I had held the smoke in for about 30 seconds. I opened the door and exhaled. At that moment I felt something, something I've never felt before. I looked through the windsheild of her car and saw the trees turn extremely bright colors and spin out of my sight. 'K' told me to go outside. I stepped outside and boom, I was gone.

I had complety forgot I had smoked salvia. I was in this mysterious world where everything was like a cartoon. I was no longer in reality. I was in strips of time that showed me in something that seemed like a comic book. I felt like I was in a scene, I think I was 'at school?' The 'scene' was almost like a movie, but I was on something like a sheet of paper at the same time. This was it, it was reality. This was all there was. This feeling was extremly disturbing and I went into a state of complete terror. I remeber screaming some profanities, due to sheer terror. This was only the begining.

The 'scene' I was in somehow intertwined with another 'scene' and I was somehow moved from the previous 'scene' to the new one. I somehow was moved from the first scene, which was me at school, to the next one with something to do with the senses. For example, if I said something in 'scene 1,' the same vocal would be somehow transfered to 'scene 2' but scene one would commence, like a movie, without me. The 'scenes' would stack up, like thin pieces of paper layed on flat on a desk, one on top of the other. All I wanted was to stop the scenes from moving. I wanted peace. I had about another 15 minutes of hell before I could be at peace. I figure I traveled through over ten thousand different 'scenes'

After the 'scenes' of my life had somehow stopped, my vision of the 'scenes' zoomed out somehow, like I was watching my own life, but still inside the 'scenes.' The stacked up 'scenes' were just pieces of one enourmous thumb in a world of eternal darkness. This was all there was, the thumb and the darkness, and I was trapped in this world forever. As I looked at the thumb I saw other beings trying to escape its presence. It looked like human beings were trapped inside this giant thumb and they were trying to break the skin that was holding them in. I saw them trying to push through the skin, trying to break it, and calling out for help.

This stopped quickly, and soon I was looking at the thumb and there were billions and billions of different 'scenes'. These were gateways back to reality. I had to find the right one back to the park. I don't recall how many different scenes I went to be it had to be over one thousand. I finally, after what seemed like an eternity, found the portal back to reality. The portal was like a door, like on monsters inc. there was a doorframe, and the 'scene' of the park. On the left side of the door was a mailbox, I have no idea why there was a mailbox, but for some reason it sticks out in my memory. Anyway, I was standing in front of the door and I put my hands inside the gateway and tried to pull myself in. There was a force stopping me. Some mysterious force in this bizzare world was trying to entrap me in this hell. After struggling for what seemed hours I pulled myself through, back to reality. The relief set in and I felt more thankful to be in reality then ever. 

However, this was not the end of my trip. I saw my friend 'H' and I tried running over to her and giving her a hug. I just wanted to be assured that I was back in reality. She screamed and ran away. This was because she was extremly terrified of my behavior. At this point my vision started to minimize. The best way to describe this is like windows on a computer minimizing. This event happend at an outrageous rate, so fast that I could barely comprehend where I was. The vision I had of the park, of my friends, of reality started to be 'minimized' into objects, just as a window in a computer would. I just closed my eyes and hoped for the best. 

The Comedown: When I was finally starting to realize what happend, I felt the need to lay on the ground due to my massive headache, perspiration, and burning skin. My friend 'k' helped me to a bench where I recouperated for about 2 minutes. By this time the entire football team had started to walk over to us wondering what was going on. 'K' and 'M' helped me up from the bench and escorted me into the car. At this point I was no longer trippin out, but I was very confused to what the fuck had just happend.

Then I remembered. I had smoked salvia. I began to orginize events in my mind from right before I had smoked the herb. I had totally forgotten that I smoked Salvia. The feeling I had was still strong, nothing compared to what it was, but it felt like I was extremely drunk. There was a slight 'spinning' feeling. 'K' started up her car and I freaked out. She started to reverse, to take me back to my car, but I could not stand movement. She didn't listen. I quickly became calmer, with my friends reassurance that I would be fine. 'That was the worst shit ever.' I said. 'K' drove me back to taco bell, where my car was, due to the fact that I had to go home to my mom and mow the lawn. When I got in my car I just layed down for about 5 minutes till I felt good enough to drive. I drove strait home and mowed the lawn without trouble. However, I did receive an extremly large headache and a feeling of 'WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPEND TO ME?!'

Afterwards: The next day my friends told me that I had been walking around the park for about 20 minutes screaming 'What the fuck!?' and 'Salvia.' They also said I had a different voice, something very low and almost demonic. I'm sure the man and his daughter were extremly irritated with my behavior. The football team saw the whole event, and the next day at school was not pleasent. 

My Thoughts: Salvia, and the loss of my dad to cancer, are on the same level of powerful experinces for me. As terrifying as salvia is, I do not regret doing it. In fact, a few weeks later I tried it again with my friend 'N' and a few other people. We aquired 15x and smoked it. This time I did not trip out very hard. This may have been beacause we had not smoked cannabis before. My second trip on salvia was alot less intense. I did not lose 'reality.' I felt the sensations I had the first time I smoked salvia but on a much less intense level. I experinced flashbacks from my first experince. I have decided I am done with this herb. However, I do not regret trying it.