I can't write much because I don't remember much.  I again wanted to run from my depression.  I took Oxycontin for the second time in my life.  I swore after the first time I'd never take it again because I got so sick on it.  I did it again though.  This time I took 1 Oxy pill that was 40 mgs and then 4 Klonopin pills that equal 4 mgs.  I knew the Oxy would make me feel nausious so I decided to smoke some pot when I started to feel that way.

These are the things I remember.  I got the chills, then hot, then the chills, and this went on all night.  I got nausious like I expected and then smoked some pot and it went away mostly.  Enough that I didn't have to puke, yet!  I remember trying to write on a bulliten board on the net but I looked at it a week later and don't understand what I was saying.  No one else does either obviously.  I called the pharmacy to try to refil the Klonopin perscription but it was a year old and the automated machine said it would contact my doctor first.  I hung up the phone knowing I was probably in trouble.  Then I remember trying to feed my fish.  I woke up standing over the tank with the food in my hand.  It was wet from sweat and I have no idea how long I had been asleep standing there.  My guess is a short time or I probably would've fallen over.  I remember tying to pee on the toilet but I would fall asleep on the toilet before I started to pee.  This happened over and over.  Finally I had to work really hard to stay awake to get myself to pee.  That's all I remember.

The next morning I woke up in bed with all my clothes on.  It was 10am and my mom had called to tell me she thought she was having a heart attack!  I couldn't do anything about it.  I told her to call 911 and that I woke up that morning sick with the flu or something.  I called my older sister at home and told her I was ill and that mom was getting a ride to the hospital in an ambulance.  They all believed my story.  Everyone except my psychiatrist.  

He called me around noon.  He asked me, 'How are you doing?'  I mumble, 'Uh, ok.'  He says, 'Why the hesitation?'  I tell him that I took an oxycontin last night.  He asks, 'What else?'  I said, 'and 4 Klonopin.'  He says, 'Well I thought that might be the case because the pharmacy called me this morning about the Klonopin you tried to get refilled.  I'm obviously not going to agree to that.  Here's the deal.  I am very worried about you.  You are getting worse.  There are no beds at the psych section of the hospital at the moment.  I've got your name on the waiting list.  As soon as a bed opens up I want you to check in.  If you don't, I won't see you anymore as a patient.'  I agreed because I am very attached and dependent on him.  He and my therapist are the only people I trust in the world.

I wouldn't have shared all this but as soon as I got off the phone with him, I ran to the bathroom and puked for what seemed like 30 minutes.  The pot worked the night before to fend off the nausia, but I wasn't ready for it the next morning.  By the way.  I am out of the hospital now and my mom is recovering fine too.  I am still trying to not kill myself.  :(