Well, to begin this report, I must tell you some of my background history.  I have dabbled into pretty much every kind of substance except for IV (ie heroine).  I smoke pot on a regular basis, and have experimented with shrooms, 2ci, LSD, ecstacy, pain medications, etc.  I have done cocaine in the past, but by no means go looking for it on a regular basis.  Usually it would be when a bunch of friends and I got together and decided to buy a gram or two for the party for the 4 or 5 of us.  So, total, I've used cocaine about 5 times, each time not craving it at all.  It's just good for a change.

I had been getting tired of a pot high, and had rolled on E a week or so ago (I hate coming down off of E, it is the worst feeling ever), and was wanting something different that I hadn't done in a while.  So, the obvious answer was coke.  I called up a friend, who knew a guy who supposedly had soft.  So, she and I drove up to the parking lot, and she walks back into my car, asking if I'd be ok with rock.  Now I've never tried it before, and I have to admit, I was really scared to try it, but a part of my brain said 'Fuck it, let's go for it.'  So we bought it.

After making a trip into a local store to buy some Chore Boy (steel wool) and a tire gauge, she rigged a makeshift crackpipe.  Obviously she had done it before, so she showed me the proper way to take a hit, etc.  

So, for my first hit, we loaded a decent sized rock on top of the pipe, I lit it straight up, and the gradually moved it down like I was instructed to.  Upon holding my breath to hold it in, I could already feel the rush.  WHAM.  I had instant tunnel vision, I was high as a kite, and I couldn't stop talking.  Approximately 10 minutes later, I wanted another hit, and another.  

I had some left over this morning, and did not hesitate to light it up, and I found myself scraping the inside and moving the Chore Boy around to see if I could find ANY at all still left inside.  

All around, the high was fun, but not something that I, as a psychonaut, prefer.  THIS SUBSTANCE FELT HIGHLY ADDICTIVE.  I find that even though I didn't particularly enjoy the high, I want to, right now, go out and find more.  And more.  

So verdict:  Fun, but very scary.

Experiment Safely,
Boo