I had been waiting to take MDMA for quite some time and when I finally recieved some I got extremely excited. I felt that it was reliable because I got it from the same person who I had previously gotten really good LSD from. However, in the back of my mind, I sort of felt it was a scam because of everything I had read about ecstasy being very unpure. Now, a little about me: I am usually a decently happy person however, recently I have been very unhappy and depressed. I have been using drugs as a means of recreation and learning for the past 2 years roughly. I have used LSD, 2C-I, 5MeO-AMT, 4HO-DiPT, DPT, 5MeO-MiPT, and Diphenhydramine, as well as more less powerful substances such as opium, cannibis, nitrous oxide, alcohol, salvia-divinorum, and assorted painkillers. Overall I really enjoyed psychedelic experiences because of the way they made me think about things and the change in consciousness that I got from them. I went into this experience thinking that it would be another typical psychedelic exploration with traditional effects. However, I was wrong.

I had 2 pills with rolex crown logos on them in my possesion for quite some time before I finally took them with my brother. We fasted for 2 to 3 hours beforehand and prepared by getting a lot of water and preparing good music for the occasion. After we took the pills we sat around for nearly two hours feeling absolutely no change except for maybe a slight increase in pulse. After 2 and a half hours of waiting I finally decided that they were not going to effect me at all so i started to prepare for sleep. I laid down on the bed and closed my eyes, ready to sleep. I was highly dissapointed and very agitated. Then, all of a sudden I wasn't as bitter about the pills not working anymore. In fact, I was quite happy. Could this be the effect of the drug? I wasn't sure for it in no way felt like anything I had done before. I began to experience a rushing sensation and sat up to try to figure out what was going on. I put my clothes back on and walked across the room to where my brother was laying. I told him I felt kind of strange and he agreed although we couldn't think of the words to describe it. As far as I could tell there were no physical symptoms apart from the occasional wave of pleasure that went through my body. 

We sat in silence for nearly 30 minutes before I finally started talking. I felt like I could tell him anything. We both sat for hours and discussed everything we could think of. I felt a connection with him that I had never felt before. We both understood each other on a level of understanding that I had never known before. It is nearly impossible to describe. Every difficult emotion I had been going through over the past few days I felt completely comfortable to talk about. It seemed that same for him as well. I can't pinpoint the exact time that the drug wore off because we ended up talking for so long about very important subjects that we didn't even notice. 

Afterwards, I went for a short walk and then went back to my room and fell asleep. When I awoke a short time later, I felt incredibly refreshed. I did not get the horrible day-after crash or hangover that most people warned me about. I am writing this the next day and I feel better about myself and about my problems. I realized that there were people in my life that I needed to apologize to and that I am no longer afraid of making a fool of myself. I feel like I have to start doing the right thing and start treating people in a better way. I think that MDMA could have a lot of potential in therapeutic environments. It causes people to open up and trust one another. I think that this drug is nothing but good. I recommend this substance to everyone, just be careful and make sure that what you're buying really is MDMA. I feel like I have become a better person and that I now share a deeper connection with my brother. Thanks MDMA!