(Note: The following times are estimated)

Drug experience: An entire array of substances: painkillers, frequent cannabis use, amt, over 30 5-meo-dipt experiences, 5-meo-amt, mushrooms, lsd, 2c-t-2, nutmeg, dxm and lsa to name a few.  I'd also done 2c-i three times previously in doses of 12mg, 20mg and 20mg.  

At nine 'o clock in the evening I dosed 20mg with my two friends A and B, who took 17.5 and 15mg respectively.  For an hour and a half the trip was completely smooth, we rested outside admiring the moon and cloud formations.  

T+ 1.30 We decide to walk to a friend's house, a block or so away.  The walk is enjoyable, but unremarkable.  We seemed more concerned with getting to our destination than savoring the walk.

T+  2.00 We arrive at a friend's house, and smoke a few bongs of mid-grade.  The trip is going well, and everyone appears to be enjoying themselves.  

T+ 2.15  I notice that my heart-rate is extremely rapid, and it makes me very anxious.  The music in the room, accompanied by someone playing an accordian in the next room makes the atmosphere very unsettling.  I comment that 'I do not like this' speaking of the trip in general, B agrees.  

T 2.30  We leave the house to walk downtown, I'm extremely worried about my heartrate.  I feel like I just took four yellow jackets, my heart is a jackhammer.  I remember coming to terms with my own death, and believing that there was a definite possability of dying.  A and B notice their hearts are also beating extremely rapidly, upon my mentioning it.  We try to determine whether the increased heart rate is a cause for concern, realizing that it could be a result of a long walk, near freezing temperatures and the un-nerving atmosphere of the room.  I mentioned the possability of going to a hospital, which is only a few blocks away, we start to walk there.

T 2.45 We arrive at the hosptial, and sit down on benches outside.  Nobody has the intention of admitting themselves, but we feel it's a good place to be in case anything should go wrong.  The idea of immediate treatment is very comforting.  

T 3.30 Our heart-rates are still elevated, but seem more reasonable.  We walk a few more blocks downtown, by this time we've covered at least four miles on foot.  Once we reach the downtown everyone is a great deal more relaxed.  We meet some other friends and head to a party.

T 4.00 We arrive at a party, consisting mainly of the extremely drunk.  We stay for an hour or so, but drunks tend not to provide very good company for the tripping.  We decided to leave in search of food.

T 5.00 After walking back downtown and talking about food options, we notice that the majority of the effects have worn off.  We find my car, which is downtown and drive to B's house.  We eat a good deal of food, and play video games for the next few hours, smoke more cannabis and eventually fall asleep.

In short I found this a very frightening experience.  There were certainly good aspects of the trip, but they were outshined by health worries.  I'd be extremely interested in anyone else that has had a similar experience.  In retrospect, I believe the increased heart-rate may have simply been due to a lot of brisk walking.  At any rate, this is my experience, and I intend to check my heart-rate before, during and after my next 2c-i experience.