First of I would like to say neither I nor my friend were experienced drinkers and didn't know how much we could handle, this turned out to be a huge mistake. 

It was New Year's Eve and me and my friend decided to score  a 40 ounce bottle of Smirnoff Twist for later that night. I also had about 24 ounces of Bacardi 151 we took from our parents. After I arrived at his house we waited until his parents went to sleep and started to drink. It was about 11 o' clock and we decided to mix it with orange juice. This is probably my 3rd time drinking This is probably my 3rd time drinking and his 2nd or 3rd too. I put about 5-6 ounces in a glass and chugged it down relatively quickly. 

After having a slight buzz I started my 2nd glass with about 2 ounces. Soon after that I began freaking out because his mom's boyfriend is extremely built and I thought he was going to find me and kill me. From what my friend told me because I have no recollection past this point, I started to drink swigs straight from the bottle. I started banging my head off the wall and making a lot of noise. My friend finally calmed me down and popped in the movie Anchorman. I couldn't focus or see straight. 

Last thing I remember is waking up puking all over his room. I then passed out in my puke. Last thing I remember is waking up puking all over his room. I then passed out in my puke.Apparently I was only sleeping for 15 minutes. I though it was hours. He woke me up screaming telling me to go to the bathroom. All this woke his mom's boyfriend who understood and told me to throw up as much as I can.  I think I threw up 3 more times in the toilet while my friend and his mom's boyfriend 'E' cleaned up my mess. I went to lay down on the couch but when I closed my eyes I felt like I was on a rollercoaster and had to go to the bathroom again. 

Next thing I remember is waking up at 6 in the morning. I was terribly hungover and his mom had to get carpet cleaner. She found out later that morning. Once I woke up around 12 I called to apologize for the mess and she understood and thought it was mature of me to call her. She told me she wasn't going to tell my parents if I promised never to drink at her house again. 

I've kept this promise for almost a year and will never break it. I've also regained my trust with their family and me and my friend learned about tolerances that night. Some psychologial effects spawned from that night though, I can't even look at vodka now without becoming sick. That was my worst experience ever and hope nothing like it ever happens again.