In a failed attempt to stay awake for three days I spent the first 24 hours walking around the city. I don't have a job and am temporarily not in school so there were no worries.

In the 28th hour of sleep deprivation I smoked cannabis with a few friends. There was a body high and a marked feeling of confusion. Objects seemed to be made of plastic. Everything was extremely peaceful.

In the 32nd-36th hour of sleep deprivation I began to notice changes in my body. I was anxious and fidgety. Exercise was difficult. If I exerted the slightest amount of energy I was catching my breath for the next three minutes. My friend A and I decided at this point to smoke a joint, which is where this experience became interesting. 

Afterward, I stood up saying 'I have to go outside and smoke a cigarette.' I sparked my cigarette and walked quickly down the street and down around the block. Walking on a Boston city block brought forth an illusion of a time loop and it seemed as though I was walking, but that I was moving nowhere. It gave me a strange perspective on time. I began laughing, grabbed a fistful of hair and yelled an excited holy shit. There was some girl screaming from inside a building and it sounded to me like music, which I began conducting to. I saw life as a dramatized play and I saw everything as music, which began to scare me slightly. I could not walk right and was stumbling everywhere. My eyelids were heavy.

I do not believe my pupils to have been dilated much more than usual. I seemed to be hallucinating to a small extent. I thought a couple was having extremely visceral sex on the garden bench but on second glance the guy was just being weird and goofy and talking with his hands, and clearly aside the girl, she was not on his lap. Buildings looked especially strange, as though made of plastics. Buildings looked especially interesting in the reflecting pool of the Christian science center. I heard a voice and had some word jumbling, so I stood up and started pacing saying 'Alright, I'm alright.' 

I began to think that tripping by staying awake was a great idea for people, and began to wonder why I never read about it. I wondered if it made sense for these effects to be occuring at the 36 hour mark. I began to wonder, since there is no necessary termination for such a trip, when is the peak and when is the afterglow. Is there a peak?

Soon after all this questioning and walking around, everything became not so interesting again. It became hard to stay awake. I realized I had completely forgotten about food and that I still didn't care for the idea of food. I started trying to get things accomplished, thumbed through some A. Huxley essays, read articles, but I was too confused and couldnt learn anything. I couldn't remember things and really, I just didn't want to do anything at all. I sat listening to aphex twin and watching the visualizer. I remember the marked beauty in the act. The patterns were the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen. I fell asleep somewhere around the 40hr mark. I don't remember falling asleep but when I woke up I was very upset that I had not been able to continue the experiment. I think the 40 hr mark is a difficult hurdle.

I know for sure that I'm going to do some further experimentation with sleep deprivation and cannabis and probably fasting.