During the latter months of 1999 through the summer of 2000, I had a bit of an affair with DXM in its most unpopular form, as is my understanding from numerous websites, that being Coricidin Cough and Cold.  Now I understand the danger in old Triple-C but that was then, and I have since given it up.  My maximum dose was thirty one pills, or what I believe would be 930 mg (I seem to remember that each pill had 30 mg apiece).   

I began on a Thursday taking all 31 in about two hours or so. I was feeling the effects of the first dose by the fourth and final dose, and I settled back with the TeeVee on and Dark Side Of The Moon on my stereo.  Within 30 minutes the journey began...

I felt myself moving backwards, as if the bed had become a river and I was floating on it.  I closed my eyes and could see movements of unseeable scenery going in the same direction.  The movement became more and more intense until I broke through.  

I found myself unable to move in a huge white castle, and by this time the stereo had moved to the next disc, part one of the Wall, and I could hear it as if IT were the hallucination.  I do remember speaking to strange folk in the castle and doing a bit of exploration by means of my eyes, but I could not move.  I remember gazing at the white wall in front of my, above my stereo and seeing the figures from the animated trial sequence of the Wall movie dance about.  Also I both saw/did not see my wall fall down at the end of the trail. With 'Outside the Wall', I found my way back into a strange and alien reality.  

I then decided to put on a pair of shoes, and had a great deal of trouble as I could barely see this world.  I felt like an alien being, I had no concept of speech, no ability to walk, no concept of self.  The effects of the dose lasted for at least three days, and the shear magnitude of it still is with me.  

I would not recommend this, as I spent months and months working up to this point, dealing with many emotional problems along the way. On the day of the experiment, I was in a wonderful mood, having run into a former love and having a good conversation with her, and I am sure that is all that kept me from going insane.