The following is why I no longer do coke.  I used to be the hook-up for a friend who liked to shoot coke.  I'd get him and 8-ball twice a month, he'd give me 2 nice shots for my trouble.  I have lousy veins for iv-ing anything; nurses and phlebotomists have trouble hitting me, and I can't hit myself, although I can hit others.  But my friend usually did a good job with me, and I trusted his judgment.  

I tend to be conservative on the first shot, testing the potency, then go for broke on the 2nd.  The dude I got it from said that it was good shit, so when my friend put out a nice-sized dollop in the spoon and I added the water, I only sucked up about 3/4 of the fluid in the spoon.  I thought that I had mentioned this to my friend, but he later told me he had no idea.  He hit me, and I was rushing fine, the train was coming and I was enjoying the buzz.  My friend offered to prepare the 2nd shot for me so I could enjoy my buzz fully.  Also, my hands were shaking, making it hard to perform fine finger motions.  He added a generous portion to the spoon and drew it all up, including the 1/4 from shot number one that I'd left in the spoon.  After the intensity of the first rush passed (about 20 minutes or so), I was ready to go again and he hit me up.  Big mistake.

It was too much.  Way, way too much.  My legs crumpled beneath me and I fell out on his kitchen floor, my legs jerking convulsively against the linoleum.  My vision was just...gone.  Total blackness.  Heart rate through the roof.  I thought I was dying, and managed to stutter the breath-to-chest-compression rate for 1-man cpr to my friend, '15 to 2!  15 to 2!'  I was gagging, but having eaten nothing that day, didn't puke.  We were both terrified:  here in his kitchen was a junkie's worst nightmare unfolding.  He later told me he was worrying what he would do with my body!  As I lay, kicking spasmodically on the floor, my vision returned to some degree.  It was like the horizontal rolling of a tv set gone awry.  It was horrible.  I guess the worst of it lasted about 10 minutes.  During those 10 minutes, I was trying to prepare myself for my death.  I was praying and asking for forgiveness in my mind.  I want to stress that at no point was any of this pleasurable.  It was frightening and uncomfortable as hell.  After about 20 mins, I was able to sit up.  After 30 or so minutes, I could shakily stand, and I figured that if I was going to die, I'd have already done it.

That was it for me.  No more intravenous cocaine in my veins.  It's just too easy to miscalculate a dose, and to me no high is worth death.