vb.My experience with this combination was beyond me.  I had never had a trip like this, so I find it absolutely necessary to share this experience.  To begin, I never want to repeat what I had done again.  It was too much for me, and it might be too much for others as well.

Early in the day, around 10:00, I decided to take 30mg of 2C-T-4, a substance which I have a very high tolerance to.  Most people I know take 10-20 mg of this to get really high.  I took another 10mg an hour later, and felt really good by noon.  2C-T-4 has a comfort that is much like 2C-T-2.  My pupils were fairly dilated, and I know everything felt great.  My vision was so clear and colors were perfect to me.  2C-T-4 gave me this strong sense of pride, this inexplicable feeling I get with other psychedelics, such as LSD, the 'chill feeling'.  So, since I felt so proud to be a human under the influence of a psychedelic, I decided, well hell, why not make the trip more intense.

Immediately my morning glory seed collection came to mind.  I had thiry grams, and did actually consider eating all 30 grams of it at first (which would have been a BIG mistake).  I searched around online to try to find what a reasonable dose would be.  Finally, I decided to start off with 10 grams, and if that wasn't good enough for me, I'd simply take more.  I was too lazy to do a simple water extraction, and I didn't want to waste time grinding up morning glory seeds and waiting for them to soak in water, since my 2C-T-4 trip might have possibly terminated by the time the seeds were ready for consumption, and I wanted the two psychedelics to run strongly with one another.  So, I decided to chew them up well, gradually, until the entire ten grams was consumed.

Once I was done eating the seeds, I just waited for the inevitable stomach pains to kick in.  I had the weapon necessary to fight off the nausea: pepto bismol.  So, I took two or three shots of that as the nausea waves hit me.  They did a great job for some time.  I think what it mostly did was it held the seeds in my stomach until the alkaloids could get into my bloodstream.

I noticed a mild intoxication after thirty minutes.  LSA does something to the way my brain interprets balance.  When I stared at things, they would wobble slowly, almost as if I was slightly drunk.  I knew at this point that something was waiting for me around the corner.  So I thought that the best thing to do while I was waiting for that something was to go wait for my little brother at the bus stop.  As I left the house, I grabbed a bag of cheetos instead of the bottle of pepto bismol, mistake number two (first mistake: taking morning glory seeds).  I walked down to the bus stop, and sat down on a bench to enjoy the scenery.  It was beautiful.  The landscape was so colorful, it was almost like a painting.  The forest behind the lake had so many colors that gave me an ear to ear grin, which is a special benefit of taking 2C-X-X's.

My brother got off the bus with a couple of friends.  They invited me to smoke a bowl with them.  So we went to my house to proceed in doing so.  After the first hit of cannabis, I ralfed my entire stomach in 3 minute intervals, which was not a pretty sight.  The feeling as a whole that was over me was so nauseating.  It was not a pretty picture so I won't paint it for you.  They kept telling me that I was sweating profusely, and that I needed to go back inside.  I noticed that everything was becoming much clearer, all the colors were so crisp, it was like nothing I've seen before.  On my way back inside, I noticed my reflection in the glass doorway, it was picture perfect, I saw myself and nothing else that the window was reflecting.

I went down to my room in the basement.  I noted a feeling that had overcome me that a heavy duty trip was coming up.  Things started getting really trippy.  For example, I'd see odd pictures of green figures popping out of my surroundings.  I immediately called work and told them I was too sick to make it tonight.  Jesus, what was I thinking, that I could make it to work completely twisted on psychedelics?  Well things started getting harder for me.  Dimensions were shifting rapidly, I'd feel small then tall.  I decided to look at myself in the mirror.  I had never seen my eyes so dilated in my life, the were bigger than quarters and only the rim of blue was surrounding a big black dot.

I was seeing heavy patterns and trails.  The patterns consisted of random numbers and letters that had a funky psychedelic shape to them.  They were somewhat organized, in bending rows and columns, and had funny shapes and pictures inside them.

This was all horror for me.  I thought I had discovered some lethal combination, and I thought that the way I was tripping had something to do with the severe chemical imbalances.  So, I considered calling my parents or calling my friends to take me to the hospital.  I felt poisoned.  I even walked outside planning on dying, as I was staring at the sun, so I really did think I was going to die.  My head felt like a bloody sponge and was too psychedelicly twisted for me to bear.  So I went to the bathroom to take some zyprexa in an attempt to get rid of some of this horrible trip.  I decided to calm down and see if things would get less intense, and to wait and see if this trip would go to a more bearable level.  It was so hard to even imagine that this trip was ever gonna come down, this trip was almost as intense as a 5-MeO-DMT trip.  My heart rate was through the roof!  I felt like I was taking the pulse of my pet guinea pig.  My head was so cluttered it was hard to think as well.  All I could think was, boy what a stupid thing I did.

I went upstairs to my brother's room to wait for the trip to lessen.  I decided to watch Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, since I thought it would be better if I watched what people act like when they take more psychedelics than I do.  I got nauseated again, and threw up more, this time it was the crushed up seeds that I puked.  The green vertical stripes on my brother's bathroom walls were really tripping me out, they were bending and morphing and were definately turning pink.  

As it turns out, the trip did get better.  My brother and his friend came upstairs to his room, and the trip became more like MDA.  A really good feeling it was.  It was so good that I thought the whole trip was worth it (drugs have a funny way of making you change your mind, don't they).  I was tripping, but I felt good and the same time, my eye's were rolling left and right and I felt very euphoric.  This must be what mescalline feels like, as I hear it described.  The morphing was still there (things bending, sounds warping), but it didn't feel as sharp as it did before.  I recall sitting up in my brothers bed, looking into a mirror across the room, and seeing my head shrink and expand, this was how warped my vision was.  The patterns got better, they weren't as gray as they were earlier, and they were pink, white, and green.

I smoked pot off and on to bring the trip back over the rest of the night, since pot causes flashbacks for me.

This trip was too much for me to handle.  I think I'm going to stick to my favorite states of mind, the ones that I undergo while on phenethylamines, such as MDMA.  I'm getting too old for tripping, so this trip was a good bye for me to psychedelic mindstates.