The experience I am about to describe was my fifth time tripping.  I have fairly good experience with pot, and I've done e 8 or 9 times.  I've never done acid and I've tried Salvia a few times, though I don't think of Salvia in the same way as any other drug.  The first time I tripped, I ate 2 grams, I passed out, hit my head and awoke to all of my friends staring down at me on the floor of my bathroom screaming something about 911.  Great.  I calmed enough to say I didn't need an ambulance but I was understandibly shaken.  I had a bad trip.  I felt very cosmic and spiritual and lost in the trip.  I asked, 'what time is it,' about fifty times in the span of two minutes.

I wanted to do it again.  I was sure I could have a great time.

I ate 1.5 grams a few months later and had a fairly great time for a few hours and then just felt uncomfortable and wanted it to end.

A third time, I had done some reading and found that people tried to calm psychedelic crises with xanax or valium.  So I took .5 mg of xanax with 2.5 gms of mushrooms.  I later took an additional .25 mg of xanax when I felt a little tripped out.  I had a marvelous time, mystical, wonderful.

Number 4:
I again combined .5 mg of xanax but this time I ate a full 3.5 gms.  And I again felt a little bit nervous but I boosted with another .5 mg of xanax.  The best time ever.  I had wonderful visuals and felt part of nature.  I communed with my friends and felt happy to be alive.

At this point I decided I was ready to try it again without the xanax.  12:15 am: I ate exactly 2.5 gms and we were on our way.  We all felt pretty good.  1:15 am: I felt sick.  But I wasn't bad tripping, my stomach just hurt.  So we went to the supermarket to buy some fruit and tums.  When I was in the checkout counter, 9 or 10 boys walked into the store and two of which had video cameras.  I panicked of course because I thought they were a gang and they were going to rob us on camera for kicks.  Nothing happened of course and we went back home. 3:00 am: I have to shit.  3:10 am:  I wake up in the litter box on the floor of the bathroom with a bloody lip and my pants around my ankles.  As I was waking, I felt like I was dreaming and it was kind of frightening.  I couldn't calm down and I just hated it.

I don't know why I passed out or if other people have experienced this before.