[Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]

I had tried lsd once before with little effect other then intense laughter and apprehencation of music. I was pretty open to trying it once again with a higher dosage and my friend 'joe' felt the same way. So one day after waiting for a time to do it we decided to go camping at a beautiful lake. We had to do things like meet his gf and pick up the acid and by the time we were on our way it was 138 am. We wanted to go up to whistler first but when we got there the highway was closed so we sat on the side of the highway toking out of my bong when we decided to drop the acid.

We then drove down to the lake and got out for a look see. It was 4 am and light was just starting to appear over the mountain. Nothing much was happening we sat on a bench played frisbee and walked around. At about 5 the sun started to come over the mountain and that's when it started. I kept seeing these shapes of gods in the sky and the trees but not only where they moving but they were dancing as if there was some kind of music playin. This was just the start the dancing and movement of the gods intensified and there were more of them dancing and swaying to the music. Not one single god was the same, some were smaller some took up half the sky but they danced together constantly. Then in the trees I saw purple and yellow elephants shrinking and spliting into 2 and multiplying over and over again. All I could do was sit there and watch this happen. It seemed to calm down as the sun eluminated everythign.

We played a little more frisbee until we decided that we should go somewhere else. So we got in the car ( I do not recommend doin this even though we did) and we drove up to whistler to skate the park. We were so distracted by the ppl lookin at us the 2 weirdos that we left. We wanted to smoke some more pot so we found an old loggin road and we walked along it and we looked over and there was this massive rock face and we saw like carvings in the rocks that shaped ppl and we started to believe that world was made for humans and this is wat the carvings told us. We stared at these carvings as we packed a bowl in the bong. We decided we had enough of these crazy carvings by this time it was 9 am and we thought we should find some other symptom of entertainment.

So we drove yet again and while driving we see this beautiful river that was fed from a glacier and it was beautiful. We parked the car and climbed up the hill and all of the sudden we stopped and looked at the ground and there was a fast layout of vibrant colours these moss like plants grew all along this forested hill and they all had different colours from red to blue from green to orange and we were absolutely blown away after a huge colaberation of this we decided to move on
We found the river and we swam in it. Was amazing the cold water hit us like 1000 bricks in the chest. We hung out there for a while smoked another bowl and left. We drove home and crashed instantly I was so tired. Lsd was one of the most amazing moments in my life but not without its marks on my mentality.