I had been tinkering with the idea of taking acid for a while, months actually. I was no stranger to alcohol or pot, and have done percocet and adderal before. I tried shrooms once and loved it, so when my friend got some acid I eagerly bought some. He had taken some and said it was really good stuff compared to what he has had before. 

Some background info: I'm 21 and it was my senior year of college at a major university. I did plenty of research on it, and talked to some friends who have done it before, it was a long time in the making. The statement 'you don't find acid, acid finds you' is 100% truthful. My mindset at the time was very positive and free thinking. I had made Dean's List for Spring semester, had a decent GPA and resume, and was just chilling out for the summer in a college town I had grown to love. I knew I was heading into the real world of a job and bills, and that worried me a little, but I was ready to take a vacation from myself and enjoy the day. I had recently gotten bored of the constant drinking, and it had been about 4 months since I had last bought pot, which consumed a large part of my junior year.

It was a beautiful, sunny July Sunday. I was waiting for my friend Sophie to get home from work so we could drop it and go to a gigantic lawn on campus that overlooks downtown as well as campus. I had my first shrooming experience with Sophie, so I knew the trip would be a good time. I went to Sophies at around 3 p.m. and we each dropped a hit and started walking towards campus with a blanket. I had my MP3 player. We stopped at a convenience store, the world cup was on, and got two bottles of water. We made it to the lawn and had an incredible view. We were surrounded my trees, camouflaged almost, but could see the throngs of people walking downtown as well as campus. We could even see the outline of the mountains in the distance. 

Sophie had brought her bowl and some pot so we decided to smoke while waiting for the effects to kick in. It had been 20 minutes since we took the acid.  We talked for a little while about post college plans and such and I went off to find a bathroom. When I came back Sophie said she was starting to feel it and so was I. It took about 50 minutes to kick in and when it did, boy was it fun.

The first effects made me take notice of all the surroundings I usually took for granted. Nature was captivating. I said to Sophie, 'I feel like I should be doing something, like being productive.' She said, 'This is what you're supposed to be doing.' We just laid there. I was listening to my MP3 player and it was the most amazing experience I have had. It was like hearing every song for the first time again. Every string, clash, whisper, I could hear it all. I was fascinated.

After listening to music for an hour or so Sophie and I had a long, giggling conversation about nothing. I commented that it would be inconvenient for someone to mow the grass right now. Besides the auditory pleasures I found that I could transform objects into anything I wanted. I was staring at leaves and watching a battle, making a T-Rex climb a tree. At this point, because she drank heavily the night before, Sophie vomited. This was the low point of the trip. I realized that while on LSD, the slightest thing can alter your whole mindstate, you can fall from euphoria in an instant.

We moved about 2 feet from our original spot to get away from the vomit and it was as though we had moved 30,000 miles away. Everything looked completely different. It was beautiful. We chilled for another 2 hours or so, sharing a headphone apiece listening to music and talking. Sophie felt sick so I walked her back to her place and went back to mine. At this point I was coming down so I called my friend Dante to see what he was doing, sure enough he had dropped acid around the same time I had and was right near my house.

Dante came over and we decided to go to a bar and have a beer. It was an interesting experience, we both pretty much just observed human interaction, which can be very amusing. After our beers we parted ways and I went back to my place and took a much needed shower. LSD made me feel extremely dirty, it's as though I realized that I AM AN ANIMAL, that I am not that different from a tiger or a squirrel. I chilled out, watched the TV and tried to fall asleep which proved to be a tough battle.

Overall I was very pleased with the way things turned out. LSD made me appreciate the world a lot more and made me realize that you shouldn't worry about every little thing, that life runs on a path and you'll be OK. We were right there on that blanket for everyone to see, yet we were worlds away at the same time. A 'good' trip is what you make it.