I have frequently snorted doses of up to 30mg of 2CT7 - I build up 5mg at a time at about half hour intervals.  I've never felt out of control that way.

Friday night I made a really stupid mistake.  I mixed a 50mg packet in with the 5mg packets I carried with me to a club in Seattle.  After having already done 10mg I retreated to a dark spot, picked out a packet, and snorted it.  As soon as it hit the nasal packages I knew that I had just taken a large dose, I flipped the package over and saw the 50mg label.  Damn!

I went and sat down.  I figured that I'd just have a stronger version of previous trips, this was after all only double what I've taken before.  How wrong I was.

Within minutes I couldn't see anything, seriously, I was halucinating so badly that I couldn't see the real world.

I recall being outside of the club some time later.  I fell on the ground, hitting my head.  The guy at the door wouldn't let me back in the club.  I don't recall much of what really happened after that. Massive hallucinations.  I do recall someone getting right in my face one time asking if I needed some help.  I don't know what, if anything, I said in response.

The 50mg was taken at about 11pm.  At about 4am I came to my senses.  I was standing in front of some bank doorway, without my jacket and sweatshirt, wearing only a t-shirt in 30degree weather.  I made my way home.  Discovering on the way that I had a quarter-sized abrasion on my left eyebrow and blood down to my chin.  Right knee badly scraped and sore, bump on the back of my head with some scabbing, abrasion on left shoulder.  My wallet was gone.  I called the CC companies and a couple of my cards had been used for small purchases, about $150 total.

The lesson I take from this is to be very very carefull.  Do not take large doses.  And if you have a friend who has taken a large dose don't let that friend out of your sight for a moment even.

I was robbed of my wallet, don't even remember it happening, have multiple abrasions, and a number of sore muscles.  Could have been worse, in my condition I could easily have walked out in front of a car.