I admit that I have done some pretty stupid things when in my early teen years.  But nothing compared to the time I took 4 prozacs (80mg) and got high.

It all started when my my uncle came to Chicago to visit my grandma and me.  My uncle is big on sight-seeing everywhere he goes.  So, being the loving grandmother she is, she agreed to take him around town. I was sitting at home, alone and bored (dangerous for a curious teenager).  I was thinking about how bored I was and how cool it would be if I could get high.  But I was out of luck, and out of weed. So I thought, 'maybe I could 'robo'.  'Nah', I thought, 'been there, and done that.'  So I decided to search through my uncle's medication that he left in his luggage. Through my search I found his prozac (he's manic depressive) and thought 'What the hell, it would be pretty cool to be all 'shits and giggles.'  
Well I took 4 of his pills at one time (even though the bottle noted: Take 3 pills daily.  I thought by taking 4 at once would enhance my fun time. Was I wrong. I had to go to work that evening (used to work at a fast food restuarant), and it had already been about 3 hours since I had taken the pills, and still I had no feeling of the effect. I came to the conclusion that they didn't work so I just put the experience out of my mind.

That night me and a few co-workers went to smoke his Dub sack he bought earlier.  We went to his house and circled around his table and sparked the first joint. I had been feeling a little tired and light headed just after a hit or two, but I knew it wasn't the weed because it didn't work that fast for me.  So after a few more hits I was feeling really hot and anxious, but knew I was getting high at this point.

But this high was very different, I felt real uncomfortable and bothered. I decided it was time to take my friend home and I would retire myself. Not wanting to duck out on free bud, we smoked one more joint.  I looked at my watch and said, 'Josh.....its.. time ....to.....g.........  I passed out landing face first on the table.  

Everybody got a real laugh out of this, just thinking I was joking around (I was known for being pretty goofy when I was stoned).  It seemed like enternity had passed when I woke up.  I was scared shitless, I didn't know where I was, or who was with me. Josh was talking to me and all I could hear was mumbles and everything sounded like it was underwater. The only thing that kept running through my head was 'what the fuck just happened, and where am I.

Finally I mustard up enough movement from my paralized legs to make it outside for some fresh air.  I started slowly regaining remembrance of where I was and what just happened. Anyway to make a long story short.
Kids don't do prozac and smoke at the same time.