Worst Experience of My Life

I had never taken any drugs before I went to college--I was just a nerdy little girl. All that changed when I started dating Mike about a month into our first semester. I tried weed, and then decided to try E. 

My boyfriend, myself and about five others all took it together and waited for it to take effect. While we were waiting, my boyfriend went outside to smoke, but I stayed inside. I started to feel the effects after about 20-30min, and I loved it. All I wanted to do was be touched! So someone gave me a backrub. To make a long story short, my boyfriend got upset. I went down to our room and layed next to him on the bed, but he wouldn't talk to me. 

That's when I started to freak out. At first, I just felt really hot and like something was crawling on my skin, so I rubbed my legs against the blanket. But then I started to really freak out. I could see-but I didn't know what I was seeing. My boyfriend realized that something was wrong, and got scared. I started to claw at my skin and my hair and I could feel things crawling over my body, and all I wanted was to rip my skin off so that they would go away. My boyfriend had to hold my arms back, and everyone came in the room to see what was wrong with me. I freaked out, I was so scared because I didn't know who anyone was. I started to cry and grind my teeth. 

When everyone left and it was my boyfriend and I, I couldn't stop arching my spine and had to have every muscle in my body flex---my hands, back, feet, neck, spine, anything. I was so scared in my head, but I could not control anything that was happening to my body. I couldn't do anything, and it terrified me. My boyfriend had me drink water but I couldn't swallow that well, and I was scared of getting wet. 

This all lasted about six hours. I finally went to sleep and the next morning I woke up with bruises all over my body, a horrible headache and my jaw ached. I suspect that a fight with my boyfriend was the cause, but it was the most terrifying thing of my life, and looking back on it gives me chills. I never tried another drug after that, and I never wanted to, either.