[Erowid Note: Some authors report suspicions that their cannabis has been 'laced' (adulterated), in some cases presumably with PCP. While this is possible, readers should be aware that idiosyncratic response to the effects of cannabis (usually higher doses) can lead some users to presume their cannabis has been 'laced'. There is no way to know if the cannabis in the report below was adulterated or not.]



Awww man. I think I smoked some laced weed. Here's what happened....It was Sunday evening, and I met this kid that smokes bud and offered to smoke with me. So we smoked 2 bowls, I took about 10 hits I'm guessing. I've smoked a lot more than this before, which is why I don't think it was the weed that did what it did, but anyway. I started walking back to my house and I was freestyle rapping to this kid, which I normally can't really do, but I was tearing it up. Then I started to act like I was in the ghetto and I thought he had a gun or something and I was like 'what bitch, you gonna shoot me, go ahead and try that.' He was like damn man you're tripping. 



It got a lot worse as we walked up the big hill leading to my house. I started to hallucinate. I thought I saw him whip out a gun and start shooting and I started to do that thing they do on Matrix where they dodge bullets. I felt like I was moving really slow dodging them. Eventually somehow I was running up the hill all weird. I got home somehow and my dad was just coming out the door with the dogs. They were freaked out cuz I think they knew I was tripping. They were barking at me and I grabbed my 1 year old dog really hard and started shaking her. I let her go, but my parents said later that she was freaked out and wouldn't come back in the house for a while. I would never do something like that though I love my dog. 



My parents eventually got me in the house and layed me down on the couch. It was weird I was hallucinating stuff. I saw people banging on the walls outside and I saw my grandma, who lives across the country. I couldn't recognize any normal things like my hat, or the TV or the clock. I felt like I was relating to everything with emotions. My parents taped me. I was delirious and mumbling weird stuff for about an hour. I watched the tape when I came out of it and it was some weird shit. I also felt like I died a couple of times during the episode. I felt like I came out of my body and I was looking at my parents and they were like 'oh no.' But after watching the tape I saw that I didn't die. My mom took my blood pressure while I was delirious and that was high. My pulse was 140 and I was sweating and hot, my ears and face and neck and arms were all red. I came down from that, but I was still high a little bit from the weed when I woke up this morning. I fell like I went through a lot of subconscious problems I had when I was delirious, which feels good. I feel great today. But while it was happening it felt like I was in hell. I couldn't make it stop. All these thoughts were racing through my head and there was all this information overloading my senses. I was seeing colors and stuff all around too, and everything was wavy. 



Nothing like this has ever happened to me with weed, or anybody I know. Nothing even close. I just wanted to share the story, and I was wondering if anybody had any theories on what kind of drug might have been laced in there. My dad thinks it might have been Datura.