This experiment was to check the hallunogenic properties of Diphenhydramine.  Since it is sleep/drowsiness inducing, I added the Pseudoephedrine to stay awake to enjoy the trip.  Both of these are from commonly available over the counter drugs.  Pseudoephedrine used to be found in Sudafed, which I used, but they have changed their formulation recently to use Phenylephrine instead, as many products with pseudoephedrine have been taken off of the shelves here in GA.  DayQuil and it's generic alternatives still contain it, so there is a source there for anyone trying to re-create these effects.  Diphenhydramine is the active ingredient in Benadryl, so in addition to the trip I hope to experience my allergies should be nice and happy for a day or two.

I took 5 pseudoephedrine pills totaling 150 mg, and 15 diphenhydramine pills totaling 375 mg.  I hope that this is enough upper to cancel out the sleepiness, but if not, I can add more.  I took the doses I did due to my body weight and my desire to experience some serious hallucinations.  I am also drinking Mountain Dew Code Red, so there is caffeine from those to keep me awake.  Finally, I plan to smoke a bowl when it all kicks in hard to extend and enhance the trip.

15 minutes after taking the 20 pills, I can already feel the pseudoephedrine taking effect.  My heart rate is increased, and I feel like I have tons of usable energy.  I also have trouble concentrating on one thought for too long.  All of the general effects of an upper.  I should also mention that I took the pills on an empty stomach.

1 hour in I have a decent body buzz, very similar to me having several drinks.  There is a mellow head buzz too.  I know that if I didn't have the pseudoephedrine, I would have already passed out.  I can no longer feel it, but it is there, keeping me up.  I also have slurred speech and a very dizzy feeling in my head.

1 hour in I smoked 1 bowl of bud that was a week old by still very potent.  The theory is that the cannabis will help me to meld into the trip, when/if it happens.

1 hour 30 minutes, and I feel like I have taken Ecstasy.  Body buzz is incredible.  Mentally, I have trouble reading several pages online without either being completely distracted by nothingness or being in a daze.  

1 hour 40 minutes, there is a taste of bile in my mouth/throat.  It's good that I didn't each anything.

2 hours, I stand up, and it feels like gravity has quadrupled.  I feel very heavy, like opium.

3 hours, seeing very light visuals that could be tricks of the light.  Sense of smell is greatly enhanced.  Still unable to concentrate on anything for long periods of time.  Sense of time is slowed and/or distorted. Also at three hours, attempting to read anything results in me somehow reading about something that is made up and imaginary from inside my head.

3 hours 30 minutes, I have drifted in and out of sleep.

At 4:20, I was hardly feeling either substance, so I smoked another bowl.  After smoking I felt only high, maybe a little bit of the pseudoephedrine.

The plateau lasted approximately 2 hours, and started 1 hour after ingesting the pills.  There was a very good body buzz, as well as slight hallucinations.  There was also a drunken/dizzy feeling, as well as a heaviness feeling that I usually associate with opium.  I was hoping for more vivid hallucinations, but overall is was a good experience.