*Ive done K before but only at lower doses, no psychedelic episodes. im experienced with mushrooms.* 

I bought 200mgs of K and 12 grams of mushrooms. I get back to my house, call Brad and Ashley over and we eat our mushrooms (4 grams each.) i had pizza with mine. :) Mushrooms kick in and we have a fun trip. nothing too different... lots of laughs, some cool tracers... 4-5 hours go by and its about 2 in the morning, the mushrooms arnt too intense anymore so i decided to go get the K.

I go up to my room and take about 125mg nasally.

I have a small room and was unprepared for my trip but it did turn out nicely. I had a death metal tape going (not the best choice for music). I sat there about 5 minutes really stoned but not hallucinating yet. my eyes drooped a bit and one of my posters starting slipping into my tv, from that point the whole room spun into the tv then in slow motion exploded this tapestry of color. I realize i just entered the so called 'K-Hole'. The next thing i know im soaring down this giagantic archway. The walls of it are constantly changing in dimensions, color and..... SOUND! I CAN SEE SOUND! I flew through these constantly changing tunnels for what i figured out to be about 20 minutes but while i was on it my perception of time was totally gone. i felt no care for worldly causes and it seemed like i was dead and on to another plane of existance, i dwelled on that for a minute or two and started to get kinda scared. Thats when i could hear my stereo again, then i realized i was hearing it the whole time and it was shaping trip. 

So thats where the death thing came from. The music became very shaping, i would recommend listening to softer, more psychedelic music. My eyes flash open and reality's back but very strange, they droop again and im gone! I can feel myself laying on my bed totally still, appreciating every thing in my body, i can feel my cells and organs... i feel total control over my brain meanwhile, im laying in another dimension looking at myself thinking about every aspect of my life, i have complete control over everything, i am god.

My eyes flash open and im back in a severly distorted reality. i have to lay down and breath, my mind couldnt handle all that just happened. i felt exausted but very relieved and content. I lay in my bed keeping a decent grip on reality for about a half hour and fall asleep. I sleep long and well. i wake up the next morning almost in denial of what had happened last night. i spent the next 2-3 days in complete shock of what happened. All in all the trip peaked for about 45 minutes in actually time, but months go by in the K-hole.