Having been exposed a few times to the joys of herb and the antiquated thrills of nasal snuff, cigars and pipe smoking I am semi-knowledgeable with both herb-ingesting implements and nicotine's savage chemical joyride without inhaling so much as a single Marlboro.

Recently, I've been thinking about purchasing a waterpipe from a reputable online dealer and so I have been thinking of an excuse to use when the storm troops bust down my door and point guns at me.

But then it occurred to me: the stores all CLAIM that these 'tobacco waterpipes' are for tobacco smoking only...but curiously, the consensus not only on the internet but in real life seems to be that this is a (pardon the pun) smokescreen to sell bongs in stores.

Hookas are different, because they have the same mouthpiece as a regular tobacco pipe, so they are smoked ala regular pipes and cigars, i.e. drawn into the mouth, tasted, and then exhaled while making witty social commentary. This I have enjoyed often.

But inhaling tobacco from a bong? Does the water change anything? Nervously, I placed a tiny pinch of Captain Black Gold (which I smoke semi-religiously from a corncob) inside Chazz, my hilariously homemade 12-oz soda-bottle bong. After taking a textbook bonghit, the nicotine or whatever seemed to blast directly into my brain. I was giddily disoriented, and everything seemed to be moving in slow motion and fast motion at the same time. I _had_ to sit down.

I slumped to the floor, dazed, and laid there, breathing and staring around in awe as the supersonic sky-high rush slowly eased itself out of my system.

Imagine a reasonable herb high. Now compact the entire experience into 5 minutes. This is just about how it felt. You go 'up' very very fast, almost instantly after exhalation, and then your are disoriented and giddy, and then a slow 'stoned' part where you just want to relax. Curiously, the only missing elements seem to be changes in sensations, which are still there, but nothing like herb, and the changes in thinking patterns, but it seems more like your brain just doesn't have time to start wandering before the parachute opens and you're drifting back to earth.

So about an hour ago a friend and I loaded my two-litre soda bottle bong 'The Sledgehammer' with another TINY PINCH of CBG, and each took about a half a bowl at a time, with similar effects, although the increased size of the sledge maked the 'high' noticeably more powerful.

So, if you're looking for what we're calling 'instant trips,' a sort of business-lunch type of quickie chemical funhouse, I would suggest using a 'tobacco accessory' for it's advertised purpose.

Note that we are using pipe tobacco, which is cut into 'flakes' instead of cigarette tobacco, which is cut into tiny shreds and so has more surface area. It would be interesting to find out what a bowlful of Drum or Top will do.

I'm posting this because I cannot find anyone *ANYWHERE* that has written anything about trying this. I thought our zany subculture was about _experimentation_. Has anyone else tried this?