First time hydrocodone

I was given 10 Norco's (10mg hydrocodone/ 325mg paracetamol) by a friend from America. Hydrocodone isn't prescribed where I live, in the Netherlands, so it is something unique to get and try. It's sunday and I wanted to try the hydrocodone which I had laying around for a while, so I took 2 tablets at 20mg hydrocodon to give it a try, and took another 10mg one hour later. Here is my experience.

T 13:00 I took 2 Norco's at 20mg hydrocodone with a gulp of water, and I'm now patiently waiting untill the effects become noticeable, which apparently will be pretty quickly with hydrocodone.

T 13:15 I have just had breakfast half an hour ago, so it may take a little longer to be absorbed, but I feel the first hint of the effects, maybe placebo though, I don't know.

T 13:20 I am clearly starting to feel the first effects. A feeling of contentment, everything is good, everything is relaxed. I see well where the addictiveness of strong opiates like hydrocodone lies. Just forgetting your worries for a few hours. At the moment I feel the effects increase in little waves, which will become bigger waves in the oncoming hour. Waves of relaxation which I am already starting to feel.

T 13:30 I am starting to feel hydrocodone's stoning effects. A nice feeling of contentment and relaxation, just wanting to listen to some mellow music and just do nothing. Opioids always make me feel cozy, just wanting to relax under a blanket while listening to some Coldplay. Hydrocodone has the strongest feeling of cozyness yet in my opinion.

T 13:45 I am starting to feel even more stoned, but I am not feeling any euphoria yet. Hope it will still come, it probaply will. I am also starting to feel a slight stomach discomfort, but fortunenately it's not too bad. I habe read plenty of experience reports online about hydrocodone, and after what I have read I concluded that I should be on my peak by now, or getting close, but this isn't as strong as what I hoped for, so hopefully it's just my breakfast that has delayed absorbtion a bit. Otherwise I will take another 10mg at T 14:00.

T 14:00 I took another Norco at 10mg hydrocodone. Total amount taken is now 30mg of hydrocodone. I am very light, 130 pounds, and the only opiods I took in the last month was 250mg tramadol a week ago, so I am wondering if I have kept some tolerance, or if I just have a high natural tolerance.

T 14:15 Either my first dose is still rising in effects, or the Norco I took 10 minutes ago is starting to take effects. Anyway my face is starting to feel warm, and I am starting to feel even more stoned, but also pretty numb. This is really a drug for a lazy sunday.

T 14:30 I am really starting to feel stoned and numb by now, my vision is starting to get blurry which is certainly a good sign. My face is also starting to feel warmer and I feel my whole body is starting to glow. This is getting really nice. I am very relaxed and feeling content.

T 14:45 The effects appeared to have decreased. I am still not feeling like I hoped for. I was thinking about taking some more, but after having read some more info about potentiating I tought about taking promethazine, so now I take 25mg promethazine. Next time I am going to drink a lot of grapejuice before taking the hydrocodone because that also seems to potentiate the effects enormously.

T 15:00 I am still feeling the same as 15 minutes ago. I am starting to feel a bit pissed that it didn't turn out like I wanted it to, and that I didn't drink a lot of grapefruit juice beforehand, otherwise I would have felt more as well. A wise lesson, because I can't get my hands on hydrocodone soon. I am still feeling stoned, but already less numb, and my body isn't glowing as much anymore either.
a
T 15:15 I am starting to feel the nausea a bit more. It doesn't look like I am going to be able to eat a hot meal for my evening dinner. I feel almost nothing of the hydrocodone anymore, only a bit of a relaxed feeling, but the promethazine didn't have any use anymore, except for suppresing the nausea.

T 15:30 I am still feeling a bit relaxed, but for the rest nothing else except for a slight nausea This is the end of my first experience with hydrocodone. Really weird it was over so quick, and that I felt so little. Next time better, I will drink a lot of grapefruit juice before and take the same dose than, hoping for a more intense experience. I will write a experience report of it and post it as well when I try it.