It was my first time at a rave with my boyfriend and I had just turned 15. My boyfriend had gone to raves all the time and nothing bad had ever happened to him so I figured I would be fine. My boyfriend had got the capsules from the same supplier he always gets them from so I figured they were safe. At about 9:00p.m. we took the first capsule and I started having the best time of my life, I was dancing on tables with my shirt off in this sparkley bra while my boyfriend and I were freaking each other. It was the most indescribable experience. We made sure we always had water and I never got dehydrated. Then at 1:30a.m. I was off my high and I wanted to last the rest of the night so I thought I'd take my second pill. Then a couple minutes later we decided to go back and dance. about 5 minutes later the room started closeing in on me and I grabbed my boyfriend and we walked outside. Then I started drinking some water and from then on I don't remember anything. My boyfriend said we walked around forever and I was puking and puking all over the place. Then he said my whole body turned blue and all finds of ravers tried to help me throwing blankets and sweaters on me trying to keep me warm. Then he decided to take me back home and he said when we were in the parking lot I collaped and he started screaming for help. I went into seizures and I was foaming at the mouth and my eyes were rolled into the back of my head. Other people came to aid my boyfriend a girl put her finger in my mouth to keep me from choking on my tongue and the said I was just sleeping and that I'd wake up. Well I laid on my boyfriends bed from about 2:00 a.m. to 11:00a.m. and then at 11 he called my parents and told then that I wouldn't wake up. My parents thought I was drunk so they didn't come and get my till 9:00p.m. When my parents finally came and got me I was pretty much dead I wasn't breathing well on my own. I got to the hospitible and there I was in a coma for 3 days the doctors said if I did live I would be retarded. 
     
But anyway I learned my lesson and it's a miracle that I'm even alive.