[Erowid Note: 
Some authors report suspicions that their cannabis has been 'laced' (adulterated), in some cases, presumably with PCP. While this is possible, readers should be aware that idiosyncratic response to the effects of cannabis (usually higher doses) can lead some users to presume their cannabis has been 'laced'. There is no way to know if the cannabis in the report below was adulterated or not. Reports of plant material and cannabis laced with powerful synthetic cannabinoids and other psychoactive substances became more common starting in 2007.]  

The first semester I spent at my current college, I would party a lot at a house where eight classmates lived. It was a wild spot on the weekends where 30 or more people could often be found getting drunk and high, and occasionally experimenting with harder drugs as well.

At this point in my life, I was a habitual pot smoker. I would often go to class high, and smoked at least a joint's worth a day. I didn't often drink but could hold my ground with alcohol. It would typically take at least 6 beers or a large wine bottle to get me tipsy.

One weekend at the 'Kemper House' as the hangout was called, the party was particularly wild. About five of us retired to my friend Zach's bedroom to get some peace & quiet. We chilled out listening to Bjork and passed around a joint. I cradled a beer that I had been sipping on all night.

I only hit the joint 2-3 times, but something seemed off. Within five minutes I started feeling very strange, unlike how I had ever felt before. It started to feel as if my head, or my consciousness, was entirely separated from the rest of my body. I fazed out of the conversation, but I could still make out Zach commenting on how amazing Bjork's new album was. I decided I really didn't like what was happening to my head and my friend Mark could tell something was wrong.

I brushed off his questions and said I had to piss, as an excuse to be alone and hopefully wait out whatever the hell was going through my system. I casually sat my beer down and stood up. It felt like my body was a machine that I was feebly trying to maneuver with broken controls. I had no sense of balance whatsoever. I picked up on this immediately, and not to attract attention or concern I put my hand on the wall and guided myself out the door and down the hall.

The living room was vacant. The party had moved upstairs. I stood there, leaning against the wall of the room, wondering where in the hell the bathroom was. At this point, a friend walked by and I managed to ask him. It was in another hallway at the end of the living room. My heart sank when I realized that I would have to walk without the aid of a wall.

My friend walked out of the room and I took a couple of dizzy steps toward the bathroom. About three steps into the walk I could feel my body stop responding. It was so bizarre, I'd never completely lost control like this. I collapsed onto the floor without even attempting to brace my fall. My friend popped back into the room and asked if I was okay. I mumbled that I wanted to sit down, that I did it on purpose, and he seemed to buy this explanation.

I sat there motionless for about ten minutes and then carefully picked myself up and began to walk again. I quickly lost my balance, but by then I was able to catch myself on the far wall of the living room. I guided myself along the wall again into the bathroom and fell onto the toilet, where I sat for at least thirty minutes.

About an hour after leaving my friend's bedroom I could start to sense my coordination slowly returning. I decided to return to my friend's bedroom. Mark looked concerned, but I brushed off his concerns, saying that I just had drank too much and had been sick. This wasn't true, but seemed like a normal enough excuse.

A couple hours later I felt safe enough to drive (although I still had some minor effect). On the ride home I told him what had happened and he thought that I had gotten some third drug into my body. After researching the various substances that are sometimes laced with pot, the only explanation I could come up with was a very small dosage of PCP. Mark of course mentioned that he agreed wholeheartedly with Zach's opinion that Bjork's 'Vespertine' would live on to be one of the greatest albums of the 21st century.