I'm relatively experienced with drugs, I've taken weed, MDMA, Ketamine, Coke and Shrooms. I decided I needed to try something new out. I found yopo.

They arrived in the post (44 in all) and I instantly put 10 in the microwave, ground them up and stored them for after university (where I bought some baking soda). 

I set out my room in my usual trip arrangement (bed ready to get in, bin empty and close to chair just in case I wanted to vomit (never used), some nice chilled out music and dim lights.

So I took my powder, put it onto the CD case and pre-cut it into 10 roughly equal lines (not all for today, but for future use). I did 2 lines and decided to wait for 10 minutes then decide what to do. I felt the intense burning but it wasn't too bad as I was a) prepared for it and b) used to putting foreign pain inducing chemicals up my nose. I did get the headache which I've read about but it subsided after a while. I was quite disappointed that it wasn't accompanied by any effects, hallucinogenic or otherwise.

So after 10 minutes I took some more again I got the burning nose and headache. And after 5 minutes (T +15 of original seeds) I felt extremely sick. I've NEVER felt the slightest bit ill with any other drug but I was feeling pretty damn nauseous. I felt like I could chuck for England. It was so bad that I had to open msn and speak to one of my mates so that he could re-assure me. After maybe 10 minutes (an hour in my head), this subsided and I forced myself to concentrate on the minor hallucinations that I was getting, although I was still feeling very rough. My bones were aching, I had a headache and I had a major case of the hick-ups. The hallucinations weren't all that amazing really, minor fractals if I closed my eyes and colours were mildly intensified if I looked at things with open eyes. I felt so ill however that I wasn't able to go to sleep and I just laid there for an eternity. I did get that 'afterglow' the next morning that was good.

Summary: This is the only drug to make me feel ill at-all. I think that if the high came without that, I would be a lot happier. I said I wasn't really too impressed with the visuals. Maybe I just had a bad batch, who knows. I certainly won't as I'm not buying anymore! But as it was only £10, I'm also certainly not going to complain.