About a week ago I decided to try out some DXM powder I had prepared. I'll explain how i did the preperation, so if you don't care, just skip the parapgraph:

I basically followed the instructions from the DXM faq. I took about 4 bottles of cough med, emptied them into a 2L pop bottle. I then added an equivilant amount of Ammonia, and about an inch of Naptha. I shook the hell out of it for a long while... maybe 10 minutes straight. Then i let it sit, there were bubbles which took about an hour to go away. Then I poured out the bottom layer. I put the naptha layer into a tin foil plated pan. I let it sit over night with a fan on it, in my garage with the garage door open. When I went to scrape up the powder, i found out it was a bad idea to have used tin foil. Upon scraping with a credit card, it would rip. I got as much as i could out of it. I'd say the powder was about 60% of the DXM i had started with.

So after about a month of this stuff just sitting in my drug case, i finally decided to try it. I had done some rough measuring, and it wasn't exact at all... I'd say my dose was about equivilant to 200mg syrup. 

After about an hour the effects really kicked in. It was alot different than drinking the syrup, because it's so much less of an 'event'. Where with cough syrup, there's the whole thing surrounding getting the nerve to drink it, then actually drinking it, and finally dealing with what I've just drunk tasting like shit, and making me sick. With powder, I take it, and go back to whatever I was doing until it kicks in.

I wont get into too much how it felt, cause there's plenty of those reports... So after an hour or so, I decided I should smoke some weed. Basically I was gonna do this cause I had school the next day, and i wanted to get to sleep (dxm usually keeps me up). So I smoked a bowl, and the effects were amayzing! I swear, I'll never use DXM without weed again. From all the reports I've read, it didn't seem like the best idea, but for me, it's the only way to go. After about 35 minutes or so of being in bliss, and complete... gone...ness.... i decided to see if there any synergistic effects with Damiana. I smoked a bowl of 5x extract. At first it was even more amayzing then the weed! Here's a little blurb from what I wrote while on it:

'Some more synergistics: Damiana makes me float away i think... almost salvia space, i need lose self... completely lose self. collective: one. dribble... listen... th... dur..' and it deteriorates from there. It was like salvia space with alot more happy to it. Alot more floaty. alot less edgey.

That's when I started realizing my heart was racing; very badly too. I lay there for a time trying to calm. Then eventually (and reluctantly) I decided for my own safety I should tell someone: my parents seemed like a good choice. I told them i had some cough medicine and then some herb tea(not far from the truth) they told me to tell them if it went any higher. It didn't. It stayed at 210b/min for about 20 minutes, then it started to drop, and i went to sleep.

Since then i've used weed with dxm again, and it was just as great without the heart racing. So i'm sure it was damiana that made me have that effect.