There is a lot of interesting history behind belladonna. When my friend offered me a few leaves he had found while wandering around a neighborhood, I was very interested in trying it. 

Four of us decided to do it together in an abandoned coca cola bottling factory we were squatting. We set up two mattresses on the ground, some rugs, and rolled a ton of cigarettes because we figured we would be too messed up to want to roll cigarettes.

We each ate a leaf or two of medium size in the early evening. I'm not sure how long it took to take effect because we kind of fell in and out of sleep, napping, and we continued that pattern all throughout the night. The squat is completely dark all the way in the back so we couldn't tell whether it was night or day for the entire trip.

At some points we are all awake, talking, smoking cigarettes, and drinking beer together, passing them around to each other. Sometimes other people show up and bring more to drink. Sometimes someone drops a cigarette or drink and it's gone as soon as it hits the ground. We look around for it but it can't be found. Sometimes someone falls asleep for a little while and they look so peaceful they could be dead. Sometimes I fall asleep and I wake up, then five minutes later I wake up again, then five minutes later I wake up again. I lose track of whether I am sleeping or awake and it doesn't seem to matter. I lose track of whether I am alive or dead, but I feel good, not freaked out. I forget that I am even tripping and just feel relaxed.

At one point I get up to go out and go to the bathroom. I see people in the hallways, and then when I try to figure out what they are doing, they turn into graffitti on the walls. When I come back there are twice as many mattresses on the floor and they are full of sleeping people. I'm very frustrated because I want to lay down, so I lay down on the ground and sleep for a little while. When I wake up, there are only two mattresses again and only my three friends. I climb up on the mattress and find a guy lying on the ground next to the mattress. He kind of startles me and then I start to talk to him. We talk for hours. I start to fall in love with him. He seems to understand me more than anyone else I've ever met in my entire life. I feel like I'm going to explode I'm so happy that I found this person. Then one of my friends asks me who I'm talking to, and when I slowly look back on the ground, he is gone.

The next day when we get up around 2 pm we all feel pretty sober. We realized that no one had come over, we hadn't drank anything, and that all the cigarettes we had rolled were still sitting there waiting. We had imagined things ourselves and then by acting them out, made it possible for the others to experience it too. If I turned away for a second or stopped focusing on something, it disappeared.  Anything I wanted to exist would, and anything that bored me would disappear. 

We went and got coffee when we woke up and felt completely normal all that day except that it was hard to read small print that day, it would get blurry like we were squinting. but the second day our eyesight was back to normal.

I really enjoyed the trip. Everything seemed very realistic. As real as my dreams do while I am dreaming them. Any other drug I have done, no matter how fucked up I get, I realize that I'm feeling that way BECAUSE I'm fucked up. With belladonna I forgot that I was on drugs. I didn't feel panicked at any point. I was able to sleep fine. The next day I was completely functional. 

My boyfriend tells me that belladonna in small doses makes sex really feel good.