I had tried to take LSD many times but none had worked and I was beginning to get very frustrated.  Most were fake blotter tabs and one was a dilute vile which messed me up but still nothing that would constitute an LSD trip (from what I have heard and read).  I finally got a hold of what I think was the real thing at a Rusted Root concert in Albany.  I had decided on the way up to the show that I was going to try and find it there and began getting very excited for the night.  I was with 3 other friends W, T, and B.  W was our driver and decided to go sober for the night.

As soon as I walked through the door I was approached by a rather shadey looking character.  He asked if I was interested in some doses and told me to follow him in the bathroom.  I was a little skeptical but proceeded anyway.  He said it was $10 a hit but told me he could give me 2 for $15.  I was planning on just one but felt obliged to buy both because of the offer.  I took the first hit and went out to the floor to meet up with my friends.  The show began about a half hour later and I decided to take the second hit because nothing was coming on.  Another half hour went by and it seemed that I felt something but I wasn't sure if it was the beginning or just anxiety.

I suggested smoking the joint we brought and all agreed.  It was a rather large joint and I figured if nothing else I was going to get really stoned.  After the first couple rips I could really feel the effects of the LSD.  The lights started to swirl and grow very defined rays off of them.  The music kept me swaying just as everyone seemed to be.  The crowd seemed to be moving together.  I began having closed eye visuals that seemed to portray what I thought the music was trying to convey.  During what seemed to be the peak of my experience they were starting a song that I was unfamiliar with.  They got a little ways into it and a loud boom shook me.  I was very startled and the mood of the crowd seemed to go sour.  The music was off and the band didn't look very happy.  After a lot racket the band started up the same song from the beginning.  This settled me down along with the rest of the crowd.  They were getting to about the point where the catastrophie had happened before and another very similar noise shook my body once again.  I was now very confused and was wondering if I was reliving past experiences, visualizing things that had already happened.  The silence of the music lasted a lot longer this time but the crowd made up for the loss of noise.  The music finally started back up again and all was well.  They played for a really long time, I think to make up for the disturbance.

We went back to W's appartment where we laughed and talked for a long time, all the while I was still getting a lot of visuals.  By the end of the night my body was exhausted but my mind was wide awake going through all that had happened.