Well my friend B had gotten hold off some 1-4 B. And had said have you ever heard of this stuff and of course I hadn't. B didnt want to do it on there own so B asked me if I would do it with her.  I thought why not of course being very secptical about the whole thing I said so you know the dose and what it does. And B is like yeah of course I do. So we sat down at B house mind you everyone was out so we had a few hrs to ourselves So we took it and we are both sitting there and I say look how long does it take to work. B said it works I think in about 20 mins so I thought why not go to the super market and get something to eat before it kicks in.

So I drove off and B is sitting and watching tv and I'm in my car I get to the super market and I start feeling very dizzy and I thinking what am I doing here bought some things and was on my way to try and drive back to B's house I was like I was in a game I had to like look threw a screen my eyes couldnt focus on anything at all I just wanted to look everywhere.

Finally parked my car and I started walking to B's house and my legs were like jelly I felt like I had way to much to drink zig zagging the whole walk home. The walk felt like and hr or so and B's at home on the couch tripping right out thinking whats happened and whats taking so long I get in threw the front door and B's like are you okay she said it kicked as you had just left and I thinking that you might have had an accident and shit.

But I like no I fine so we sat for a while just chilling and then the whole room was spinning almost like having way to much to drink but the spinning feeling was 10 time worse. I was thinking yeah food sounds good I went to get up but the room was spinning I felt really sick like I wanted to puke everywhere so I thought I go have a lay down. So I did I passed out and when I woke up I felt really refreshed I had slept for about 3 hrs. But when I woke up it was like I wasnt in my own body the feeling was like I was me but in someone else body and I still felt a little dizzy I went to where B was and B had tripped out big time B was telling me about this weired dream and how it felt so real.

Mind you it was B wasnt dreaming it was all real she had a dream that she puked and that it was so weired mind you she didnt realise that there was spew right next to her and when she saw it she freaked right out saying man I thought that it was just a dream.

So B and I had to try and clean this shit before the family came home and we still didnt feel like we were in our own bodies everything was still very spaced out the effects lasted for a couple more hrs.

But after that we were just really out of it.  That is the first and the last time that B and I ever are touching that stuff again.  (Be warned if you take this 1-4 B make sure you know what you are doing cause we certainly didnt)