Ok this was the first time I had ever done a hard drug in my life. I have always done mushrooms, so I figured that acid would be somewhat similar, just stronger. My parents were gone for a week, so it was perfect, if anything went wrong, we would have plenty of time to recover. So once we had the acid, we were pumped. We each took 4 gel tabs, and we had alot of weed ready to smoke.

After about 25 minutes, we noticed that nothing was happening, so we decided to break out the weed. 5 minutes and about 6 joints later, I started to say 'I wasted my fucking money', but what came out was 'I'm wasted like a fucking mummy.' After about 10 minutes of non stop laughing, I noticed that the wind was blowing, and I became very indulged in nature. It was like I was a part of it, I could feel and sense everything about the tree's and the ground. 

I tryed to calm myself, but realized it was the drugs, nothing was wrong. Until I wasn't with my friends anymore, at least the friends I did the acid with. I was on a boat, in a lake. I asked myself how the hell I got there, and they all gave me a strange look, beyond strange. And then, yet again, I became strongly influenced by nature, I could feel the soft breeze, and it felt good, I could sense the roots of tree's absorbing water from the ground.

This shouldn't have been happening, I knew the drugs were strong, but I could tell that this wasn't a drug affect. On the way in from the lake, I noticed a large bridge to my left, there was a dinosaur underneath it, trying to break it down. I just looked away and consentrated on nature. My mind was calmed by it, my mental self was so strong that I could just focus on something other than my trip. When I opened my eyes, there was a man in the water trying to kill a seagull, so I suggested we should have a BBQ. This made no sense at all, but seemed like a good idea at the time. My idea was turned down and we went home.

After we arrived, I went for a run. A long ass run might I add. On my way back, I incountered my good friend Jeff, and we talked for a while. As we were discussing something, these two fat kids started hitting me, so I started to run, but it was like gravity was holding me back, I couldn't move fast enough. So I turned around and screamed at the top of my lungs and broke free from gravity. I ran home, to find that the house was being turned into a wendy's resteraunt. 

I closed my eyes, and went to nature, and it felt so good, I kept my eyes closed for a long time. I was convinced that if I kept them closed, I would go unconcious, and everything would be better, but it didn't work, although, when I opened my eyes, I was back, at my house, with my two friends. They kept saying 'snap out of it man, your parents will be home any minute!' I told them that there was nothing to worry about, my parents were gone for a week, I told them to snap out of it.

After I said this, the 'out of it' kept repeating in my head, until I was completely out of it, and then, thank goodness I passed out. When I woke up, I was in the woods outside my house, laying in between two large tree's, with dirt spread ontop of my chest, and my legs were in a small puddle of water. I felt calm, and although the trip was over, I could still feel the tree's, and the soft breeze blowing on me.