Last Friday I had the fun experience of trying acid once again. I was hanging out with my usual friends, and my parents were out of town for the entire weekend so I had planned to have a small group of friends come over and smoke pot, snort cocaine, and drink. Well I got news that we could get acid, a guy had 20 hits of blotter paper, so we went out and bought the entire sheet. I bought 2 hits of acid for 10$. I was kind of had a pessimistic outlook on it, because I had been ripped off before. But this acid was real, *very* real. I am very glad that I had not started out with 4 hits, as that would have been way to much for me - even 2 hits was a very visual, intense trip. Here's how it went.

At around 9:30 I took the acid, left it on my tongue for a while, flipped sides, then eventually chewed it up and swallowed it. All my other friends took the acid at various times. All of them took 2 hits, except one person who took 6 hits (a more experience tripper). When we got to my house, I just got ready to trip. I turned on my black light, and put on some Pink Floyd. 30 minutes or so later, after smoking a joint outside, things started to happen. I went inside and looked on my computer screen, my desktop picture (of the moon, starts, and nebula) was moving - as if it was a screensaver. It seemed as if the picture had different 'layers' to it, and each layer was moving a different way. The sun in the picture made me squint, even though it was not real - as if the picture was real!

Things started getting crazier and crazier every minute. We experience some confusion as to what was going on since everybody in my house was tripping - rather funny, we could not stop laughing not matter what we did. A little ways later, I went into my room alone when everybody else was in the living room, laid down in my dark lighted room with Pink Floyd playing and started at my scenic pictures on the wall. All of a sudden everything round the pictures disappeared and turned into black space, and the pictures seem to be '3D'. The frames of the pictures turned into fluorescent rainbow colors, and seemed to stick out, as if I could touch the back of the pictures on the wall. Truly an amazing sight. For no apparent reason I started laughing out loud, in my room, alone. The music sound *amazing*, Pink Floyd was truly made for tripping. Totally euphoric.

I then went to talk to my other friends. The guy who took 6 hits was totally out of it. He was going nuts, in a good way. All the wall paper on my walls, and just about every surface was either breathing or moving in some sort of weird way. We were outside for a bit when it started raining, and that felt very good. I could go on countless hours about the visuals I saw, which were so amazing, but I won't. I called a sober friend of mine, just to see what she would sound like while I am tripping. That kind of kept me in a 'peaceful' state of mind since I knew that everything was not going crazy, and that I will still come down when it is over which kept me in a good mood. She stayed on the phone for nearly 4 hours with me, listening to me babble on, even putting the phone down for 20 minutes straight at 3:00 in the morning! That is truly a good friend, as I know I was probably scaring her with everything I said, but she enjoyed talking to me while I was tripping and I did too.

I peaked and did some just plain weird things. I hid in my closet with the lights off for no apparent reason, then scared the living shit out of one of my friends who walked into my room alone when I jumped out, he screamed and nearly freaked out. Later, after we came down a little bit, me and a friend went outside and wrote 'trip' in shaving cream on a friends wind shield just to do something. The trip was amazing, highly visual, and euphoric - but the next day was horrible. I felt like I was 'out of it' the entire day. Probably because I got no sleep, and smoked a bunch of pot all throughout the next day. I was afraid to even talk to my parents on the phone because I would stumble on every word, but alas everything turned out fine when I woke up Sunday at a friends house and was totally fine and feeling good. I would repeat that any time, just maybe during the day next time, a little earlier, so I will be down at night time and be able to sleep at my normal weekend sleeping times so I would wake up in the morning actually feeling normal enough to talk to authority if I needed to.