First Time Injecting Buprenorphine

I learned/started injecting just a week ago. I self learned with bottle of Lidocaine 40mg/ml - Adrenaline/Epinephrine. It was fun, but left me with several injection marks and sore arms. 

So I arrived to Lappeenranta (city in Finland) I had taken 7mg DOI In train, but it didnt work. Two days earlier I did 12mg DOI and 6mg IV. <!--I will send a report from it later. -->I spent the rest of the evening drinking couple of beer, smoking menthol cigarettes and I did take 450mg Aurorix (Moclobemide, a MAO-a inhibitor) I also pinky dipped some kind of ecstasy powder, I had hard time getting sleep but managed to fall asleep 8 in the morning and woke up at 13, I drank cup of coffee, ate small slice of pizza, smoked cigerette and drinked two 0, 33 bottles of beer. Ate 300mg Aurorix and  I was going to my friend Jussi by bus, this was next day since arrival, this morning I drank little rum, ate chicken, took 450mg Aurorix and  1.8-2 Mucuna Pruriens. These are pretty good with maois to loading up my brain with serotonin and dopamine. 

I puked two times about 1,5 hours after taking them, they do produce nausea, but they started working much earlier. Comeup was a bit unsettling. My heart was beating fast and strong for 30 minutes, I had some headache, but then enjoyable ecstasy like tingling started it lasted for couple of hours then left me brain full of neurotransmitters :-) went to the city, I visited pharmacy and bought two bottles of Professors Cough medicine, 150ml/150mg Methylmorphine (Codeine) I drank one bottle straight. The dont mess up my stomach much, since sorbitol levels are quite low in the mixture. Also no other substances included to prevent enjoyable drinking, taste is very good too. 

I arrived to Jussi, I noticed that he had started to IV too, he was injecting Subutex/Buprenorphine at the time, he took some and I took 0, 8mg. I had denaturated alcohol, fresh needles and syringes. So I Proceeded to inject 0, 8mg Buprenorphine myself too. It came up On 5 minutes, I had pleasant ache all over my body, saw some CEV`s No patterns, colours. 

He also had 12mg Sirdalud (Tizanidine) which is popular injection drug here in Finland. They are muscle relaxant pills and perfect with opiates/opioids and benzodiazepines. 6mgs is considered a high dose, 3mg moderate, 1, 5mg light. I fall asleep if I take more than 12mgs. 

We cooked it up for injecting and filled two syringes with 2, 5ml liquid in both. I didnt shoot it because it was coloured and I was suspicious about fillers, since they were the strongest kind of those which are 6mg DEPOT and the the depot is not in the gelatin shell of the pill. I just squirted the solution to my mouth and swallowed it. My friend injected his and started to nod in 15mins. 

Time really passed by, I was nodding for 4 hours after taking the Tizanidine. Then woke up and was stimulated, I spent my time listening psytrance and ambient from HBR1 stream, which is pretty good. At some point my friend went to get more Subutex and brought also cannabis leaves, we smoked both 3 gravity bong hits and the leaf was consumed. Its now 7 in the morning and arrived at 22. 

At six in the morning we injected more Subutex, I took 0, 8, my friend did more and is nodding now, I also injected 2, 5ml /0, 6m Buprenophine, I put too much water. I drank the rest, most of it was In the syringe. I proceeded to inject the stuff and now I'm feeling reaally good, its like pleasant ache, very relaxed and difficulties In focusing eyed. I'm continuing my being and enjoying every minute.