I started using diphenhydramine (Unisom 50 mg softgels) as a sleep aid and it worked well for me.  For some strange reason I took a double dose (100 mg) one night and I felt a little euphoric when the sleepyness was starting to kick in.  After that I took double doses continually, but I started buying generic brands because unisom costs too much.

One night I took a double dose and decided to look at some internet porn right before I went to sleep.  I was looking at porn for a while and started feeling a little euphoric, so I decided to masturbate before I got too sleepy.  I was a little disoriented as I masturbated, but when I was done the release was one of the best I'd ever had (by myself).  I never realized that this stuff could make masturbation so much more fun.  Soon I was taking double doses and whacking off every night before I went to sleep.  This went on for a couple of months, but I  finally decided to stop because I thought the stuff had to be doing some damage.  I decided to do some research on the internet to find out what kind of shape I was in.

I didn't really find anything helpful as far as what kind of damaging effects this stuff can have on the human body.  What I did find was an essay about a guy who took 600 mg of diphenhydramine and started hallucinating.  I decided to give it a try, and I took the same dose even though this person outweighs me by 65 lbs. (He weighs 195, I weigh 130).  Anyway, I rationalized that I had already built a tolerance to this stuff so taking the same amount would be ok.  

I took the handful of pills with some water and sat down to play some video games while I waited for the effects to kick in.  I didn't feel anything for an hour, but all of a sudden all the sensations I had become familiar with snuck up on me all at once.  I felt really disoriented and I got up and started to walk around.  I couldn't walk straight but I made my way to the bathroom.  I looked in the mirror and my pupils were very dialated.  I turned and looked at the wall and I saw some worm-like shapes moving around, as though the wall was covered with maggots.  I didn't freak out because I knew I was hallucinating, and the shapes didn't look like real worms, they were more like purple outlines of worms.  I went to the computer to look at porn (I was alone in my apartment) but I had trouble turning the computer on.  I had very little coordination, I would aim at the power button with my finger but I kept missing it by a longshot.  I finally managed to get the thing working and started to look at some pictures.  I tried to masturbate, but I had trouble getting erect.  I must have tried for what seemed like 15 minutes but I couldn't get a hard on, so I gave up.  (I'm only 22, so I blame the pills for this.) I sat on the couch and started watching t.v.  I don't know what I was watching, it must have been a movie or an hour-long drama about cops or the FBI.  I was feeling very sleepy but I forced myself to stay awake by standing up.  I kept watching the show and everything around me felt surreal.  The cops seemed to be talking to me at times, but I somehow knew this wasn't really happening.  Then I started hearing voices that seemed to come from outstide my apartment.  I started getting paranoid.  I started thinking there were people outside trying to get in, and they were talking about me.  I felt very nauseous and I vomited in the kitchen sink.  After that I decided to go to sleep.

I laid in bed for a while, and it seemed as though I couldn't fall asleep at the time, but now I think I was drifting in and out of consciousness.  I looked at shapes in the dark and they looked like statues of mythical creatures. They seemed to move but if I looked straight at them they would freeze again. (In the morning I realized they were just clothes on the floor and hanging from a fan in my room.)I thought someone had broken into the apartment and was freely walking around inside.  I was wondering whether I should get up and get the baseball bat I keep in my closet, but decided it wasn't a good idea as I might alarm the intruder who was possibly better armed than me.  I looked at my alarm clock and it was 4 am.  I went to sleep.

I got up at 7 am to go to work (I work in an office) and I was still buzzing.  The funny thing about this stuff is that even while you're high, you have some moments when you feel perfectly cognitive, then you go back to feeling stoned.  During the first few hours of work I thought my co-workers were calling me but they really weren't.  I also saw things that weren't there, but these hallucinations were 'based' on reality.  For example, I reached for a stapler I thought I had seen an instant before, and it was gone.  Either it was never there or I didn't notice when somebody took it.

Anyway, by lunchtime the effects were starting to go away, although I still felt a little nauseous.  I don't think I'll take such a high dosage of diphenhydramine again.  It wasn't much fun and the next day I had the worst cottonmouth ever.  Also, my mouth produced so much saliva I had to spit every minute for the first few hours of work.  I wouldn't recommend doing what I did to anybody.  Now that I think about it, it wasn't really worth it.