As there is no experience report for morphine at this time I thought it proper that someone let the public in on some of it's secrets.

As morphine is used through out the professional sector, it is quite easy to see how one might mistake this for the little cousin of Heroine, however if you read on you may change your mind.

It is worth mentioning that I had an endless supply of morphine base. This changes the way you use the drug substantially.

The main routes for morphine use are Intraveinous, Inhaled, or taken orally.

This report will consider the latter two options, as I have never been one for shooting junk into my blood stream.

First of all I will start by saying that I was/am a healthy person, in both body and mind, I am a hard working citizen, with a beautiful wife and great friends. I am currently studying Engineering and find the work hard but am getting good grades.

My first experience with morphine:
As I was not quite up on the best way to smoke morphine, I decided to make myself some Morphine HCl. This was acheved by mixing the Morphine base with some Hydrochloric Acid I brought from the hardware store. (Plumbers use it.) I used activated charchoal, and filtered to give a clear Morphine HCl liquid. This was then dried. The result was a white crystaline soapy substance that was horribly bitter. I own a nice set of electric scales that are quite accurate, and was able to measure myself out 0.1 of a gram. I had read that 5-10mg intraveinously was a good starting point, so I divided my 0.1 of a gram into 10 pieces and ate 1x10mg mound. It tasted horrible, and took about 20 minutes before I felt anything. 

The feeling was utter bliss, just happy to be alive, just happy to do whatever, just happy to be happy! However the constipation that followed was terrible, but barable.

Over the coming months I used my Morphine HCl on comedowns from Extacy and Speed, this worked well, and allowed peace and even sleep. (Note at this time no tollerance was noted)

1 year later:
I had been very good, looking after my health going to be early and generally being well. I was sitting at my desk doing an assignment and something in my head told me that I would enjoy doing this assignment much more if I added a little morphine... which I did! This made everything seem ok, and I was happy to sit there for hours and just work on what you would normally call a booring assignment. This mind set quickly lead to my taking of the morphine HCl on a daily basis. (Still no tollerance noted.) I passed all my exams and thought that I had better stop using (after approx 2 months use), as I was now working a 9-5 job. The withdrawals were not what you would call horrific, but they were noticable. I took Neurofen Plus to help out with the body aches, and it soon passed. (After 7 days there were no noticable symptoms)

Another year later:
I was sitting doing another booring assignment, and there it was again, that little voice in my head, ‘This would be much better if you used a little morphine', which again it was! However, the morphine HCl I had made originally had run out and I was only left with Morphine base. As I did not want to spend the time cooking up another batch I looked into smoking morphine. There is very little litrature out there on smoking morphine, so I will let you in on what I learned:
1. Morphine Base can be smoked.
2. The feeling it gives you when you smoke it is much greater than that when you ingest it.
3. It tastes really nice!

If you were concious about your usage, I have read that the best method is to ‘chase the dragon', which I tried and did not particularly like as it took way too long to smoke it this way. So I purchased myself a small marijuana pipe with filters. I just measured out 10mg in the same fashion as before and sat it on the filter, used my lighter to burn whilst inhaling. (Many will say this is a waste for many reasons, but I can assure you that it works, and works well!)

Anyhow, to cut a long story short, smoking morphine is, for me, much more addictive than ingesting it!

Smoking morphine made me feel alive, it had all the good things about ingesting it but without the bad side effects. I had very little to no constipation due to smoking morphine over a 3 month period. 

I guess the next thing to report on is stopping again. As I mentioned, it had been 3 months since I started smoking morphine till the day I stopped. 

Why did I stop? Well, I guess I was just enjoying myself too much, you know the feeling when you get it... So I just stopped, thinking about my last experience with withdrawals I though this would also be mild.

I was wrong! After 3 months I had built up quite a tollerance, and was smoking around 200mg a day. If I did not get up early in the morning and have a pipe I was a mess!

Anyhow, I did not sit still for over 60 hours, I did not eat for the entire time... and then the diareah...

This is truely Hell on earth folks, while your up it is like Heaven, but try stop and you have another thing coming.

Fortunately I was able to crawl to the doctor who prescribed me valium for anxiety, this allowed me to get some rest and I was able to resume eating.

It has been a month now, and I do not have cravings for morphine at all, but what I do have is anxiety. My doctor it treating my anxiety topically with valium xanax and busbar... There is light at the end of the tunnel, but it has been a hard road.

So I guess the message here is:
If you are going to do morphine, smoke it!
If you are going to abuse morphine, be prepared for HELL!

All said and done, Morphine is a wonder drug, it truely makes me feel happier and safer than I can ever experience without it.

I personally will probably use it again one day, maybe for something special, but never again will I use it more than once in a month!

Lesson Learned Folks