This was my first experience with salvia, but had previously read about salvia trips so I thought I knew a bit of what to expect. Beforehand, I prepared a MP3 CD with about 2.5 hours of relaxing music. There was japanese shakuhachi flutes, sound tracks from Gladiator and Braveheart, some Enya, etc. etc. I started the music and adjusted the volume so that it would barely be audible.

I sat in my completely darkened livingroom. The only light was the clock on the VCR which was some 15 feet away from my big comfy couch. I fired the pipe and took a huge hit. The coughing fit I encountered could not be prevented, although I am a 2 pack a day smoker for almost 20 years. After clearing my lungs, I took another huge hit and managed to hold it in for about 15 seconds. On my third hit I felt like I was sinking down and backwards into the couch. I remembered reading where reality would suddenly rip away. I say I remembered this, but it seems like only half of the thought made it through my mind before I found myself standing on an enormous hill with tall hay (or wheat) growing. The hill wasn't that tall, but it looked to be hundreds of acres in size. Near the bottom, a rather large brown fish was swimming through the hay uphill towards me. I found this amusing and could not remember smoking the salvia.

As the fish swam up the hill towards me, it morphed into a muscular demon thing swinging a blade cutting the hay, cutting a path towards me. This concerned me quite a bit to say the least. A voice spoke to me and said, 'You could always panic'. The absurdity of this statement made me laugh. It was indeed an option, but what would it accomplish. Looking again, the demon had changed into an absurd shape. His chest was sunken, belly poking out and swollen, arms and legs pencil thin, but his hands were huge and almost flat in appearance. He was looking towards the sky, and pointed up encouraging me to look. I did, and the most bizarre point of this trip began.

I started rocketing upwards, but from the moment I left the ground I was in space or something similar. I noticed I had left my cumbersome body behind and was now a soft subtle light blue ball of light traveling at an impossible speed. Looking ahead I could see a thin, barely distinguishable tendril of blue/gray smoke. This was what was pulling me along. The force was gentle, but not being affected by gravity or any other force, it was more than enough to pull me along at what felt like the speed of light. After quite a long journey, I started to notice voices. A lot of voices. It was hard to understand what was being said, but I did make one voice out. It said 'you're not supposed to be hear yet'. BAM! I was back to reality again. 

I reached for my pipe and finished off the salvia. Once again, I felt my conscience ripped away from my body. The sensation was very rapid, but not completely unpleasant. I rather enjoyed the feeling of departing my physical body. It didn't feel drug-like, but rather felt like a very real spiritual departure. I began associating my body with a sheet full of iron shavings and a magnet underneath holding the shavings in a particular shape. My body was just a pile of molecules and I thought my recently separated soul might be the force to hold them together. I briefly touched my earthly body with my soul and found it intact and that comforted me. I cannot remember much of the rest of the trip, only bits and pieces of amazing visions but stitching those brief glimpses together with words would probably only serve to confuse things.

The next day, today as it is, I woke feeling spectacular. I've smiled more and laughed more than I can remember doing in quite a while.