<!--I wanted to write to you about Cacao. You don't seem to have any reports
about this miraculous substance. Perhaps you'll start getting more, either
because of this report, or because of the release of the movie Charlie and
the Chocolate Factory, which got me into the Bean. The remake by Tim Burton
mentions Cacao Beans specifically. The Oompa Loompas crave them, and it
even shows them laughing after eating them. Then, as if to pound the point
home, WIlly Wonka (Johnny Dep) says: 'Hey by the way did you guys know
that chocolate contains a property which triggers the release of
endorphines? Gives one the feeling of being in love.' Then, Mrs. Boregard
says: 'You don't say.....' Any fun-loving adult who watches this movie will
probably catch on. So after seeing it, the time had come to try Cacao!

You can order it online, if you just search for 'raw cacao' you will find
a place. Try to find one geographically close to you, then you won't have
to pay as much for shipping and can get them quickly. You can either get
beans or nibs. The nibs refer to the pieces of the De-shelled bean. This
makes it very convenient, as you have to peal the beans yourself, which you
can do by soaking them in warm water for a few minutes, then using a
pairing knife. The beans might give a better idea for initial dosage, but
for convenience and price, go for the nibs. The peal makes up to forty
percent of the weight of the bean, so as you can see you get a good deal
with the nibs. It lists the serving size as one tablespoon, so start there,
though you will probably work your way up to between one and two
tablespoons, perhaps more. You will find your dosage and it will remain
constant. Try grinding them in a coffee grinder and adding them to cold
water. Add honey, cinnamon, and vanilla to taste. You may also want to grind
up some almonds. Whisk it around and enjoy.

Now onto the good stuff, what it feels like and does. Firstly, raw Cacao
contains lots of interesting compounds. It contains theobromine, a
non-addictive analogue of caffeine, with one fourth the stimulant power. It
also contains minute amounts of caffeine, but this seems inactive in the
raw form, and the stimulation feels different. Cacao contains anandamide,
the body's natural version of THC. It contains dopamine, serotonin, and tryptophan.
It contains MAOIs and Thiamine, two compounds which often do not go
together. MAOIs make one feel younger, and indeed I have begun to vividly
remember happy scenes from childhood, like my bedroom. It contains
phenylethylamine, the base neurotransmitter for lots of weird substances,
including Ecstasy and Mescaline. It also contains high amounts of
magnesium, vitamin C, and antioxidants. After reading reports of people
reloading for E trips with htp and supplements, they may want to try raw
Cacao, as it contains all of these things in perfect proportion. Having no
desire to try E I don't know, but it makes logical sense. It would probably
rock afterword. It would probably go great with acid and especially
mushrooms, which probably happened during Aztec days. The Aztecs used the
Cacao bean as currency.

Having said that, i-->It feels like the softest of the soft drugs. Personally, it feels perfect. It sort of feels like a stimulant, but mixed with a mild dose of a pain killer and with a distinct psychoactive twinge to it. A girl gave me some Darvocet to try to make up for hurting me, but I actually prefer the endorphine release from Cacao, believe it or not! That shows its power. 

I used to use GHB a lot, before it became risky to obtain in the States, and wondered if I would ever find a new elixir, and I can say with confidence that I have, and that says a lot. Cacao feels like psychoactive caffeine. Speaking of caffeine, I have totally switched to Cacao. Caffeine dehydrates the body much more, and has an addiction that takes a very subtle form at first. Cacao transfered the physical addiction just fine, and eliminated it. Cacao makes every day like going on a little controllable acid trip.<!-- It has twice the half-life of caffeine, so a good dose will take you on a twelve-hour ride! --> If I feel depressed, it will actually give me something to look forward to. It has also reduced my daily Cannabis consumption<!--, perhaps due in part to the Anandamide. Of course, the two go quite well together. Two tablespoons of Cacao actually contain the equivalent amount of fat in one tablespoon of butter, perhaps making it useful for extractions. And of course don't forget about Tobacco.

I hope this report will inspire others to try this wonderful drug-food.
Terence McKenna said to 'deliver us from subtle drugs.' I would definitely
not put raw cacao into this category. Some have tried to get high from
chocolate by eating a bunch of it, but it only works with the raw unrefined
form, otherwise you just get a cheap sugar rush. As always do your research
if taking other medicine, for example I would not recommend combining it
with other serotonergics, like 5-htp or ssris. Remember to have the
appropriate amount of fun.

'I'm sorry, I was having a flashback.'
'I see... Do these flashbacks happen often?'
'Increasingly! Today..'-->