I had taken Adderall before, but never this many milligrams. Around 6 PM I get a call from a friend saying he had some Adderall he needed to get rid of. He had gotten a prescription by convincing his doctor he had the symptoms of ADD. He sold me eight pills (10 mg capsules) of Adderall XR. I didn't know it was the time release kind when I bought it but after taking it home and popping the first pill I noticed the capsule was filled with very tiny balls of powder. About 15 minutes later, I ate dinner with my parents and I actually had a conversation with them, which is a change because I usually say as little to them as possible. 

After dinner, I went to my room and popped another capsule. The first thing I noticed was a change in my concentration. I started pondering over my life, friends, and my future, all while surfing the web. About 30 minutes later I decided I would try snorting the next pill. I opened the capsule and spilled out the tiny balls and crushed them as well as I could and snorted the powder. This is when it really started to hit me. I felt like I had unlimited energy, and was feeling really good about myself. I started playing an online first person shooter (Quake III) and was tearing it up on a server. Never had I been able to focus on something as simple as a video game so well. I was having a blast and played much longer than I usually do. During the game I popped one more pill and snorted another afterwards. 

I just felt so great and sure about myself. I started talking to a very good friend of mine on AOL instant messenger and through our conversation I felt a lot more closer and friendly to him (in a heterosexual way), and talked to him for a good hour with very little pause in the conversation (about half way through I took the 6th pill, totaling the overall dose so far 60mg). I decided to get off the computer and do something with all this energy I had; lift weights.

All I can say is wow. I was lifting more than my usual amount and doing more reps. I was having a lot of fun working out, which I usually don't. I swallowed the 7th Adderall towards the beginning of my workout, which lasted over 3 and a half hours (never have I lifted weights for that amount of time in my life). I listened to some Disturbed while lifting, and in between sets I found myself pacing around the room, dancing and air guitaring to the music. If someone had been in the room with me it wouldn't have stopped me from dancing and walking around, cause I just felt too damn good to care. The whole time I was simultaneously pondering about my life in a very deep way. When I finally decided to stop exercising it was about 5:00 AM. 

It is now 6:24 AM and for the past hour I have been reading a bunch of articles, even ones about drugs that I would never ever take (heroine, cocaine). No matter what I read I found myself very interested and very focused on it. I have to go to school in an hour, but I'm still very much awake despite getting no sleep. I have one pill left and I'm going to take it right before I leave. I haven't eaten in 12 hours, and you'll find that you don't need to/want to eat while on Amphetamines. However, my appetite is just now coming back and I will be eating breakfast very soon.

For over a year I've been a regular weed smoker (at least once a day, 2-3 a day on weekends). I loved it because it took my mind off everything so I could just relax and chill. I've found Amphetamines to be the exact opposite of Cannabis. I don't want to just chill while I'm on it, I was constantly occupying myself doing things that one would consider everyday tasks, except I was doing them better than usual, and enjoying myself at the same time. I actually can't wait to go to school now, and it makes me wish I had ADD as a kid so I could have been on this medicine every day and actually do well in school (right now I'm repeating the 12th grade, which I blame on my pothead tendencies throughout all of last school year).

Overall, I can see how Amphetamines are addicting, as I was popping those things like M&M's the entire night. I know I probably will feel like shit tommorow, and want some more pills on the come down (which I am now beginning to feel, but at least I still have 1 last pill to take). Next time though, I'd like to take it with some friends of so we can all tweak together.