When I discovered that Tramadol can be purchased without a prescription I was very curious to try it; I enjoy opiates a lot and wanted to see what this 'opioid' thing was all about. My previous experiences include opiates such as hydrocodone, oxycodone, opium, codeine, and heroin. 

I really liked this drug but it was different from what I expected. Starting with 187mg I moved on to around 200-300mg a day usually in two doses; this seems to be optimal for me, as higher doses only increase the sedative effect and not the euphoria. For me, Tramadol takes a long time to fully come on. It also seems to have an antidepressant as well as a 'pseudo-opiate' effect. The antidepressant-like mindstate becomes apparent about 40 minutes after ingestion, while the pain relief and the nodding and zoning that comes with it only hit me around T+1:30. This does not seem to vary with stomach contents. [Note: I took the brand with 37.5 mg Tramadol and 325mg Paracetamol so this may be the reason for slower onset]. 

It also seems to kind of come on in waves, first I'm completely zoned out on a wall then I suddenly 'wake up' and can walk around doing chores or whatever I have to do quite efficiently. Definitely a more 'workable' high than heroin and oxycodone once I get used to it. My favorite part about it though is the very positive outlook on life which reminds me a little bit of heroin. Long duration is also a plus, as I can easily go a full day on it without feeling tired or burned out. 

My least favorite part is the horrendous constipation and the unsettled stomach (farting all the time is no fun). Overall, the experience lasts around 12 hours, with the opiate-like effects disappearing after 8 hours or so and the positive post-effect stays with you for about 3-4 more hours after that. Opiates always give me this sort of a 'soul filled with darkness' melancholic feeling while Tramadol is a much lighter, sociable high.

Combinations:

I've tried several combinations and found that Tramadol combines well with many substances.

A combination with amphetamine/methamphetamine does not give me the 'swing' effect where I constantly go either 'up' or 'down' but rather provides a very stable and very euphoric feeling. After the amphetamines wear off it is easy to sleep too, making it ideal as a come-down aid as well. 

A combination with benzodiazepines produces a 'kick'. Barbiturates increase the effects in a similar way as benzos do. 

Weed, needless to say, goes great with Tram, as does 5-HTP. It seems to directly increase Tram's effects, very similar to taking an additional dose.

In conclusion, I find Tramadol to be a very enjoyable high which is easier to work with than opiates though it comes up short on the body buzz effects that one gets from Oxycodone, for instance. I try not to do it very often though as it is definitely very addictive.