Me ex-boy friend was a drug deal. He sold a bunch of stuff I never even heard of. From friends from college I heard about their expriences on shrooms,it seemed kinda interesting so I decided to go to my boy friend and ask for some.

He showed me a bag of what to me looked like regular dried mushrooms. He gave me some in the palm and said to take it with me, because if he keeps it he might accidentally sell it.

He also warned me not to take any on my own, especially if it was going to be my first time. 

When I came home I waited untill my family went to bed. It was about 11:00 pm and I didnt feel tired at all, and I thought what the hell, ill just take some it cant be that bad.

I first took half of what I had and waited, read a magazine waiting for letters to blurr, this happens to me when I'm high on weed. Nothing happened in 15 mins. So I thought ill just take the rest. In about 20 more mintues I went to the washroom to brush my teeth and looked in the mirror. One of my pupils was covering the whole colored part of my eye. That totally freaked me out and I thought it wasnt a big deal. Next thing I know I heard my toilet flush and it turned pink and then slight purple. I sat on the floor and stared at the rug. It was so fuzzy I coulnt stop touching it. The all of a sudden I thought, this cant be happening, I'm dreaming, I have to go bed. I Tried to get up but I couldnt my feet wouldnt move. I strated panicing, I really wanted all of it to stop and thought of my ex boyfriend. I started to trip really badly, some that looked like a chicken head popped out of nowhere and started talking to me. It then changed into a huge lion head and right then I thought I was going to die and this was my way to hell. I wanted to go back but I couldnt I finally got up and made my way to bed and tryed to read hoping everything would turn back to normal, but it didnt. I felt guilt, I shouldnt have taken it on my own and at night, I broke all the rules I was told not to, I was supposed to wait. And then my ex boyfriend started talking to me. Four of his faces stuck out of air and they kept reassuring me that everything would be ok, he just kept repeating that. Then I started shivering, and I thought I was having a seizure. I thought of going to my mom and telling her I'm going to die I'm in a bad place and ask for help but then I thought of how much shit I can get my ex into. I put on NSync CD and Started to write out lyrics on a piece of paper, and for the next four hours thats all I did.

When I woke up it was 2 in the afternoon. I found the sheet of paper that I wrote on and it looked like a baby was writing gibberish. I thought that I must have been completly fucked. For the next week I kept having nightmares about dieing.

I SHOULD NEVER HAVE DONE SHROOMS ALONE!