[Erowid Note: 
Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. <a href="/chemicals/show_image.php?i=dmt/dmt_contraindications1.gif">Don't do it!]

I have had one bad trip.  I took an unknown dose on a cube in the woods with my friend. It was dusk when it set in, and it was fairly chilly.  I was prepared for the weather, but my friend was not.  We enjoyed ourselves for a bit, but everything went down hill after we smoked a joint.  All that either of us noticed after the joint was that our ability to concentrate had vanished, therefore destroying any chance of a stimulating mental experience.  Soon after the joint my friend began to worry about the cold, although he could not feel it.  He worried that he would become hypothermic and not realise it in time.  Unfortunately for us, we had no where 'safe' to go, or so we thought, so I ended up driving him around for about 7 hours, until we were both way down and I was about out of gas.  Driving, needless to say, was not pleasant.  Possibly out of a desire to concentrate, or for some subconscious reason, I talked without more than 30 seconds of interruption for the entire drive.  Imagine what that must have been like for my friend.  Luckily there was little or no panic; it was more like time had become a skipping record, repeating over and over without our knowledge.  Slow torture. 

Later my friend admitted to me that while we were still in the woods he was having deja vu, the setting reminding him of dreams which he had had predicting the day of his death.  I still don't know whether he had those dreams in reality or not, but I'm quite thankful that he had the consideration not to tell me about it at the time, because surely I could not have helped and we would have spiraled into terror together.  I'd like to believe that he was not already there.

I believe that if we had both been properly prepared for the weather this may not have happened, but I think the joint was quite detrimental.  Our minds were much more lucid before the pot.  Lesson learned.

Never had a flashback.  Just wanted to tell my story.