I was reading and researching many a week about Datura and its psychoactive effects. I had previous knowledge that Belladona caused weird dreams if you slept under its influence, but had no tangible proof. Although I was a little bit iffy about trying Belladonna, because its poisonous and can kill, my curiosity was stronger than my fear.

So this is what I did. I live out in the country, so I went for a walk, much like witches did back in the day when nature was appreciated for the gifts it holds, to obtain the magic ingredients. I first picked 2 seed pods (thorny fruits) from a plant of Datura Stramonium (Jimson weed), and emptied its contents in a container. There must have been a total of about 70-90 seeds. I then proceeded to the next magic plant, the belladona. I was hoping to find some trumpet flowers but during winter it is very hard to find a flowering belladona, so I got the next best thing, the leaves. I picked 4 (four) leaves, and headed back home.

I first passed the leaves through some water to clean out the dust that might have settled on them. I started boiling some water in a small 2 liter pot. While I waited for the water to boil I proceeded with the Datura seeds. I put the entire content of seeds in a pepper mill and milled until there was nothing left to mill. By now the water was boiling. I turned the heat down to avoid messing up any of the magic ingredients, this is just intuition I am not sure if heat causes any chemical change to the psychoactives, and put the belladona leaves one by one tearing them in half, once again intution suggested it would result in a better concoction this way. After the water turned green (about 5 minutes) I poured all the crushed seeds in together. I let the magic potion boil down (at low heat) for about 3 hours until there was about 100 ml, about half a glass, of yellow/green liquid left. After allowing it to cool down I poured the liquid into a glass container.

Here is where the journey begins. I took myself, the magic potion, alot of water (very important) and a friend to a wild enviornment to avoid any interference. We found a confortable spot and sat down. After debating with myself how much I was to consume of the concoction I finally got the nerve and drank a little more than half in one gulp. The taste was almost unoticable and was neither pleasent or unpleasent. So now I was sitting waiting for something to hit me, nothing was happening for the first 40 minutes. Suddenly I began to feel my head expand and contract accompanied with a tingly sensation all over my body.

15 minutes after the frist magical encounter I began to feel the earth moving without me, losing all sense of equilibrium. I took this sign as advice and lay myslef deown. Before I knew it I was asleep, who knows how long I slept but when I awoke I couldn't make where I was. My eyes had a very blurred vision and things around me seemed to change their shape with very peculiar rippling effects, sort of like dropping a stone in water. I tried to clear my mind but the harder I tried the more confused I began to feel, so I just let myself go.

Several hours had already gone by, not sure how many, and suddenly I felt sober. Thinking all efects had passed I stood up (terrible idea) and fell right back on my ass. I am thinking this was due to the atropine. I don't know how but I managed to reach the car, where my friend had passed out after smoking several joints. I knocked on the window until he finally awoke and opened the door. I crawled into the car and lay myslef on the seat.

My friend began to interrogate me on the effects. As much as I wanted to tell him about my experience I couldn't seem to put my thoughts together and forgot what I was saying every other sentence. My friend just smiled and talked to me, not quite sure about what, but it soothed me. There was a sudden sensation of total mind clearness that lasted for about 10 secs. and then from out of nowhere I fell back into a deep trance. I was aware of everything around me but got easily lost with the scenery. I began to feel sober again and decided to roll myslef a joint, another terrible idea. 

As I tried to put weed on the rolling paper, my focus went out of control constantly coming in and out of focus as if moving forward and backward (its hard to explain) making it impossible for me to put the weed on the paper, so I gave up. As i tried to concentrate to focus the blurrier things got, suddenly I thought I had drank too much and felt death whispering at my soul. I never panicked but was very confused. I don't how much time went by but a tingly sensation, almost orgasmic, that went up and down my spine took over. I lay back on the seat and enjoyed.

At some point my friend decided to head back to town, when I finally came out of the trance I was home. Feeling confused, and with no balance whatsoever I managed to reach my bed. I was very dissapointed at first as I had not talked to any people during my trance (maybe I did but can't remeber). Maybe I had not taken enough or the magic formula was not quite right. I any case it was a very interesting experience, and will probably do it again soon. 

I am writing this a day after my experience and I still have somewhat of a blurred vision. I also feel my soul wanting to pull out of my body from time to time, very weird sensation, hard to describe. However all in all I really enjoyed the journey with datura. Will let you know when I give it another shot. 

As a note I would like to mention that I had fasted for 18 hours before I took the potion, and drank nothing else but gallons and gallons of water. I also forgot to mention that it was very hard to urinate while on the effects. It returned to normal the next day (today).