Saturday, Nov. 17th. Imagine after finally arranging a mushroom hookup on their way to your house, that there is to be a meteor shower that very night; in my 6 years as an overly-curious psychonaut, I don't think I have ever been as excited. This was my first serious intense trip with mushrooms, having only tried at most a half 1/8th on a few occasions and being somewhat disappointed with them. I had expected something more geometrical and structured, like my brain had become accustomed to with 600+ hits of LSD throughout the years. The following is the most accurate account I can give of the most intense connection with the world I have ever felt, and the most wonderful memories a person could carry with them to the grave.

We had begun our quest for mushrooms Friday, the day before, but due to problems with our friend being too high to answer his cell phone, spent the night eating Dexedrine out of boredom and consolation, consider it a sort of licking our wounds. It was I, my girlfriend Carissa, and our friend Wally, in a grinding teeth stupor, awake and disappointed, thinking that the mushroom thing would never happen.

Carissa fell asleep some time around 4 or 5 Saturday morning, but Wally and I considered that too early and since he had to go to work in 7 hours, sleep was more or less out of the question. This is important to remember when I describe my trip; I had not slept or eaten in close to 36 hours when I took my 1/8th. Feel free to smack your forehead and call me a retard now. So the mushrooms came without difficulty but with much surprise, and news of a meteor shower that was supposed to be 'pretty fuckin heavy, dude'. I wish it was that easy to describe now.

We all went to a friends house up the street whose parents were gone for the evening so we would have a safe place to partake in our organic goodies. There was an ounce of Cubensis between 8 people, and the house-owner and her boyfriend as sober sitters since we had some first time hallucinogen users dropping as well. I made mine in a single glass of tea, chopped into semi-large chunks and brought to a near-boil twice. The mushrooms were then filtered out with a spaghetti strainer, and with the shrapnel I made a piece of garlic toast, the only food I would eat in the entire night.

I drank the tea first, and noticed that it was quite strong on my very empty stomach. I didn't realize HOW STRONG until the second sip, when I felt a pressure around my skull that seemed to slowly move down my body in a euphoric tingling that made me shiver. Each sip I took I could feel the mushrooms stronger as soon as I swallowed it, and by the time I ate the garlic bread I was already starting to get visuals in my peripheral vision.

I ate the bread, and decided that I needed cigarettes, thinking I had at least 10 or 15 minutes until I was really tripping. Nobody stopped me before I left to tell me that my pupils were so huge that you couldn't see the color in my eyes; mind you, this is 10 minutes after drinking the tea. I went into the store, and asked for a pack of Basics. As I pulled out my money and drivers liscence, I also grabbed my bag of chronic, and since my vision was so curiously blurry, I brought it ALL THE WAY UP TO MY FACE to try to figure out what it was. When I realized, I shoved it back in my pocket, but not soon enough, since the cashier started laughing when I looked up and right into his eyes.

Anyways, by the time I got back to the house I was already seeing huge detailed kaleidoscopes filling my vision that were much more lucid and flowing than the LSD visuals I was used to. I decided to put on Willy Wonka & the Chocoalte Factory because I wanted to see the infamous tunnel scene. The sober sitter decided to play around with the color dials on the TV, and somehow manipulated it so that all the people were bright red, and that made their eyes look ridiculously huge and demon like.

The movie was amazing, I could not stop laughing through the whole thing. When the tunnel scene came, I saw so many colors and details flowing throughout the room that I was shaking in a giggling stupor for 5 minutes after it. After a few more anime videos that were neat, but not all that trippy, my girlfriend said she was tired and wanted to go to bed. I then looked at the clock, and saw that it was 2 am. Then I suddenly remembered something about comets. And then it hit me: we were missing the meteor shower!!

We ran outside looking down so we wouldn't spoil the surprise. Then, we all slowly lifted our heads to see a clear sky full of green lines left behind my meteors flying by in every direction. We went out front and laid down on the grass looking up at the sky. I began thinking about how humbling the universe can be, all of the expanse that I will never see, running on a perfectly timed system for millions of previous and future years.

I felt myself sinking into the Earth, felt it's friendly guiding touch massaging my body as a re-assurance that in spite of my insignifigant size, I am still as valuable to the Earth as it is to me. I could feel the world spinning beneath me as I watched the sky explode in a fireworks show brought to me by the same source of the mushrooms; thinking of this made me feel privelaged to be shown so much beauty by the Earth, it made me confident in Nature's ability to control everything in this world for better or ill, and awoke my spiritual senses of how much power guides this universe has flowing through it's veins that no Bible could ever tap into.

I felt refreshed by the beauty, what Nature had shown me made me cry in absolute joy to be alive to see what I had seen. I stayed awake the rest of the night and the following day contemplating what my experience meant, and waiting to see just how long the effects of the mushroom would manifest. I dropped them at 8 pm, and peaked around 4:30 am---this is an unusually long time, to my understanding, and it gave me a lot of time to think after everyone else around me went to sleep it off.

I thank Nature for her display of power, patience, and generosity, and know that my feelings towards life, death, existence, and the universe have forever been altered in that once in a lifetime Tryptamine 4th of July.

End Notes: I didn't mention the weed much; this is because I was smoking it all night at about 20 minute intervals, and I didn't want to say 'and then I smoked another bowl' three times every sentence. 

The shrooms didn't completely wear off until around noon the next day, which adds up to a roughly 16 hour experience. I blame/accredit this to my completely empty stomach and delirium from being awake so long; I DO NOT RECOMMEND anyone try this without a lot of experience with psychadelics, and a readiness to be completely blown away a million-fold with the intensity of it. I am surprised I had a good time at all, let alone such an amazing one.