What I am about to describe is an account of something really stupid I did, and I don't recommend that anyone do it, but perhaps you could learn a thing or two from reading this.

I had done a lot of mushrooms, and some datura, in the past, and I wanted to see what would happen if I combined the two.

Datura alone is a serious drug.  It can kill you if you take too much.  And the strange thing about it is that you don't know you're under the its influence when it kicks in, no matter how much you try to prepare yourself.  When I've done it, it has put me in a state I would compare to being asleep and dreaming vividly, but definitely not lucidly, and the difficulty in remembering the 'dreams' and maintaining logical sequences of thoughts, is roughly as it is when dreaming ... only I'm walking around and trying to do things.

Mushrooms, I've found to generally be a highly emotional experience.  When I take them, I go through extreme changes in emotion very quickly and am often overpowered by feelings of compassion.  The hallucinations seem to be secondary to that, or perhaps even a ramification of it.

So what would happen if I put them both together?  I wanted to try it, but didn't have anyone around to watch me, or at least, not anyone I felt comfortable telling I was experimenting with drugs.  I was living with my parents at the time (this was in 2001).  So I got the idea that perhaps if I also took some Zyprexa (an anti-psychotic that makes me lethargic and slow), I'd be less likely to get in trouble.

So I threw unmeasured amounts of datura, psilocybin mushrooms, and zyprexa, in a blender, and blended them into a homogeneous powder.  I'd say the mixture was about half datura, a quarter mushrooms, and a quarter zyprexa.

First I tried putting a teaspoon of the stuff in some tea.  The effects were mild, yet suggestive of a great intensity, if that makes any sense.  My body was tingling a lot, and I was laughing a lot, but at the same time, it was somewhat frightening.  I put the stuff in a bag and forgot about it for a while.

Then one day in 2003, I was visiting my parents, and everyone had gone to bed.  I was bored out of my mind (which, in my opinion, after a lot of stupid experiences, is never a good reason to do serious drugs), and decided I was going to get fucked up.  I ate about 4 tablespoons of the mixture and lied on my bed waiting for something to happen.  I fell asleep, and woke up feeling horribly dehydrated.  I went in the bathroom and was trying to drink water out of the faucet, desperately, but could barely get it down my throat because it kept closing.  When my throat closed, I couldn't even breath.  There must have been 40-second intervals where I couldn't open my throat even to get a breath in, and thought I might suffocate.  I kept trying to get myself to calm down and control my body, which is something I'm usually good at, but I could not get my throat to open properly - it was simply too dry.  Trying to drink water made this even worse, but I thought that I might die if I didn't get some water in my system, so I kept choking and burping on the water for a long time until I managed to moisten my throat enough that I could drink.  

I downed as much water as I could.  I remember the image of myself in the mirror being extremely bright and dangerous-looking.  And I was exhausted.  I lied down on the bathroom floor and must have fallen asleep.  At some point I must have gone back to my bed.  I remember waking up multiple times, needing to drink more water, and having the throat-closing problem again, plus I could barely walk.  And I felt like I was in the middle of an intense dream, but the main priority was to make sure I could breath, and make sure I had enough water in my body.  I kept trying to go into the bathroom, and I would try to take a step forward, and I'd fall to the side, then try to compensate and fall to the other side.  I was knocking over furniture and falling all over the place, and making a lot of noise.  The rest is a delirious blur.  And my mom, who is pretty-much against any kind of drug-use, had to see me like that.  Obviously I woke up my whole family knocking into bookshelves and bureaus and things.  I remember slurring to them that I was just drunk and that I had drank way way too much.  

The next day my dad told me he had never seen anyone so drunk in his life.  And my mom told me I was sitting next to her on her bed for a while, silently.  She kept asking me questions and I answered her logically and literally.  Then I asked her where my bed was, and she told me, and I tried to get to it by going through the wall in the back of a closet.

When I woke up the next day, some time in the afternoon, I felt back to normal again, except that I still had to drink a lot of water, and my vision was blurry for at least another 24 hours.  This didn't scare me much because I had read that datura does that, and that it would wear off eventually.