I had not used any drugs earlier in the day, but i used cannabis and alcohol previous night. I am a daily user of alcohol, cannabis, and tobacco, and i have experience with many pharmaceutical opiates, amphetamines, and cocaine, as well as many psychadelics. 

Initial dose was taken immediately after eating medium-sized meal. Supplier claims alkaloid content of 300 mg per 25 g. Dose, therefore, in the range of about 20 mg mitragynine initially, with a 40 mg supplemental dose later on.


3:23 PM- Parachute ~2 grams of super-grade kratom powder. ( 1.5 tsp)

+0:14 - Ate caffeine tablet containing ~ 90 mg caffeine. Headspace also slightly altered- possibly placebo.

+0:35 - Noticable relaxed buzz, very tired. Taking longer for effect, probably because it was taken on a full stomach. Cognitive impairment also noticable- its a lot tougher to type.

+1:10 - Not nearly as tired, probably because of caffeine, kratom's effects are still very subtle, but pleasant. Feels almost like the beginning of a psilocybin trip. 

+1:35  - Frustrated by subtlety of effects, I consume an additional 4 grams, parachuted. According to erowid, in addition to my initial dose this should yield strong effects.

+1:55 - Noticable strenghtening of effects, very pleasant and opiate-like. Appetite is suppressed. Perceptual alterations very similar to onset of psychadelic drugs.

+2:27 - Effects continue to strengthen, my skin feels warmer than usual and I am sweating more than i usually do. Lack of motivation. I decide to enjoy a cold beer, which goes down exceptionally well.

+2:40 - At this point it feels like a mix between a tranquilzer and a painkiller - not much euphoria, but i am very calm and content to do nothing except admire the beauty of nature (or the TV screen). I think it's time for some ganja.

+2:57 -I smoked a fat cigarette containing very high-potency cannabis, red poppy, blue lotus, chamomile, and sage. I was extremely high after finishing, and i still am. The kratom, and the other herbs to a lesser degree, definately enhanced the cannabis high; it was much, much more euphoric and there was none of the paranoia that is usually present. Interestingly, I am not tired at all; i am awake and alert yet tranquilized at the same time. A very pleasant feeling.

+4:37 - Effects have gradually faded to a strong sense of relaxation as the marijuana wore off. A few more beers adds to the effect. 

The effects faded away completely within a couple hours. Overall, I believe Kratom to be an interesting recreational drug; it certainly enhances the effects of marijuana, and by itself provides a relaxing, tranquilizing high. I would recommend it wo anyone seeking to end an opiate or benzodiazepine addiction, or enyone who wants to experience a very unique and natural high.