It was about a month since i had last smoked and I really wanted to get high but there was no weed around. Like every desperate smoker I started looking for another (most likely more dangerous) high.  Corciden cough and cold was put behind counter, so I couldnt get any dxm... so I went to the prescriptions, good old prescriptions. Well I had found some Ambien, Risperdal, Vicoden, prozac, and about 5 other psychotic [psychoactive?- ed] medicines just laying around. I called my  friend and he told me to bring him some of these pills so I went over his house. 

I met him on the way there and I decided to take 10mg of ambien and see how long it takes to kick in. after about an hour of walking I didnt feel anything so me and my friend both decided to take 20mg more of ambien, and I also slipped in 30mg of vicoden more. For some reason the Ambien hit my friend almost immediately, less than 2 minutes after it was taken, that was then that I realized this was a big mistake. He couldnt even walk straight, we were walking down the street and he would just kinda colapse every few steps. About 10 minutes later it kicked in for me, I started getting scared because I was barely able to stand up, so I sat down on the curb with my friend. I remember sitting there for about 5 minutes when I started seeing strange people that I hadnt seen before walk up to me and ask me if I was all right. 

Then out of no where I just blacked out and i have no idea what happened for about 20 minutes when i woke up in the middle of the street with a huge crowd of people standing around me all yelling 'Call and ambulance!'. I remember short 3 second images of what happened, until the police showed up. They told me to stand up and I kinda just slid down the wall and fell on my side, when I got back up the bag fell out of my pocket. The bag which contained 30 or so pills. They immediatly picked me up and threw me in the back of a police car until the ambulane came. I blacked out again until I was almost to the hospital. When I came to I remember laughing at the people inside the ambulance for some reason. 

The next thing I remember was waking up at around 11pm in a hospital bed with a cup of charcoal in my hand that I had to drink. All kinds of tubes in my arm and nose. I had to stay there for like 3 days until I came home. My grandparents kicked me out of there house, but now I live with my dad, and its real easy to buy weed in school now. Well about a week ago I got a court notice and Im being charged with stealing private property (taking the pills) and cds (possesion of a controlled dangerous substance). My advice to you is to not look for weed substitutes.