I had been trying to get acid for several weeks before, I had finally gotten some real tabs....good tabs supposedly...from a trusted source. I thought I could handle anything...invincible. He claimed that these tabs were pretty potent. I decided to take 4...when I told my friend that he wouldn't let me and I had to convince him I was getting some for a friend. Obviously he knew I wouldn't be able to handle it. 
    
Last year... A saturday it was, I took them. I took all four at about around 6-8pm. I decided the best idea was to just do it by myself, in a familiar area...my bedroom. My parents weren't back til sunday night...so the stage was all set. Within 20 mins I started feeling funny, almost like I was pretty ripped off bong hits or something...then about 10 mins later, I think, I started to trip pretty hard...got the usual color changes and brightnesses and everything was moving...I had on Pink Floyd of course which was nuts...but it sounded totally different, yea all the while exactly the same. That was about the end of the fun. I can't say exactly how long that lasted, probably about 20-30 mins.

I then slipped into something I will never forget. Everything became unclear ... So much seemed to be going on all at once...then out of nowhere it all stopped. I was no longer lying in bed...no longer in any familiar place. At first I had no idea what was going on....but I eventually figured out that I was standing on Earth. But it was different. There was nothing except for forming lands...as if I had been sent back to the beginning of time. I then seemed to watch....and watch....and watch...and watch. I didn't do anything but watch. For what seemed like years upon years I watched Earth develope through the stages of its begginning's. Just like they tell you in science class. I began to realize what was happening...I was living history. But living it day by day......neverending.

What seemed like thousands of years later life began to evolve. I watched this stage ..... Which lasted thousands of years also....It was never ending....I totally forgot that I had even taken acid....I was just watching the Earth develope....nothing seemed odd about it. Humans began to form and civilization began to take over after years and years of nothingness. I experienced many significant events in history....the big bang, jesus christ, pangea forming...and deforming, wars such as ww1. This trip was literally lasting millions of years in my mind. I experienced many other events but it began to get foggy once I had finally reached the end. I began to realize I was tripping and remembered who I was and where I was.

For what seemed about 2 hours I could barely see much or make much out but I could at least tell that I was in my room. I looked at the clock after I began to see 'straight' and it read one thirty something....in the morning. Although I lived history it was really only 4 hours. I couldn't even comprehend what had happened. It still felt like I was stuck in history for thousands if not millions of years....an amount of time which I cannot even think of....and though when I took the tabs still seemed not too distant.....the time in between was an eternity. I don't know whether this would be considered a bad trip or not......but I would never want to experience something like that ever again.....

Since then I had taken tabs numerous times but in much lower doses....and I do enjoy them. However, nothing compares to that first trip. I remembered reading that time can either seem like minutes or hours, even days.....but I had no idea I could go into a trip where I was 'watching' things happen for what seemed like that many years. Even thought I realize it was only a couple of hours...I feel that I have lived for a very long time. Those tabs changed me....for better or for worse. I matured. Matured through the years of the trip. Though I am only 21 I feel I have the knowledge, or more 'experince' of a man a thousand years old. It is hard to cope with the feeling...not that its bad....its hard to explain and I dont think I can.<!--I just want to warn trippers, first time and experienced that this could happen.--> I was never in fear or horror, I wouldnt consider a bad trip even, the more and more I think about it. However, the time lapse seems all too real.