Myself and my girlfriend had aquired some Trichocereus terscheckii and although I had tried Peyote before I had not tried a Trichocereus cactus and was very excited to do so.  Now for Peruvianus and Pachanoi there is a wealth of information available but for Terckeshii this is not the case.  Hence I had very little information to go on,  I was advised that this particular batch was quite weak and that 75 grams was needed for an effect.  We decieded to go with 100 grams each as a dose figuring if we are going to swallow this much material we may as well do it properly!

    Our setting was at home and as normal before embarking on psychonautical journey's we would have prepared the living space so all was in hand and comfortable.  We were both in good moods and feeling positive but as normal before ingesting any sacrament we felt a little 'apprehensive'. 

  The cactus material was in dried chunks and our preperation method was to weigh out the dried material and put it in a pan of water.  We used a method of brewing, straining and collecting the liquid.  We would then add more water to the material and repeat.  After doing this 5-6 times we also liquidised the material and brewed that and strained the liquid from it.  The resulting liquid collected was brewed down over several hours to about 1 pint ( half a pint each ).  The liquid was a dark brown colour and had an awful smell.  Getting this liquid down was an awful experience I will never put myself through again, I felt sick for an hour and finally  threw up badly ( projectile ) outside.  My girlfriend also projectile vomited after about 20 minutes of drinking it.

  The nausea didn't end there, for the next 7-8 hours the both of us felt 'poisoned' and the feeling of nausea was relentless.  My girlfriend spent 6 hours with intense stomach pains and cramps, I was lucky to not feel as bad but I certaintly did not feel good.

   There were some psychoactive effects, I felt these visual flickers like space itself was being attacked from elsewhere, breaking it down, the room began to melt and I felt i could have melted known reality away totally but made the mental decision not to ( my physical shell was in too much distress ).  

   All in all, the experience is not something I'd like to repeat, the negative effects were so great that the little positive effects were too out of reach.  I'd like to put some thoughts into possible reasons why I had such an experience.  It could have been my preperation method, it could have been dosage - it was alot of material to consume and alot of toxins aswell as good stuff may have built up.  It may have been our individual reactions to that specific plant (although we both had similar reactions).  Whatever the reasons I wanted to write this as an addition to the limited information on terckeshii. For us it was a horrific experience but maybe a differing methodology would illicit a different experience.