Mindset & Setting:
Tired and bored after a really bad week. Friday afternoon just about to leave work and looking forward to trying a small dose of Sceletium insufflated. 

Preparations made:
None, the Sceletium was purchased from a local herb shop in powdered form. A small amount (approx 20-50mg no accurate scales to hand) was made into 2 bumps of approx 30mm x 2mm.

Other Medications / Drugs
No other drugs including coffee and tea..

Experience:
+0:00 both lines insufflated using a cut straw

+0:00 Sharp burning sensation in both nostrils and coughed a little

+0:05 Burning has died down

+0:10 slightly off baseline, a bit more lively and less annoyed with things in general.

+0:15 Walking to the train station after work, the sun is shining, walking feels really nice (as everything else does too), feeling very pleased with myself and smiling. Coordination is slightly off and I feel clumsy but don't care.

+0:20 Getting little shivery tingly rushes not powerful and not really what I had expected but very pleasent. Moving around still feels good and all is well with the world.

+0:55 starting to come down a little walking into a shopping mall, not as content as I have been feeling so decide to chase the happy feeling with two more lines (quite a strong urge)

+1:00 Two new lines prepped and insufflated (same size as before), same burning and small cough

+1:10 Feeling caffeine like stimulation but the euphoric feeling is not returning

+1:15 Minor tingly rush but very mild

+1:20 Still feeling stimulated but slightly disappointed that the initial euphoria has not returned

+2:00 Stimulation has morphed into lazy sleepy feeling, feeling warm and content but not euphoric

+3:00 Doze on the sofa for 20mins

+3:30 Still relaxed, go to bed but don't fall asleep instantly like usual, lay awake for approx 30 mins

+5:?? Very intense dreams / nightmares
Next morning, feeling a little groggy and achy but nothing major

NOTE: Usually I don't remember my dreams but these where so vivid. I dreamt I was being attacked by sharks as I was swimming through surf, I then dreamt I woke up (I was definitely still asleep as I thought I had a bright orange t-shirt on which was actually on the stool next to my bed), I then went into another dream where I was being attacked by a poltergeist who was forcing me into a cupboard using the cupboard door to do the forcing. I then woke up properly, and went back to sleep with no further recalled dreams.

Summary:
A very enjoyable experience although the euphoria seems to reach a plateau and taking more does not increase it, even the nightmares were good as they were particularly vivid. Once the euphoria ceases it does not seem to be reachable again until the effects have completely warn off. An excellent way to finish off a bad week, a mild and friendly drug, just it's not something to take if I want to get off my face. My wife didn't notice anything strange about me during this period and she was not aware I had taken anything. It made me feel like nothing mattered (e.g. my job). I've tried a few legal highs, most of which did absolutely nothing for me but Sceletium worked. Other stuff that worked Damiana as a tea (smoking did nothing but the tea made me feel very lazy and sedated), and blue lotus (soaked in alcohol, very nice sedation, carefree, warming).