I live in Central Fl, and i gotta say there isnt much to this place. But one day a few friends of mine from school told me about this party they were all havin over another friends house and there were gonna be people rolling....me i had never done E before and had been wanting to try it so i told them i would be there.  
 
About 8pm we arrived at the party and someone told me that everyone was gonna wait to take there beans, but as i soon found out people were already rolling.  i walked around a talked to a few friends, and soon was hooked up with 2 Ecstacy pills.  I grabbed a glass of water and chewed them up like everyone had told me.  I gotta say that is the most disgusting taste ever.  But needless to say after about 20 minutes of thinking it was a waste of my time, I suddenly felt a wave of heat come over me.  A few of my friends walked over to me and asked if it had started to kick in yet and all i could do was look up and them and smile.  Everything on my body was tingling and my mood had shot way up, i was probably the happiest person at the party that night.  In one of the bedrooms there were strobe lights and an enormous amount of techno music playing, i soon found my way into that room and had a blast.  Everyone had glow sticks and were dancing, just remembering this party puts me in a good mood everytime.  But soon things were gonna get out of hand.  

About 3 hours after taking my first 2 pills, i was starting to come down.  It felt more mentally addicting than anything.  Like i needed it to have a constant happiness.  So i walked around the party and found a friend who still had a few more pills.  I talked him out of 2 more and walked around for another 10 minutes.  I heard other people at the party talking about crushing up the pills and snorting them like it was cocaine.  So i had wanted to try it and find out it was true.  I found an empty spot in the bedroom and crushed them up with my FL Drivers Liscence and made them into 4 lines, then cut a straw in half and snorted 2 lines like it was nothing.  I got a strong burning sensation in my sinuses and got the 'drip' as many people call it.  The second my nose was burning from the pills i could feel my self lifting up.  so I called a friend over and told him what i had done and encouraged him to snort the other 2 lines. 

It hadn't been but 15 minutes after snorting a half of a tablet, and i felt too good.  I had been dancing a lot and needed a break. On my way to the living room i had fallen to the ground and started to shake violently, as if i were having a sieasure.  i could hear what was going on around me but i couldnt see and i couldnt stop shaking.....what i heard was a lot of my friends yelling at me and telling me to snap out of it and try to calm me down.  after about a minute and a half of violent shakes i had calmed down enough to comprehend everything.  I got up and ran to the bathroom and threw upevrywhere.  As soon as i was finished blowing chunks, everyone i knew at the party was asking me if i was alright and all i could tell them i didnt want to do it any more, and about an hour later i was starting to cmoe down and it made me feel better.

I would say to anyone that ecstacy was a good drug, untill you over do it.  Be very careful, drink a lot of water, and dont take to many of them.  BE SAFE!!