I wrote a report on my experiences of Sinicuichi at work today, mentioning and how it comes on like Salvia at first for me. Tonight I had a related experience, but much more comical than most meetings with La Maria. I went outside on my porch to smoke a bowl of Kanna. There was a thunderstorm going on outside, which is nice to watch from the relative safety of my front stoop. I packed a decent sized bowl, lit it up, and took a hit. It tasted different from what I remembered, and as I exhaled, it dawned on me that it wasn't kanna at all, but Sinicuichi! I had mixed the two vials up, as both are identical and are filled at the same level with plant material. I knew I should have smelled them to make sure I had it right, but now the sinicuichi was coming on strong. I felt the salvia-like dissociation come over me, followed by entering somewhere like the salvia-verse, but Sinicuichi is much more friendier to me than La Madre is. I'd say Sini is Salvia's kind, light-hearter, funny uncle. The after effects produce the same kind of contentment sensation that 'everything is going to be ok.'  

Anyway, as it dawned on me that I had mistaken the Sini for Kanna, I heard a voice(s) like I hear on Salvia, but it was the voice of the 'funny uncle' I mentioned. It took the form of the trees a few feet away from my porch, and they were laughing WITH me that I had messed up. It was like having a funny moment with a bunch of friends, where you genuinely laugh at yourself for doing or saying something dumb. 'We' were all thinking 'oh man, that was a good one. You fucked that up bro!' The spiritual/ally aspect faded quickly, but I still was giggling about it minutes afterward. This all sounds very weird because it is. 

I am now left with the contentment and relaxation phase. Some sound distortions have followed, for example, my sister has just dropped something in the bathroom down the hall, but it sounds like it fell at the foot of my bed.

I have to say that I am growing quite fond of Sinicuichi, maybe even more than marijuana. It really feels like it is in some way related to Salvia in my opinion (maybe because they are both from Mexico?), but much more gentle, friendly, nowhere near as over powering and not at all ego shattering, and certainly has a much more jovial sense of humor!