I recently aquired 16mg of 2C-t-2. It came to me as a white crystal substance. I was curious to see how it compared to 2C-i, a chemical which I have mixed feelings about. Anyways, at midnight I snorted 16mg of 2c-t-2, and swallowed 2mg of Ativan, a benzo similar to Valium or Xanax. I took the Ativan to calm myself during the trip, I believe it calmed my nerves and allowed me to enjoy the trip to the fullest extent. I was in a positive mindset before the trip, and I took it alone. 

I had smoked a bowl of ganja an hour before ingesting, and am currently taking Paxil CR 25mg daily. I dont beleive it lessened the trip much, if at all, as it does with LSD. The 2c-t-2 took a few minutes to start working. The come-up was very strong, all of a sudden I found myself in a land of colors. This caused me a lot of anxiety at first, but once I became accustomed to how the 2c-t-2 universe worked, I started to enjoy myself very much. Whenever I looked at an object, it would constantly change shape and forms. All matter seemed to emit colors and particles of light. My bed changed colors constantly, from purple to pink to other very vibrant colors. I could see light trails from everything, as if every object I looked at was somehow connected with trails of light. I hope this makes sense, its difficult to describe. 

I found this chemical to be mostly visual, not so much auditory or psychological. Intensely visual, nonetheless. Rainbows of light would be emmited from the floor, and even the most dull surfaces would come alive with a specrum of color. I looked at some sheets, and they turned into dozens of small faces, which rotated around in circles. I felt like I could see the particles that made up all matter. I was perfectly content just sitting on my couch, looking at everything change shapes, forms, and colors. For instance, I focused on a candle, and I ended up looking at it for about an hour. Fascinating indeed. When the trip started, I became very anxious, but once I became accustomed to how the chemical was working, I relaxed and enjoyed the trip. This also may have been the Ativan kicking in. One of the most memorable moments of the trip was when I looked in a mirror. I saw myself change into an old man whom I didn't recognize, then I saw my body growing larger, and then change into a lion, then into a caveman. I backed away from the mirror, astonished. 

All in all, this trip was extremley fun, although my friend who took the same dosage found it to be too intense. 2c-t-2 is usually found in 8mg dosages, and cost me $15 per 8mg. The trip was very strong for about 3 1/2 hours with the peak occuring at about 1-2 hours into, and the comedown was gradual and not unpleasant. I had no trouble sleeping 4 hours after ingesting the drug. A profound visual trip, and not so much a life altering experience. I had no trouble walking during the trip, but I didn't try talking. I tried listening to music, although I didn't find it as interesting as just looking at ordinary objects. I didn't feel like I needed a sitter, but I'm also fairly experienced with psychedelics. I'll definitely try this again. I didn't feel hung over the next day, or felt any other ill side effects.