Went drinking and drank 4 shots of expensive tequila, Petrone and 30/30.  Was highly intoxicated and went to a friends house.  While there I suggested that we smoke some pot which she has in her house most of the time.  I have smoked pot less than 10 times my entire life and most of the time, the experiences have made me sick but I decided I would try again in case it had some cool effect.  I was trying to find out the reason my friends smoke it every day. 
 
Shortly after smoking, my husband suggested we leave and by this time, I was having trouble walking.  I was practically carried to the car and my husband told me that I needed to sober up, that I was scaring him.  He handed me a bottle of water.  I started drinking it, but then realized that I couldn't get my throat to swallow the water.  I started choking and my husband said I was just allowing the water to pour out in my lap.  I then curled my fingers (so my husband says) into tight balls and become very rigid all over my body.  I started to convulse and my facial features distorted.  My husband stopped the car and jumped out and ran around to me.  He held me and I grabbed him back and wouldn't let go.  I continued to convulse and could not answer him.  I don't remember this part.  

What I remember is trying to focus on his voice and going in and out of consciousness.  I truly felt as if I were dying the small moments that I was aware of my surroundings.  Between passing in and out of consciousness, I felt like each time, I wasn't going to be able to come back to his voice, to my body.  I remember losing all sense of myself in my current position of life.  I couldn't remember my age, ( my husband was trying to ask me questions so he could be assured that I was okay)  I thought it was 8 years ago in my life.  I couldn't remember what I had done that evening.  I could tell when a seizure was coming on because my body would stiffen and all my muscles would tighten. It would scare me and I was crying.  I was going in and out of consciousness and my husband would not just let me pass out for fear of something really bad happening.  He kept asking me if I needed him to take me to the hospital while we were driving home.  I said no but he considered it anyways.  

I thought in between convulsion periods that I was dying and I wouldn't ever see my kids again.  It scared me when I felt like the convulsion periods were getting longer.  I was afraid that I wouldn't wake up from one of them.  I think that my husband was afraid of the same thing too.  He hadn't smoked any of the pot.  When we finally arrived home, after him having to pull over and hold me during the convulsions, I came directly in and the walking made me throw up.  I threw up violently and then he put me in the shower, which I don't remember.  Then I remember throwing up again.  He stayed with me for fear of more convulsions.  I blacked out for about 45 minutes while still functioning, and then I came two.  

I finally passed out for good about 2 hours after smoking and throwing up several times.  I am unsure why I was convulsing.  I have never had seizures in my life.  I hope that I haven't harmed anything in my brain.  I have had alcohol poisoning in my life.  Since that time, I have sleep paralysis where I awaken my mind during sleep but cannot get my body to move.  I think something was harmed during my first alcohol poisoning.  I hope that nothing was harmed with the last episode.  I will never smoke pot again.