Ingestion Time: 12:36 AM

This was written in the peak:
The whole thing started when I saw the expression 'day tripping' in a report. Seeing as though I had some pills left from the time I was given this medicine as a mood stabilizer I thought I'd triple the dose (I was still under the daily dosage with only 3 pills) and take it before school. Just to see how school is when I'm on a mood-altering (and mood stabilizers, strange how something given to prevent mania can make you feel so good about your surroundings) drugs. So I swallowed them with a full glass of water. btw the mindset before taking this was ok. Not anxious. Not nervous. No fears about what I'm about to do. 

Here my teacher comes in so the next text was written after I got home. Great day. I also wrote in my math notebook :'16:39| 10.05.2006 Total Euphoria' (lol written in kind of a square sun). Still feeling quite happy about the world... And this is like 7 or 8 hours after the start of effects. Gee if this stuff had a comedown it would have been pretty brutal. It sort of creeped up on me. Gradually, then suddenly, with quite a mental boom. I would call the experience positive, although I did exhibit some of the side effects I.E agitation, changes in behavior and I can't even think about what kind of abnormal wacky dreams I'll have tonight. 

But the stuff really is pretty neat. I envy people that get this dosage daily. I felt no pain even being punched in the arm by a boxer...I'm pretty sure it wasn't his strongest shot but he has something against me. I could feel the strong impact but it didn't bother me at all after like 2 seconds. People around say I got red after I was hit.
Anyway enough about that. 
	
I can't really describe the feeling. Imagine if u can taking methylphenidate but with less intensity of physical stimulus. Just the feeling of blood rushing in the extremities and like seeing the world through pink glasses. That 's'all good' feeling. No troubles. No problems. Living the moment kind of feeling. I can't say I did something like as if tomorrow doesn't matter but after my behavior today I'm feeling anxious (and it's the first time in the last 24 hours) about school tomorrow. It's been like 9 hours since I swallowed the pills. I can almost feel like it's leaving my blood. Starting to feel sorry about some of the things I did today. It's my first day trip. I didn't do (and I'm glad I didn't) any particularly strange stuff. Just symptoms similar to hyperactivity.
	
I'm really glad it didn't make me feel like redosing. Lol I still made sure, just in case, that when I take stuff that might make me feel good  that I won't even have the option of taking another dose (like when I might feel like taking another dose when on opiates, stimulants. and due to this method I make sure I can not take another dose. It's worked for me so far. And I'm happy it did) Seems like a great 'pick-me-up' drug but I'm not planning to do this in the near future 'cause I see the potential for psychological addiction. And if you don't see it just understand this question I asked myself: 'Why not  take something that makes me feel this good, was prescribed particularly  for me, if it's not physically addicting and the only bad side practically is that it makes me act strange'. I'm already strange as is. 
	
I can't really describe the peak. It was like life was pink, and every breath of air I took made me feel more and more euphoric. I'm glad that subsided eventually 'cause if it hadn't I might have had a full blown mania to handle. I have never taken anything that made me feel like this. I can't understand how a mood-stabilizing drug made me feel so happy. Recalling the day, and the dose I took, I feel I have to mention this. I think placebo had a large effect on me today.
	
I don't know if it matters, but yesterday evening I took 2 mg of Haloperidol at home. 
	
I don't think I have an 'addicting personality'. So far I haven't had any problems with opiates, marijuana, stimulants and anything that might cause psychological addiction. Although take under consideration that the only illegal schedule I substance I used is hashish. And all in all I haven't [yet] consumed a lot of drugs and medicines. 

I think my obssesion of drugs is growing, too fast, too furious.