OK if I would have known what we were about to get into I would have been a little bit more cautious about how much I drank.

OK here goes, it was 5 of us in a small car and we were looking for alcohol. We tried to purchase it at about 5 convenience stores but all wanted an id that we didn't have. So someone comes up with the idea that we should break into a hunters club cabin in the backwoods. We drove into the sticks of Pennsylvania and walked for about a half hour before we found the cabin we were looking for. We broke in and took many bottles of assorted alcohol (vodka Bacardi tequila). We drove to my friends house (no parents) and began to mix vodka with orange juice in big cups. I proceeded to have about 3 cups of 50/50 vodka and orange juice. I began to not be able to walk barely at all, but somehow we managed to start mixing Bacardi 151 and orange juice. I had about 2 cups of that and went to go chill outside on the deck. I was pretty calm, even when my friend A.J. pulled a pistol on me, when he was intoxicated also. I laid on the cool concrete with my brother and my other friend.

The place where we were staying at had a large blue water tower in the yard right next to ours. The last thing I remember is looking up at that water tower and feeling tranquil and a little bit giggly. I was unaware of anyone else or anything else but the water tower. The water tower looked like a giant UFO hovering above us, my friends also had their own renditions of what they visualized it as.

I blacked out. I don't know what I was doing but I wasn't conscious of anything at all and I have no recollection of what happened in the next three hours.

The next memory I had was cleaning up barf that I didn't believe was mine. I believed my brother had tricked me into cleaning his own barf... I had a severe hangover for 2 days and felt sickest I've ever been. I will never be able to drink vodka again, and the faintest smell of it makes me nauseated. I learned my lesson, not to drink the hard stuff!!