Location: A good buddy's room
Sitter: my long-time friend (P)
Body Weight: approx 83kg (185lbs)
Height: 6'1'
Gender: Male 
Age: 19
Duration: The peak lasted about 15-20 minutes. It had completely worn off in 30-45 minutes.

Salvia is, by far, the strangest drug that I've ever encountered. I had a friend of mine hospitalized for a short period because instead of having a sitter, his friends all did it at once and he ended up hurting himself and came very close to death. Anyways... with that said, let's get to the experience. I had been researching Salvia online for quite some time as well as talking to friends who have done it before, and I decided that it was a drug that I would be like to try. I purchased a gram of 20xExtract from a local store and had been hesitant about taking it because of what I had heard about its intensity. 

The night that I decided to try it had not been planned and was completely spur of the moment.  I was at P's house and we were talking about his experience with it, when he asked if I would like to give it a shot. I agreed and zipped home to grab it along with my pipe. 

Upon returning P had prepared his room for a regular pleasant hallucinogenic trip. We had muffled coloured lights, a rather comfortable bed for me to lie on, and the Flaming Lips on stereo. P packed me half a bowl in his pipe and we were set. He kindly held the pipe for me while I lit it and took the biggest drag that I possibly could. Upon holding it in for approximately 30 seconds, I was wondering when it would kick in. My lungs started to shout for some air, so I let my breath out and as I did so, the door frame of P's room started to oscillate wildly back and forth. 'Hoooly shit! This is.... "I distractedly exclaimed. Then as if I had forgotten that I was high, I stared directly at the smoldering pipe which was in P's hand and said in an indignant low voice 'It's THAT STUFF!' while pointing at it with horror in my mind. I dreamily heard P's voice float from somewhere that I could not see 'Dude, do you need some more?' 

Now, this is where it started to get crazy. I remember myself replying calmly with 'No thanks, I'm good.' But according to P I looked at him with a wild look in my eyes and said 'Now you, none of that now... y... you stop that now.' with a mixture of horror and paranoia in my voice. After I calmed down, I took a gander around his room, and noticed that the walls had started imploding in a sort of heavy breathing motion. As they came close and got tighter, P and his recliner got squished into one of the corners and it became undoubtedly clear to me that the world was coming to an end via the universe imploding. 

I watched in helpless terror as the mattress that I was laying on started to roll me up tightly and then the room finished its implosion and was compacted into a sort of squishy, marshmallow/foam ball which proceeded to roll around aimlessly with P and me inside. I seem to remember the thought occurring to me of what I would do if someone called looking for me (I had not told anyone where I was going), but it was quickly dismissed because I knew that anyone who would be wondering where I was would be trying to cope with their own imploding houses. At some point during this time I suppose that I asked P to turn off the music. It seemed as though it was the anthem to the end of the world, and if I could somehow stop the music, then the world would be safe. With such a seemingly perilous scenario playing out with me in the middle, I couldn't help but realize the ridiculous nature of it. To P, it just looked as though I was rolling back and forth on his bed, laughing, and talking gibberish for about ten minutes.

After rolling back and forth for a while longer, I accidentally rolled off of P's bed and onto the floor next to the electric heater. I sat up with confusion on my face. I was still high, but I was back to reality at least. 

I heard P say 'Dang, that must be pretty warm.' 

I looked at him with a thick mask of extreme paranoia and suspicion over my face. 

'What's that suppose to mean?' I guardedly whispered at him. '

Well, I mean... you're right beside the heater.' 

I looked to my right and saw that I was practically half-sitting on it. 'Oh... yeah.' I said. Then my body temperature seemed to skyrocket so I took off my jacket, then my sweater, and socks, and ended up just in my pants and t-shirt. I felt so hot and nothing I could do would cool me off. I climbed back onto the bed and it felt really unstable, like it was a waterbed. I felt deeply restless and fidgety. I kept getting up and moving around for no reason, and at one point I remember P taking his phone and pressing some buttons on it. I got totally freaked out because I thought that he was calling one of our friends to tell them how fucked up I was. I got really frightened and asked him in a nervous quiet voice if he could stop, and he did so. After another minute or two I got back up and started trying to explain to him what had all happened. By this time I was pretty coherent and had at least a basic understanding of what was going on, though he filled me in on quite a few of the details that I didn't remember.

All in all I would say that it wasn't a bad trip, but wasn't overly enjoyable either... though it made for some good memories. I've taken it in smaller dosages since with more pleasant experiences.