I first tried acid when I was 17 years old. I've never had much interest in drugs. Having smoked pot on several occasions and having never really enjoyed it, I stuck to alcohol. But my best friend, Mary, had tried acid a few times and liked it, and I started to become curious. After much thought, I decided one Friday to cut school with Mary and trip for the first time. I deliberately brought a few toys to entertain us, some water bottles and lollipops (Mary had said she enjoyed sucking on candy while tripping). I also wore comfortable clothes and sneakers, as Mary had said that if an item of clothing is bothering you at all, its annoyance will be heightened while tripping.

I arrived at Mary's house around 11:45 in the morning and we took the tabs at 12 noon. She, having tripped before, took 2 tabs while I only took a half of one (we had been told by the dealer that each tab was a bit strong so to take them in moderation). We waited around in her house for about an hour, listening to music and going online. Hers started to kick in within the hour, while I still felt nothing. I was disappointed that I wasn't feeling any different, but I was also scared to take another tab because I didn't know what to expect. We left her house and I decided to take another 1/2 a tab (one full tab so far, supposedly at extra strength).
 
We met up with a few friends of ours (who didn't know we were tripping) and drove around in their car with them. I still didn't feel any different inwardly but I became slightly more giggly and my friends asked if we had been drinking. We said yes so they wouldn't wonder what was up. I seemingly lost my inhibitions a bit: I started dancing and singing in front of everyone, and was having a good time. I still didn't get any visuals and all my surroundings looked the same. As this had gone on for about another hour, I decided something. I didn't plan on ever doing acid again (I just wanted the experience), so I figured I should take another tab to ensure that I got the most out of the experience. At this point my friends who weren't tripping were playing a game and Mary and I each took another whole tab. 

The second this tab entered my mouth I felt an inward change. I'm not sure if this was the previous tab kicking in or the one I had just taken was really strong. Either way, Mary had the same reaction and said that my head had just 'spun out of control' and that the 'trees were all fuzzy.' I still didn't have any visuals but I definitely felt strange, so we left my other friends and decided to walk around. 

I noticed a number of things as the second tab kicked in. Any food I ate had hardly any taste. I couldnt tell how loud I or Mary were speaking. I wasn't sure if we were acting normal or if we were causing a scene. Everyone around us seemed to be speaking a foreign language. We were walking at what we thought was normal speed, but people were passing by us at a rapid rate so we figured we must be walking very slow. It was as if, all of a sudden, we realized that we were tripping and we weren't sure how we had been acting towards people up until that point. In one sense I was worried about this (and I did not want to see anyone that I knew for fear of acting very bizarre in front of them), but in another, I was glad I realized what I was doing and that anything I saw wasn't real. 

As the evening wore on (it had probably been around 2 hours since I took the 2nd tab), everything around me developed a blue tint. Colors were glowing, I noticed lots of patterns and I could spot every light around me for about a mile because they were glowing stronger. My body felt mushy and soft, and my fingers felt fat and bloated. I was afraid to look in the mirror because I had heard that you can see your skin melting off of you and I wasn't sure I was ready to handle that. I started yearning to see my mother. One definite realization I had while tripping was how much I loved and needed my mother. I also had a male interest at the time, and my desire for him grew stronger during the trip as well. I kept blessing myself with the sign of the cross, but did not realize I was doing it until Mary pointed it out. 

Mary and I walked around for about another hour. At this point it was about 6:30 in the evening and it was getting dark out. We decided to go to my friend Martin's house and sit around until we came down completely. We watched Martin and his friends play Super Mario, and every level moved so slowly that I thought each one was a water level. Martin was also playing the guitar, and the sound coming from it seemed to stick to him and travel wherever he went. Another hour of this, and we left. Now it was raining out, and the rain splashing in the puddles looked like pins stabbing at water balloons. The splash caused by the rainddrops seemed to be leaping out of the puddle instead of entering it. My friends were smoking cigarettes and the smoke was flowing and beautiful. 

Mary and I returned to her house at about 10:45 at night. We watched television for a few hours, while the walls in her room were still moving and my body still felt soft and mushy. I tried to recite a few prayers in my head but kept losing my train of thought as I went along. 
I went home (alone) at about 2 in the morning. I was still sort of tripping but had come down considerably. It took me about 4 hours to fall asleep. 

I had figured the whole time that this would be my only time tripping, because I dislike the feeling of not being able to have control over my surroundings. With acid, you don't know exactly what to expect. I was disapointed that I didn't really get any visuals, which is something that may make me want to try it again. Since having done it, I feel like I have a higher perception of sound and I am more sensitive to rapid movement. Also, I do feel a greater sense of faith (perhaps because God got me through the trip safely). I didn't feel a great sense of happiness while on acid, but I also didn't feel sad...it was somewhat neutral with perhaps a few new insights. I wouldn't discourage people from trying it as long as you are not stupid about it: I recommend, for your first time, not combining it with any other drugs and making sure you have a house to be in in case you feel like you need to be indoors.

All in all acid was an enjoyable yet alienating experience.