My tripping partner R. and I met up to have a 2ci trip. But at 4:20pm out of complete spontaneity, we decided to take a drop each of this acid i had + the 20mg doses of 2ci.
Note: R. wasn't feeling too good because he had drank a lot the night before and puked. Also we hadn't eaten much at all that day.

An hour later we were walking by a river when R. is experiencing stomach discomfort, nausea etc. He ends up puking and then feels a bit better. Still no sign of tripping.
Its been about 2 hours when I experience extremely noticeable effects of acid. The usual fractal patterns, euphoria, melting, etc. After about 5 hours since launch of good acid tripping in my room, we still haven't felt any of the 2ci, and I had not done it before, while R. had.

We go to my friends to hit some hash bowls. At this point were a little bit past the peak of the acid trip. After taking about 4 big rips... I wait.

Note: this hash is extremely potent and high quality.

Blast off... I am shot straight into hyperspace, looking at the reality of reality itself. It seems that the hash has cooked this stagnant stew of chemicals, 2ci and acid, in my brain and brought them to a boil. I'm experiencing a trip like no other I've experienced. Every bit of sensory input is felt as distinct alien emotions. It was what is described as synthesisia. I was riding a roller coaster of strange feelings, but my perspective was out of this universe looking down on it even though i had 0 control over my feelings. 

Visuals became extremely intense, anything my mind thought of was projected visually and emotionally. This new trip did not feel comforting, warm, and euphoric like acid. It was harsh, mechanical, and alien. Light seemed to be divided in a multi-planar spectrum going in through different dimensions revealing pulsating blues, greens, and reds - the primary colors. I felt immediatley like this was the hardest I've ever tripped period. 

My perspective was sooo far removed from anyone elses. I had complete psychic connection with everything. The digital mechanical drum beat that was being played was felt as that harsh metal emotion within my body. Everything was similar to this, everything being transmitted into emotion. I saw that these energies were what existed in the reality of someone extremely aware and removed from the perspective of the typical physically aware human perspective. I'm an extremely psychically sensitive person by nature, so the trip was just enhancing these attributes. 

Even though I enjoyed the trip, I wanted to come down. I had to force myself to eat because I had no desire to and my body rejected it. I didn't come down for about 5 hours after. I was riding a rollercoaster of emotions while my perspective was like an overview of the universe - in terms of reality/consciousness.

I would compare the intensity of the that 5 hour 2ci blast period to DMT! But obviously much different.