I had surgery for my shoulder a month ago, and I was put in this enormous brace, restraining movement for a month. It was very uncomfortable and the swelling and pain was immense. They gave me 2 oxycodones every 4 hours, that didn't do a thing. I told the nurse I was still having pain, and she gave me 4ml of morphine into my muscle, and not through the IV. That still didn't kill the pain, just made me sleepy. She gave me 2ml more. 3 hours after the anesthesia block wore away, the pain was extraordinary.

That was all the doctors or nurses were aloud to do. Morphine should work. Well, not in my case. Only the doctor could give me the morphine, and I don't know if they thought I was faking it or what, but it sure did hurt. They decided to take me back to the recovery room to put me on some heavy duty anesthesia that only my anesthesiologist from the surgery could give me.

I recall hearing the name starting with D, happened to be Dilaudid, which is Hydromorphone. They put me on a pump, giving me 10ml every hour, and I had a button, if I needed more, it would give me 2ml only once every 10 minutes, and no more than 5 times an hour. That really killed the pain. I got to go up to my room in the hospital, but I had to be put on monitors and such.

After I came back to the room, it was no longer giving me the 10ml every hour, and so I ended up pressing it non-stop, wanting more to kill the pain.

It did, but the time spans in between the doses weren't stressful.

I felt very woozy, the air seemed to vibrate like on LSD, trails of movement. If I moved my head, everything stood still, and only then my vision shifted and very quickly. It was heavy stuff.

It also helped me get to sleep. But these dreams were incredible. The second I closed my eyes, I was dreaming, but in this dream I feel like I just opened my eyes. As if my dream was where I woke up from a dream. It seemed so realistic, because I couldn't get any deep sleep and I was used to waking every so often, but I was well rested and each 30min of sleep felt like a whole night, so by the end of the day I felt like I was in the hospital for a week.

I still hadn't eaten anything or barely drank. It was all going through my IV.

Back to the dream. I felt as if I had just awoke. I feel like I get up, which at that point I was unable to do, or found very difficult. And I would take a stroll around the hospital, maybe jog a little, and come back to my room. But suddenly in my bed, I see a 6 foot glass of milk. So I'm confused at what to do. I wake up, shouting, 'why milk???'. That seemed odd.

I vaguely recall many of my other dreams, but they incorporated absurdly random things. Each dream may have no lasted more than 30 seconds. The moment I closed my eyes I was dreaming something different, which I would describe to the amusement of my family.

It was fun without the pain, but in the intervals between it, the pain was quite intense. I am now just out of the brace, and the pain is coming back. They gave me a prescription for oxycodone, that I ran through a while ago when it wasn't working. I went to my doctor and got roxicodone prescribed, which was very difficult to get at the pharmacy WITH a prescription.

I still have some left, but I no longer have my hands on it.