I have suffered from chronic, debilitating migraines since the onset of puberty and I am now 48 years old. I have tried traditional medicine, acupuncture, homeopathy, chiropractics and herbal remedies, without success. At times, these migraines last for 3-5 days, and can recur several times a month.

I have experimented with both psilocybin and LSD in the past, and when doing research, I discovered that both substances were being considered for medical research into cluster headaches and migraines.

After reading this information, I decided to use psilocybin in an attempt to prevent / reduce the frequency & intensity of my migraines.

I had a positive attitude towards this experiment, and looked forward to pain relief/ prevention/reduction.  I have conducted this experiment over approximately a 3 month period (with the intent to find relief for migraines). 

I consciously create a pleasant, relaxed environment with low lighting and good music, in the comfort of my own home. Most of the time, I have used Mexican Cubensis alone, but have used them with a friend on occasion. 

During this time I have used them approximately every 7 – 10 days. I have not used them during a migraine, but rather when I was not in pain. I choose Cubensis because they are relatively freely available and inexpensive. I used a dosage of 7 grams each time, because that was the dosage I had previously used recreationally. In addition, I know that I have a high tolerance for prescription medication and recreation drugs alike. I generally make a tea with them, using hot water and honey to extract the active ingredient.

I have not used any prescription medication during this time, but I do take the herb Rhodiola Rosea on a daily basis for stress reduction and other physical benefits.

All of my experiences with Cubensis have been extremely pleasant. On several occasions I have found myself basking in pure light. I have felt a sense of connectedness with the universe, felt a sense of "falling into eternity" and journeyed into realms of colorful symbols, and seen vivid geometrical structures in the sky and in my room. I have also perceived a sense of multidimensional reality. Music has become a multi-sensory experience of color, symbols, vivid images, texture and occasionally even smells.

The results of this experiment have transcended the original goal in many ways. First of all, I did experience a dramatic decrease in frequency and duration of migraines. During the 3 month period I only experienced 2 migraines as opposed to the usual 10 – 12. Instead of lasting 3-5 days, the two migraines I did get, only lasted 24-36 hours. Aside from this, I noticed the following emotional / psychological / spiritual effects: greater empathy for people (I work as a counselor), more patience, increased sense of inner peace, creative problem solving strategies come to mind more readily, spiritually I frequently feel a sense of oneness with the universe.

I have written this report in response the material I have read regarding migraine research. Since doing my own "clinical trial", I have not needed to request refills for prescriptions related to migraines such as painkillers ( Tylenol 3 & Toradol), medication to stop an attack ( Ergotamine a.k.a. Cafergot), or Beta Blockers. Aside from chronic migraines, I don't have any other medical, or psychiatric conditions.I