Bad First Time

I was in NYC with my friend steve looking for some hits of acid but we werent doing too good.  An oriental girl came up to me and asked me if I wanted any PCP.  I figured I wasnt going to get any acid so I bought a full stoges worth dipped ["Fully dipped Camel"] and swooshed all around in the cheeze.  Steve and I went back to NJ and I wanted to save that stoggie for a good time. I dropped him off and headed to a lame ass party my friend told me to go to.  

Maybe I stood there for 1 minute and told my buddy to come smoke that dipped stoggie and he said he didnt do that shit.  In my mind I was thinking ok...more for me so I went to my car, which was the only place I could go to do any sort of drug.  I had no idea how many hits of that stoggie I was supposed to take but I ended up locking myself in my own car and smoking the whole thing by myself.  

All I remember is losing myself in crazy thoughts thinking I was driving in a parked car.  I could hear loud deep noises from cars that would pass by and my friends were knocking on my window because I had been chilling in my car EXTREMLY ruined. I looked to my left where they were banging but I couldnt see them at all.  My friend said it took about 20 mins for me to open the lock on the door.  They carried me to the back of the house and laid me on the grass.  I knew I was being carried and I knew something was wrong but I didnt kno who I was, where I was, what was going on, and what the fuck I just did.  My buddy agreed with everyone that he should take my keys and drive me home even though he didnt have a liscense.  

He took me home and carried me to my door and my parents were flipping out.  My dad took me and carried me to the hospital.  When I got to the hospital I dont remember really what they did but I remember when I went home the next day.  A week later someone told me that your only supposed to hit it around 4-8 times and I just smoked the whole thing....good thing it wasnt camel 100's or I would have beed dead!