Backround information, I smoke alot, well I used to do alot more than I do now, but a while ago probably in december of 2001 I bought a 20 sack of unknown quality from an unreliable source. I usally smoke everynight if I have it by myself so that night I rolled a joint, I take pride in my joints as they come out as perfectly round even and never lumpy. 

I dont remember the timing because I was to fucked up, but I smoke the joint out of my window, something wasnt right about this weed, I just figured it was a really different kind than my normal. I pack 2 bowls and smoke them then repeat the whole process over again. 

This is where it starts getting wierd. I lay on my bed and I instantly cannot feel anything below my eyes, but this was a different than the feeling I used to get, I reach down and pick up my cd player and put it on, I think it was pink floyd, but I remember the music was playing in slow motion, I closed my eyes and saw a man running with the music and he was running really really slowly. After about ten minutes of me staring at the wall seeing weird shit, I could swear I saw something trying to come throught the wall, stretching it out as it tryed to push through. I got bored of the music and wanted it to change to this tune I had in my head...and it did, without me touching the cd player, I wanted it to be brighter in my room and it happened, I walked out of my room and heard my mom snoring, I thought it was funny but I couldnt move any part of my body exept for my legs, I still coudnt feel anything, it was  like a nice numbness, im walking around the house changing anything I wanted but only a suttle difference but I could still change anything I wanted, I made my cat laydown and walk in a circle with my mind..thats when it hit me...

I'M GOD, thats what I was thinking, I'm god and I never realized it before, I couldnt really think of anything other than that, I started talking to my cat and it understood me, because I am god. It listened to everyword I had to say. I eventually went back to my room and looked in the mirror, my eyes werent blood shot or even red, they were bulging out of thier sockets, they were extremly open and I wanted to punch the wall for somereason, I became bloodthirsty so I took a knife from the floor and stuck about 1/3 of an inch in my leg, I didnt feel shit, blood was oozing out and I saw that my head was on an elevator, I would be on my bed then above my bed, like really above my bed, then below on the floor. I calmed down because I was slighly bugging and smoked a cigarette, I was still thinking I was god, so I looked at the smoke and wanted it to twirl around itself...and it did.

I just did shit like that the rest of the night, I finally fell asleep around 5 or 6, I was just bugged out, I remember being pinned to the floor and I was trying to get up but a really strong force was knocking me down.

The next day I had this weird feeling and came to the conclusion that there was pcp or acid in the pot, I really didnt mind to much. But next time I'd rather know.