My friends and I were bored one day and being that we are in Germany, we thought we would stop in and explore a German head shop.  The place was full of the usual products you would expect to see in a headshop, except that on the counter was a sign that said 'Hawaiian Woodrose.'  A friend of mine asked what it was, and the guy gave us a brief description of it being like a mild trip on LSD.  We bought 10 seeds for 20 DM (about 10 bucks) and headed out on our way.  

The next day we popped some seeds in at about 2 pm.  The guy at the head shop had instructed us to first scrape all of the yellow coating off of the seeds, if you did not do this you would get very sick and nauseated.  You were to then bite down on the seeds and just hold them there for awhile.  After a while, we started munching harder and harder on them and they started breaking up into tiny seed chunks in our mouth.  I have to tell you that this is the worst taste that I have ever encountered.  I did not want to eat alot of food, for fear of combatting the trip, but I did drink a Pepsi so as to mask the taste. It only half worked, the seeds are very potent tasting.  

Within an hour I was tripping hard. No hallucinations or anything mind you, but just a stoned feeling.  I felt like I  was thinking a thousand words a minute, but when I tried to talk, I could not!!! I would conscienciously think, ok, talk. But I would not be able to! My friends and I watched a movie and then went outside and sat on a picnic table.  We sat there for what felt like two hours.  Probably so, now that I think about it.  Everything was just so entertaining and amusing.  I was just staring at the ground with this intense peace of mind like everything was gonna be alright.  We sat there giggling for awhile like little children.  After awhile, we went inside and made some home made nachos and relaxed cuz my girlfriend got a severe case of the munchies.  We all ate and the trip quickly started to subside. But this was after about four hours.  

Later on, I thought the trip had ended, but my girlfriend and I had sex.  Sex was very intense and I realized it was still affecting me. I could have gone on forever I think.  Afterwards, I think the physical activity re-released the drug into my brain because I started to trip more.  I started thinking of memories that I had not had since I was a little boy.  Things that I used to think about as a child, and had slowly, with time, forgotten.  But these memories were all rushing back to me.  I felt a dire urge to call back home and just talk, to reminisce about things.  I don't know, it was very strange.  But once again I was very at ease with everything; family, my girlfriend, the future...  

Anyways, the next day, I was not tripping, but I still felt really good and at ease with everything and I talked with my girlfriend about it and she realized I had changed for the better too.  I was more at ease with things that before had troubled me between her and I.  Even today, I think I have been slightly changed on the more positive side since then.  I have done seeds since, both times with three seeds and the taste gets worse every time. I don't think I can handle the taste anymore, the last time I almost puked and could not get rid of the taste for what seemed like a couple of days.  Also, the first time I had a mild burning sensation behind my knees under my leg, and with each subsequent trip, it gets worse and worse!!! I think I am done with them for awhile, but it was definitely an interesting and worthwhile experience!