My friend, recently getting into the rave scene, decided to come over to my house and drop a pill with me. It sounded like it would be a lot of fun, so I agreed. We invited a couple more people over, burstroc, bunny, and glassfist. burstroc and glassfist just smoked a bunch of pot, while bunny, jesus and I dropped E. However, it was burstroc's first time smoking pot, and I figured I'd be there with him. So, I smoked a couple bowls with him. Glassfist decided that he wanted some, so I smoked some more with him. This weed was some of the dankiest stuff I've ever had; it made it like I didn't exist anymore. Also, I hadn't smoked pot in quite a long time, but I really wasn't expecting this.

The comeup from the weed started. I felt something very different about it, however. Something nauseating and very scary. We were listening to a shoutcast trance station on my computer and watching MilkDrop perform it's duties. I started feeling very nauseous and my heartbeat started pacing extremely hard. I felt very cold, so I decided that I should get away from the computer and sit down somewhere else.

I sat down, wrapped up in a blanket, staring at the blinking light on my stereo. I couldn't really listen to any conversation. If my name was said, I would look at them and give a 'Richard D. James' smile, as we called it, and then go back to what I was doing. I really couldn't comprehend anything that was going on, at all.

Suddenly, glassfist, out of the blue, decided to fix the clock on the stereo. With nothing to really focus on to keep me alive, I seemed to have fallen into a trance listening to the music. Suddenly, something hit me. Hard. Something very melodic, happy, powerful. I noticed I was clenching my teeth, but I still couldn't do anything social. I felt like a lamp, sitting in the corner, shining light on the people in the room, waiting for God to turn me off. I melted into the wall, and I was just observing the conversation from a very far-away place. I figure my memory span was about six or seven seconds, because I'd forget anything I was thinking about, forget what time it was, forget what I was reading, anything that required memory I couldn't really comprehend.

After I got used to the pot, I felt very relaxed and still very happy. Everything, in my life, was okay. I couldn't have been any happier, just sitting there, enjoying myself and loving all of my friends to death. They are my greatest friends ever, and I wouldn't want to do anything to them to make them hate me.

I was eventually able to actually interact with conversation, I believe my stoned idiocy wore off. After that, the night was just fun, chill, easy-going. A good experience, overall, even though the beginning was scary.