[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.] 

This was about 6 months ago, I went into my shed and sat on the floor with a red can of gasoline (about half full). I wiped off the nozzle, opened the breather on the other end and started breathing heavily. 'This is awesome!' I thought as I starting hearing 'The Noise' similar to a 'wah wah wah' sound.  My body became extremely relaxed and I started having deep thoughts about how I was destined to do this and that the gas was a part of me. 

I felt that each little molecule of the gas was an individual that needed me to set them free. I did set them free by inhaling them. Huffing gas is great but the results are not. All I cared about was getting in touch with my gasoline buddies inside the red gas can, and it made me very depressed. I dropped out of school because it was interrupting my huffing. I kept huffing for four months, practically if I was awake I was in my shed with my red can of friends, and when I slept I dreamt of them. 

I finally decided to stop huffing when I got a job. About 12 hours after I put down the can (the actual high last about 5 minutes but after huffing heavily for more than an hour, makes it so that after I stop the effects are still there but about 1/2 as intense for about 6 hours) It was the honest to god the first time in four months that I was completely sober. At that instant I realized the damage. My mind was very clouded (thought it was temporary but still the same to this day) I couldn't read half as good as before, I got very frustrated is said out loud 'why was I so stupid!' I was completely shocked at my speaking. I slurred words so bad that I could hardly understand my self. I also stuttered heavily (never stuttered in my life until this). I couldnt retain any new information, I had almost zero short term memory. I'm getting better though (2 months since I quit) I don't stutter, I still slur words occasionally. But my mind still remains clouded.