TIHKAL provides us with one account of a 250 mg oral DPT experience that begins with, 'I was seeing the Light real strongly.' Unfortunately, the same amount provided this reviewer with an entirely unimpressive experience. When faced with a disappointing experiment like that, my companion and I decided to try another route, a route of administration not mentioned at all in TIHKAL. 200 mg of DPT was insufflated on an empty stomach, and that proved to be a direct route into a thoroughly unusual psychedelic state, unlike any other psychedelic I've tried. It came on within a half hour, and for a solid hour or so, the eyes-closed visuals were extremely bizarre, a wild wash of images that proved relentlessly intriguing and impossible to understand. Music was thoroughly enhanced, to an almost awesome degree. During the first hour, I found myself chuckling at how impossible it was to understand what the hell was happening to me, but this trance state was easily escaped by simply opening my eyes, which I chose not to do, for the most part. The second hour allowed me to project my own thoughts and explorations into the space, and more than once, provocative images came back to me and exciting twists and turns were possible. The space was not overwhelming to me; I had to stay actively involved in playing with the sensations. 

I found the experience to be intriguing and unusual. The 'flash', if you can call it that, was not at all an intense barrage of content; rather the psychoactivity focused around a severely altered aesthetic sensibility more than anything else. I experienced no noticeable body load whatsoever and was able to sleep easily at the four hour mark; a companion vomited several times, due to what he described as psychological issues relating to the smell of the compound. His experience at the same dosage seemed much more intense than mine; in future trials, he believes he would try less, whereas I believe I would try more. Intramuscular administration is providing interesting results elsewhere. This is just another data point in the flow; as always, your mileage may vary.