While camping in Pennsylvania I asked some local folks I had met if they could turn me on to any psychedelics. They told me they did not know of where to get anything but the aminitas that grew locally. They were not sure of dosage though as they had never tried them. We set out to gather mushrooms, and in a short time we had plenty. We dried them on a rock beside the fire for the rest of the day. that night I took 3 with caps that ranged between 3 and 4 inches. This was definitaly more than I could handle. The trip that followed was the most intensely uncomfortable thing I have ever felt on any drug of any kind. 

About 30 minuts after ingestion I was very sick to my stomach. there was some distortion of distance, my new friends seemed much futher away than they were, sounds seemed louder, and the earth was rocking back and forth.
Sickness of stomach was the dominate effect on everyone else at this point as well. These effects grew untill I was only aware of myself, the roaring stream in the distance (usualy hardly audible) and my horrible stomach ache. Vomiting began soon after that. As I lay on the ground barfing I realised that I was feeling very trippy. My vomit began to crawl around almost in a frightening manner. I was totally unaware of anyone around me, and in an almost unconcious dreamlike state. I did not move from my place on the ground for the entire trip. I had fearful  allucinations/dreams/visions. I'm not sure what to call them. I had dry heaves this whole time. the pain in my gut was still very sharp. The feeling was exactly what i would imagine being poisoned would feel like. 

This lasted for what seemed like forever, but was over before the sun came up. Once the heaves stoped the trip was more enjoyable. I remembered that I was not alone and decided to get up and look to see how my fellow campers were doing. One of them (a large fellow) was sitting in a chair still holding his stomach. He had a distant look on his face, and did not notice me until I was right in front of him. He had a puddle of vomit in front of him. When he noticed me he jumped then said 'bad shit man' I climbed into a chair by the fire and looked around for our other friend. She was by the cooler drinking water trying to calm her stomach. Her experience was similar to mine. After that it was still strange. The buzz lasted several more hours. I would not recomend anyone try these things. I absolutely would not take these without someone to baby sit. I know that it was stupid to take so much on the first try, but I had plenty of experiance with other psychedelics and never had a problem. I stupidly assumed that these would be like Shrooms & acid the only danger of overconsumption would be a harder trip. WAY WRONG

Might not be so bad in lower doses. I know I'll never find out!