Datura seeds are by far one of the most delirious and nonsensical things I've ever consumed. I've taken this plants seeds a handful of times but the last time I consumed it is when it totally fucked me.

I was at home in my room with my friends black man D, Jak, Jakk and Tony. Jak had brought over some moon flower pods and told me that they will trip me out. At the time, I did not know that moon flowers and datura were the same exact thing. I should have noticed by the way the seeds looked, but I didn't. I grabbed a pod which contains around 300 seeds and consumed them all quickly. I ate the pod insides than too.
I sat back on waited.

Ten minutes later something happened. Something I knew I felt before. Everything got way heavy, my mouth was a desert and I was definatly 'high. I said out loud 'Fuck I know this feeling' and everyone looked at me. I stood up and staggered to my bed because I knew what was bound to happen. I couldn't stop the trip but I knew instantly knew the best way to avoid the worst. My bed was all that mattered to me. I don't know if anyone said anything to me after I lied in bed but I just fell into it and waited for lucidity to take over.

I knew this was Datura. There was no doubt in my mind. Before I lost semi consciousness I recognized the seeds and mentally kicked myself in the ass. For the next 7-8 hours I was lucid dreaming throughout the night. I tried to sleep the effects away, which I thought worked.

I thought it worked. I awoke the next day and felt still mind fucked but stable. I hung out with some friends and had a normal day, that is until nightfall. I was outside with my friend's Liz and Tony. I was a little stoned on some pot and we were just sitting down. I was feeling sick that day. Suddenly I looked up and we were in the mall. I looked around and my vision quickly snapped back to normal. I told my friend's and they said I must still be tripping.

I was. Every 10 seconds I would look up and see a different place. I kept thinking we were where we weren't. I can't remeber everything though and the places I saw are hard to remeber, I only remember the mall. I went inside and slept it off.

Two weeks later I'm writing this. I've been sick ever since I consumed that wretched Datura. This strong sickness - I've never been so sick in my life. It's so bad that I'll be going to the hospitol today. I believe Datura killed my immune system and then something got in. My sickness is all head cold times one thousand along with weak and wobbly legs at certain points of the day. I get the chills but I naturally am cold - but more so since I've taken that god forsaken plant.