It was the last Saturday of my freshman year of college, and I was determined to finish with a spectacular experience to keep me going through a summer of exile in the Midwest.  I had eaten about an eighth of mushrooms the night before, and my brain was feeling pretty kicked around, but my friend (and faithful dealer) B had scored some mind-blowing E, so I decided to go for it.  The pills had tested marvelously (straight to black w/ the Dancesafe kit), so I bought two to bring to a party on campus.  My good friend A was spinning that night at 1:30, so I dropped the first pill (a blue dolphin) around midnight to be peaking for his set.  

But 10 minutes before A's set, I hadn't even begun to come up yet. *Tragic*!  I went back to my dorm room to get the second pill, which I had been planning to take in halves.  But...one half was so much bigger than the other I decided to just go for it and take the whole thing.  I downed it with orange juice and high-tailed it back to the party just in time for A's set.  The place was pounding with really tight progressive beats, and I immediately went to the middle of the dance floor.  After about 10 minutes of hardcore dancing, I started to feel that incredible tingle, and I knew I was in for a hell of a ride.  It was more intense than any pill I'd ever taken.  I felt the serotonin rushing in waves over my brain, and the music coursed through me with the rhythm of good poetry and the sweetness of honey.  My friend D (who, in that particular instant, was my best, truest, most wonderful friend in the whole wide world) had glowsticks, and even when I'm not rolling he blows my mind.  That night, through his lightshow, I was transported to a different universe, surrounded, accepted, and loved by pure crystalline creatures of rarefied light.  It was amazing.  I gave him a *huge* hug as he went off back to the dancefloor.  I was definitely feeling the urge to move, so I headed in that direction as well.  I got there just in time to hear Delerium: Silence (one of my favorite songs), and it almost put me over the edge.  Darude: Sandstorm came on, and I was gone.  I was rushing so hard I couldn't dance, couldn't talk, couldn't care about anything but how incredible I felt.  I felt my shirt, my pants, my hair - everything was beyond description.  I picked up a sweatshirt that was laying on a chair, and curled up with it on a couch.  I stayed there for like, half an hour, feeling utterly at peace.  Waves of contentment washed over me - I had never felt as wonderful, happy, and peaceful as I did in that half hour.  

I was brought back to reality by the owner of the sweatshirt (also rolling!), so I relinquished it.  I looked up and realized that the party was basically over - there were a few coked up people still dancing, but most everyone else was gone.  I wandered outside, and somewhere (I don't remember where) I ran into a guy who I only sort of knew, but had long had a crush on.  J (also rolling!) and I went to my room, put on some great jazz, and sat under my roommate's down comforter and talked and cuddled for an hour or so, until E (my roommate) came home.  She was exhausted and wanted her blanket back, so he and I (still rolling *hard core*) took some of my soft stuff and rolling toys and headed across campus to his apartment.  

The rest of the night (and most of the morning) was a prolonged conversation of incredible scope and depth.  We talked about everything - family, relationships, our feelings for eachother (apparently I wasn't the only one with a crush!) - until 6am.  Then we fell asleep, cradled in eachother's arms, utterly content and at peace.  Even now, if I have trouble sleeping, I imagine being cradled in his arms and I'm soon carried away.

This was easily the best roll I'd ever had - I got to do everything that I love to do while rolling, and I can't imagine it ever being topped.