I have always been the type person, that when I do something, I try to do it to the fullest. It's been 10 years since I got out of rehab for crack…which in my opinion is the most vile and evil of drugs…but I always preferred injection as a means of ingestion, I just hated the bruises.

Well for whatever reason, (I suppose availability) as I try to stay away from Coke and those who do it, I have recently met a couple who covet my prescription for Dilaudid. Since my opiate tolerance is so high, it's a waste for me to inject them, but such isn't the case with Cocaine. Tonight, these folks called, and I was reluctant to part with my Dilaudid, until he made the offer of trading a gram of good coke for 4 tablets. Being is it had been so long since I was able to get 'high' on anything, I eagerly accepted.

Since there is always so much preparation involved, and paraphernalia, I decided to dump the whole gram in at once, measure out the amount of water, then divide by how many doses I wanted to do. I used 60cc of water, and the solid rock dissolved perfectly. The first hit I drew up about 20cc and was well pleased with the rush. Somehow, I decided in my twisted mind, to just do the rest in one shot and get a 'super rush'. And boy did I ever! If you've ever mainlined, you know about the taste as soon as the chemical hits your blood stream, and then, if you are lucky, the ringing of the ears…'hearing the train' as it sometimes called. Well I had no sooner slammed the massive dose, than my legs began to shake and my whole body. Everything was going blurry, and for a brief second I thought I was going to die. I jerked the rig out, untied, when no sooner than that occurred I hit the floor. I'm here by myself, praying not to die, and fighting desperately to 'stay with It'. Well, needless to say I made it through alive…but I'm such an idiot I actually enjoyed it! The human mind is a complex and crazy thing.

I'm just glad I don't personally have a connection, the occasional indulgence is ok with me…I just despise the bruising, as my veins are almost impossible to find, especially after one shot, when I'm nervous and shaky anyhow.

I Thank God that He didn't choose to take me tonight. I'll just have to do so healing up, bruise wise, and if the shit's this good, impose upon those friends again in a few weeks. It's something about coming that close to death that is a feeling I wish I didn't enjoy. Anyway…it's some 6 or 7 hours later now, and after 15 10 mg Valium, I think I can go get some rest now.