ok, first off i'd like to say that datura is not like any other hallucinogen i have ever experienced.  I am a veteran of hallucinogenic substances, and i lost complete control with this.  

    I obtained a flower and stem from a friends house, took it home and put it in the freezer overnight.  The next day i forced the disgusting flower down, stem and all, and went outside for a bit.  Half hour later i came inside and started watching tv, sort of waiting for the kick, but it wasn't coming.  Eventually, i shrugged it off as i half assumed nothing was going to happen anyway, and i made a bag of popcorn.  After eating one handful i had such severe dry mouth that i could have puked, and went to go get some water.  It was nearly impossible to move.  I live in a basement, and the water was upstairs, and it took me about ten minutes to crawl up the stairs and get water.  On the way, i knocked everything in my way over, including my glass of water.  Finally, i got a drink and stumbled back downstairs.  I layed down on the couch and the difficulty moving went away, so i sat up and everything got incredibly foggy, like i couldn't see shit.  the fog cleared away and i looked next to me and this chick with a crazy hat on was sitting next to me, and a black dude with dread locks was sitting across from me.  I tried talking to them, but they only smiled at me.  so i went upstairs and told my roomates someone was in the house and i didnt know how to get rid of them.  My roomates were pretty concerned, and they followed me downstairs and apparently i was unable to connect thoughts properly, and unable to speak altogether sometimes.  these two people kept disappearing and reappearing on me throughout the night, and i am suffering severe amnesia of the night but i was told that i talked to several dozens of different people, like carried full conversations with them.  I guess i even went outside to escort my 'friends' to the car.  I was completely out of my head.  I was smoking cigarettes and i watched the cherry burn down and felt the smoke go in my lungs, and every time i went to put it out, it would disappear from my hands.  My roomates watched this and said i never really smoked, just thought i did.  It took several hours for them to convince me that all of this was in my head, and i was so terrified from these people that i refused to go back down to the basement. I remember that they would not talk to me face to face, but every time i was away from them, they would scream and call for me and stuff like they were being hurt. it was horrible. They finally got me to sleep and i woke up three hours later still hallucinating other people, but i was much more sober than before.  A few hours later the hallucinations stopped and my pupils were still so big that hardly any white was visible. Im writing this on day 2, and i would have submitted this yesterday but i couldnt see.  i couldnt see a damn thing, my eyes were really fucked up.  I am still having trouble, but it's getting better by the hour.  I strongly suggest that no one try this drug, but if you must, please dont assume one flower and it's stem is not much.  i could have easily gone to jail or a psych ward that night.  It's beyond trippin, you dont see anything 'cool', you see things that scare the fuck out of you that aren't even real. complete schizophrenia.