Meth has become my beautiful white snow, and this is my story, it being both good and bad, of my experiences with methamphetamine.

I am a shift worker, at a gas station, while I work through college.  I don't need the job, I like the extra income, and the satisfaction of not relying on my family and friends for my needs.  Shift working is hard.  Hours can be unpredictable at best, and hours are long. (I've worked 28 hours straight)  

I used ephedra, Xenadrine and other diet drugs to keep me up and working, but I grew very tolerant to it, and I required nearly three times the dose to get the same effects.  Still, when a friend of mine recomended methamphetamine, I didn't like the idea, seeing as I live in an area known as 'Felony Flats', all I've heard are the awful conditions of some meth labs, small children with chemical burns and other sad stories.

I gave in, and tryed a line.  It was amazing.  Suddenly, navigating rush hour LA freeways wasn't a challenge, it was a game that I played well.  I used it before I went to work, and I was so much more happy, energetic.  I could get things done faster and better than any of my other co-workers.  I still can.

It gave me everything I ever wanted.  I'm shy.  It made me social, confident, verbal, and slightly agressive, which for a passive person like myself, is actually a good thing.  I was really fat.  220+ lb.  I'm now 145 lb, going lower every day.  It made me the person I was always told I should be, that I always wanted to be but never quite could live up to.

I live in terror of the come down.  That fear is always in the back of my mind.  I hate it.  I can't move, I get so tired, all I do is sleep and eat.  I know the text-book explanation for it, that my brain isn't producing nearly as much serotonin and dopamine as I'm used to, and that's why I sleep and eat and repeat.

Now, I use everyday, a moderate amount.  About a fourth of my pay goes to my habbit.  I'm lucky.  I only orally and internasaly deliver my meth.  I've seen other people, and by inhaling and injecting, while you get a much, much better high, it doesn't last as long.  You need more.  I'd imagine that if I injected, 3/4 of my pay would go to my habit.  My veins are hard to hit anyway, I'd become a pin cusion.  :-)

You need to be ready, if you want to do meth.  Have a job, or some form of steady cash.  Nothing, NOTHING, is worse than wanting meth and not having it.  Have a good dealer, one you can call.  Or develop your relationship with your dealer, so you don't have to go through a middle man.  Middle-men (or women) are leaches.  Remember that there are other payments than cash.  I loan out my Jerome Baker Designs bong (a 2 3/4 ft beauty, from Oregon, special ordered) for an evening in return a 'stuffed' bag, in my case that's about $30 more.

I'd also recomend you shop about.  Buy a postage scale.  It is worth it's weight in gold.  Keep a small log of price per weight unit.  Note the apearance of your purchase.  Buying meth is like shopping in Tiajana.  No price is set.  Negotiate, chit-chat.  Treat your dealer like a used car salesman, and never take any of his hype.  If he's telling the truth, he'll give you a discounted or free sample.

Anyway, this is a part of what I've learned, and I hope it will help you.  In closing, be careful.  You can't enjoy anthing if you're braindead in the ICU or worse yet, feeding worms.  Stay smart.

Happy, happy, tweeker thoughts...