11:30PM
-------
        I've been fasting since early yesterday evening (~30 hours). I
have here one Mitsubishi pill (MDMA), 10mg of 2C-B (as 5mg pills), and 4mg
(1/2 pill) of 2C-T-2. The plan is to take the MDMA first (as 2 halves, 15
minutes apart), then the 2C-T-2 when that begins to decline, then wait 20
minutes or so for potential nausea, then eat the 2C-B. This promises to be
a good night! I've never had 2C-B before, so I'm trying to go for the
Shulgin classic combination from PiHKAL. The 2C-T-2 is only to make up for
the low dose of 2C-B, and hopefully will not too much color the 
experience.
        Well, half the MDMA is down the hatch!

11:45PM
-------
        Other half down! I think I'm already feeling the first half of the
pill! Must be the fasting... fasting can make a massive difference. Alot
of butterflies in my stomach. Bees. Wow. I've been wanting to do 2C-B for
years, since reading the old Reed College 'bromomescaline' thing. Nexus.
The elusive Erox. I hope this is as good as I've heard!

12:10AM
-------
        Damn, the MDMA is really beginning to kick in. Only 40 minutes in!
Fasting definately makes a difference. Its been a while since I've fasted
over 24 hours.

12:30AM
-------
        Wow... I'm going pretty good! I'm getting alot more than I have
off these Mitsubishis before! I think I need to begin fasting before trips
again. Not only does it make the onset faster and the effects stronger,
but you feel alot 'cleaner' with an empty system. I wholeheartedly endorse
a nice fast of 24 hours (or more) before most entheogens.

1:00AM
------
        Down the hatch with the 2C-T-2!

        I'm in a great place. I read some email a friend sent me today
which I found very touching. I spent some time thinking about that friend,
and realized she truly is one of the treasures of my life.

        Spent some time laying down, just thinking. I love to do
MDMA-class drugs alone or with a small group of friends. Doing it at raves
or clubs is a waste. Too hectic for some of the sublter, delicious
effects. Doing it alone is especially luxurious... you can melt into a
wave of pure feeling. Lay down in a nice quiet dark room... maybe some
mellow quiet music... nice!

1:23AM
------
        I think the 2C-T-2 is coloring the MDMA some, hard to tell.
Anyway, I just ate about one and half of one of the bees... I cut off
about half of one and crushed it, to snort. Might as well, considering the
small ammount I have. The stuff I powdered, I put into 4 *very* small
lines.

1:40AM
------
        Schnorrrt! First bump, not too bad... Second, not too bad there
either. Two more... Third, in the other nostril - little sting. Nothing a
squirt of saline nasal spray doesnt fix... All done! Not bad at all.
Little bit of a bad taste, thats it. I assume the filler material in the
pill probably buffered it alot.

1:50AM
------
        Definately feeling alot more than MDMA now! Im feeling sweaty.
Sorta mescaliney, but the body sensations are still all MDMA. But wow,
they're increasing.

1:53AM
------
        Whoops, just went from sweaty hot to cold. Here come the bees!

2:05AM
------
        Wow. Very nice. I feel very cool, almost cold, despite still
sweating a little from the MDMA. I feel very good, physically. It feels
somewhat like a low dose of mescaline, or the latter part of my 2C-T-2
experience. Not outstandingly visual (yet?) but feels great physically and
mentally. Only drawback - it seems to enhance the MDMA jaw clench quite a
bit. Small price.

3:35AM
------
        Im in a really interesting space. VERY nice. Much like mescaline,
indeed! Similar to my San Pedro experiences, but milder on the body. I can
feel the 2C-T-2 in there, and the MDMA... but theybe all melded into a
nice whole. Colors stand out in razor sharp clarity. Very vivid, yet
natural. Mescaline-type visuals overall.

3:45AM
------
        Wow... this has only been 10 minutes? I must be experiencing some
pretty heavy time distorions. Laying down in bed with my eyes closed I had
some great closed eye visuals. I see things flitting around the corners of
my vision with open eyes. Colors are ultra-crisp. I see little fractally
overlays over alot of things. Shimmery and spider-weblike. Similar to what
I've gotten from mescaline. Sounds of crickets outside are amplified and
reverbate - natural music. Physical sensations are amazing. Not quite like
mescaline or MDMA but about half way in between the two polarities. I can
feel the MDMAishness fading some, but the 2C-B and definately the 2-C-T-2
are going strong still! In some ways theres a GHB-ish feel to the physical
aspect. This is very interesting... and nice.


5:10AM
------
        I'm still pretty stimulated, and my visual field is still pretty
crisp, but I'm on my way down now. Out with a little pot and GHB, then
sleep, I think!

Conclusion
----------
        Well, it took me till near 10AM to get to sleep. Perhaps the
2C-T-2 was responsible for that. There was a long lingering effect, with
good visuals lasting the whole time. Phenethylamines are unlike
tryptamines that way... the effects are more spread out and continuous,
rather than the sharp peak, gradual decline, and long tail of tryptamines.
It was definately a nice experience, and I hope someday to get to explore
2C-B at a more appropriate dosage range.