My friends sit around me at my new apartment and my girlfriend is across from me in the smoking circle. I took one last hit of the marijuana. I had agreed to go first. Though I don't know why. I sat on the floor and I packed the bowl with salvia. Everyone was looking at me. I put the bong to my mouth. I pull and hear it bubble. This weird feeling sweeps over the right side of my body as I exhale. I pull again and the bowl was still burning. Another lungful. I hand the bong to my friend. 

I was lying on the floor, reality was closing around me. I start to sit up a familiar pain, the one that had knocked me to the floor like a boot to the head, it knocks me down again. The pain spreads through me as reality splinters inside my body. I feel bee stings thousand millions over every inch of my body. I tell my friends that it hurts. I ask them why, but two are already tripping and lost to the world. Reality bends. Now nothing exists outside a foot wide vertical space to either side of me. The pain distracts me from my thoughts and numbs me to reality. Down, I must go down… I feel it pulling me… down is where the pain will stop… down is where I'll be safe. The floor wasn't low enough, it wouldn't work.

I can think but not well. In this moment of clarity I walk to the bathroom. I was told I screamed 'Make it stop" as I was walking. I walk to the shower. I strip not bothering to close the door. I see my girlfriend she's helping me dry off I yell at her not to touch me, anything that touches me makes the pain worse. I realize the shower hadn't worked. I didn't distract the nerves with soothing water or even make the pain worse. My hair was wet but I couldn't feel the water.

I jumped up and down and screamed. I had to make the pain stop I wanted to die. I wanted someone to knock me unconscious or shoot me up with tranquilizers so that I would sleep through the rest of the trip. I ask the friend of mine I bought the hit from how long it would last. He said about 15 minutes. Had it not already been a year at least? I looked at the door. I lived in the upstairs apartment. Stairs, stairs that go down, down will make the pain stop. I run to the door but someone pushes me down. I lie with my back on the floor. Reality returns but the pain doesn't subside. I ask everyone if there is anything I can do to get rid of the trip. There isn't.

I guzzle down water. I don't remember why "Am I thirsty?" I'm starting to disappear I'm dieing and hell is calling for me. Should I trip out? Would it be more fun in the end? Is that why I have the pain? I'm fighting. The trip will it not hurt me if I follow and let it guide me. The room begins to disappear, reality vibrates around me. The pain gets worse the farther I slip from reality. NO! NO! I won't trip out. It will make things worse. I fight to gain control of my mind. The demon relents. It won't drag me into the depths. My mind clears, reality returns to normal again, but still the pain is there. I turn on the TV to distract myself, but the pain is stronger than my concentration. There is nothing I can do. I lie in the floor and wait. I wait for the pain to stop though I know deep down that it never will. But if I wait patiently death will save me as he does all living things. Then the pain will have no hold over me. Though I don't know exact times I know my trip from the beginning to when the pain stopped was only 20 or so minutes.  This was the longest twenty minutes of my life.