I had read some Adderall experiences on Erowid before. Sounded fun. I put it in my list of things to snort, smoke, or eat if I ever ran onto any of it. Then me and my friend J are casually chatting one day when it comes up that he's been prescribed Adderall for attention deficit disorder. I felt guilty asking him for one since his intellect depends on the stuff. I asked anyways. He's my friend, he said he'd bring me some Adderall the next day.

The next day I arrive at school and have my usual conversation with some pals where we gather in a circle and pretty much everyone says 'Got anything?' I was really looking forward to some xanax. No one had anything, a very disappointed xanax fiend (me) wanders off to his (my) first period class. I'm all anxious and stuff because by now I should be well onto my way to staggering. I'm not. I'm not happy when I'm straight. Oh well, it'll do me some good to finish a day of school without drugs.

Ding! Second period rolls around. I talk to J at our lockers. He says 'I come bearing gifts Johnnie.' I suddenly remember he was supposed to bring me some Adderall. He gave me half of one of his 20 mg Adderall tablets. I guess since it's a halved pill you would have to say I took approximately 10 mg. But I'm sure I would never notice the difference between a true 10 mg and a halved 20 mg. This is the kind of thinking Adderall invokes. Maybe this kind of thinking is pointless. But I find it interesting, I like to think this way, I feel like all the reasoning in the world has been handed to me. OK, on to the experience, note that the times are often approximated but I'm sure I have the events in the right order even if they're off by a few minutes.

9:30 am
I insert the half of a 20mg Adderall tablet under my tounge. It tastes somewhere between good and nothing, but closer to nothing, pretty good for a pill I would say since I'm no stranger to disolving vicodin under the tounge (yucky).

9:35 am
Algebra II. The pill is fully disolved. It leaves my tounge with a very slight numbing sensation for the next minute or so. Very easy to cope with, not too bad of a feeling at all. I wouldn't classify it as a positive effect, it's probaly moreso not worth mentioning. But maybe mentioning it will keep someone from getting all paranoid their tounge is going to fall off if they decide to try this. It would take a very parnoid nature to conceive this idea however, as I said, the numbing sensation is very slight.

9:45 am
Starting to feel a speedy sensation. Gritting teeth a bit, chew some cinnamon flavored gum to keep my mouth busy. My legs tingle a bit, tingle with a tenseness, it's not a numb thing, it feels like I've been sitting a long time and I just wanna move or run or jump around from desktop to desktop. For the next 45 minutes I mostly talk to a pretty close friend at a much faster than usual rate about a much broader subject area. Besides that I say a few words to other people that I normally don't talk to at all. My friend catches me in a nervous activity of folding and rolling up one of his assignments and pounding it on the desk a lot. I didn't realize I was doing it until he pointed it out then I thought it was funny enough to giggle about. So I giggled.

10:30 am
I exit my previous class, taking a stapler and a roll of tape off the teacher's desk on the way out. This gives me a huge rush, I usually don't have the balls to pull off such insane acts of random crime. But me and my buddy Adderall can take on the world. I walk through the halls faster than usual, faster than the general population, I comment to several people on the way to my next class, many of whom I don't generally talk to but I know them. I don't talk to complete strangers and there are plenty of them in my school as I am quite the introverted type who doesn't have many friends that don't do drugs.

10:35
Physical Science. I seat myself for third period, knowing I won't be able to talk or anything. This is a really quite class, the teacher keeps us well in line. I open my book and just find myself reading. I have half a page read before I know what happened and it feels like I actually learned something. I NEVER read from this book. Not one time had I read from this book and it's only a month before the end of the school year.

I get out a sheet of paper and start taking some notes on what the teacher is saying. I write very sloppy, I just take enough notes so it looks like I am doing my work then I put down my pen and think. I find myself about 3 or 4 times daydreaming. Just going through everyday scenarios in my head, staring off into space, then I realize I was staring off and I'll look at the clock and 5 to 10 minutes had passed each time. I do this even when not on drugs but I don't think that much time ever passes in a single daze and I usually don't do it that frequently. At least I wasn't staring off at someone's head and making them paranoid. The hour flies by with nothing happening.

11:30 am
Off to the halls again, more talking and chattering and fast walking. I see some guy I know just a little bit and I just laugh for no reason, he laughs back. He doesn't feel I'm laughing at him or at least I hope not but I don't think there's any reason for him to think that.

11:35 am
World Civilization. An easy class, I love the teacher, real easy goin, she lets us meander around the room as you please for the most part. Some people are playing chess, so it's just a field day. This is where things get complicated. In this class they keep newspapers around for us to do newspaper summaries, a rather stupid idea to get us to read newspapers where we just copy an article to paper and hand it in. Anyways I get in a rambling stage and I notice some of the newspapers have stray marks on them, from then on I refer to them as being defaced.

I show the teacher one of the newspapers trying to sound horrified that someone would deface 'The *BLEEP* Times' and vow to her that I will catch the culprit and serve them punishment. I start pilfering through a stack of papers looking for other defaced newspapers. I find several of them. I show each mark to the teacher in shock and question why she isn't equally shocked. I announce to the class my findings and that I'm gonna let it slide this time but the next time anyone tries this they're going to get caught.

12:05 pm
Lunch period. I start raising hell. I used the stolen scotch tape to tape up the teacher's lounge door, a piece of it got caught on some girl that walked out. I picked up a trash can, set it on a table and ran off when I caught the vice principal's head turned. I walk outside and talk a lot about things that come to mind. I sat off the end of the bench the wrong way and talked about it. And wondered why no one else had ever sit off the end of the bench. As in sitting with your legs off the end rather than in front of it like everyone else sits. I saw a notebook and the wind was flipping pages and I talked about how it was kinda like television and it even had plot twists and turns. The plot twists in watching the wind flip pages of a notebook came in when it flipped to a page where a loose piece of paper was hidden folded, this resulted in it getting blown away and I chased it down to see whose paper it was. It was no one specials and I wish I hadn't bothered to get it for them. I tried to charge them for paper retrieval but they snatched it from me and said 'Yoink!'

12:35 pm
World Civilization. At one point during this time I felt like the pill had worn off. This lasted about 10 minutes then I knew I was defineately still buzzin. I did more of the same old, didn't talk about the newspapers anymore. Mostly just talked. Fast of course. Very fast talking. Very fast flow of ideas. Feelin like a genius no one could keep up with my little brain cells. *unf*

1:00 pm
Wandering through halls, have some chatter about drinking water with a chick I'm usually too shy to talk to. Conversation went something like:
Me: Sup.
Girl: Hi.
Me: High.
Girl: How are ya?
Me: High.
Girl: How are you?
Me: I was thirsty, I got some water from the water fountain. Thank god for the water fountain. I thought I was going to dehydrate and die, but I'm fine now, thanks to the water fountain.
Girl: Ohhh, good thing the water fountain had plenty of water in it.
Me: Bye.

1:05 pm
Theatre. This was a fucking blast. We never do anything here so I got to bounce around the room and talk to people and bullshit with the teacher. I got out my pack of cinnamon Trident and took a piece. I offered a piece to a friend. I then individually offered a piece to everyone in the class as well as the teacher. I kept telling them how good it was for their teeth and making them read the pack where it says 'May reduce the risk of tooth decay.' People thought it was strange to get people asking them to take gum and figured I had poisoned it or something. 

Actually only one person thought that, but they wound up chewing it anyways. I then pondered how many pieces were left in the pack. I told my friend to guess how many. He guessed 8, then changed it to 9, then he practically counted them inside the pack and guessed 8 again. I took a guess of 7 and emptied the pack. There were 8 pieces. I think I was giggling a lot about this time. I used the rest of my tape laminating the front and back of a girl's notebook inside and out with strips of tape. This is where some genius thinking came in. The tape I had taken, I took it off the dispenser and I was having some trouble when the tape would get stuck flat on itself and having to pick it back up. Then I saw the current teacher's tape dispenser so I took her tape out and put my tape in and it made the laminating notebook thing go a lot faster. Pure genius. This is what geniuses are made of, Adderall.

2:00 pm
Fifteen minute break. I walked around alot and talked alot. Didn't come up with anything genuinely profound but I got a lot of talking in. I found it really funny when some dude standing by himself not really talking to anyone got a pink lemonade outta a pop machine and when he picked it up he exclaimed 'Ooo! It's pink!' I had to tell everyone about that.

2:15 pm
English II. We had a spelling bee. I said some clever shit that made a buncha people laugh. It wasn't nonsense, it was genuinely clever although I can't remember it I know it was genius.

3:15 pm
School's out. Time to wait 45 mins for my second run bus to take me home. I talked a bunch to the teachers that supervise while you wait on buses. I don't normally talk to teachers. I talked to them about the notebook during lunch and how I saved the paper and how a light blue would be a more pleasing color to watch if you were going to watch the wind flip pages in a notebook. Does this stuff ever quit?

4:30 pm
Arrive at mother's office. She says I have a 'glow' about me. Uh oh. I am very surprised. I told her it was her imagination.

3:00 am
I am usually very tired by now. I'm usually in bed by 11:00pm. I'm defineately not feeling anything. Just awake. I could sleep if I wanted to but I'm taking advantage of this time to play Earthbound for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.