I have a relatively high tolerance to opiates, and have been using various forms for over four years almost everyday. I have tried almost every type of opiate available, always preferring to swallow or sniff my drugs.  I don't IV, simply because I feel that I don't need to try that route.  Now that we have gotten that out of the way, let me describe how this day went/is going :) 

I wanted to have a sort of 'blowout weekend'. On this fine Saturday, and really needed to de-stress from my hectic work week.  Since I do have a good tolerance to opiates, I decided to enhance the poppy tea experience, of which I am very familiar with, by beginning with chewing 4mg of Klonopin, and swallowing 2 (350mg) Somas about 45 minutes before I drank my tea.  I have been taking the Klonopin for anxiety for about two months, so even though I still get decent effects from just 2mg, I need more then that to get a good feeling from it.  Last night I also took two Somas, in order to promote sleep, and relax some aching muscles.  About 110mg Hydrocodone, cold water extracted, was taken over the course of around fours hours, just for fun last night too :) Soma works funny with me, in that on the first day, I get a nice little euphoria, and a slight Benzo feeling, but on day two, the effects are nearly halved, and so I never take it more then two days in a row because I feel it is a waste.

The experience went something like this, and pardon me if my timeline is a bit hazy, as I am still under the influence as I type this report out.

T+0:00- 4mg Klonopin crushed and eaten, and 2 (350mg) Soma taken    
        with a glass of water 

T+0:45- Drank healthy cup of poppy tea, and smoked half a    
        cigarette
 
T+1:00- 1/2 gram of weed smoked in a pipe

T+2:00- 30mg Hydrocodone swallowed, and other half of cigarette          
        finished
         
T+3:00- 4mg Klonopin, and 1/2 gram of weed smoked

T+5:00- 30mg Hydrocodone



The Klonopin and both Somas added a significant amount of euphoria to the poppy tea, as well a nice 'jelly' feeling to both brain and body.  The feeling of warmth from the tea was increased with the Somas, and the slightly speedy edge of the tea was softened by the Klonopins.  I have found Soma makes me feel very relaxed combined with any opiate, however alone it is not that interesting to me.  Together they both promoted a most joyous addition to the pod tea, the brew of which was fairly strong, but not quite enough on this day, no doubt do to last night's Hydrocodone binge.  That is why I also choose to supplement today's experience with two divided doses of 30mg each of Hydrocodone.  Since I had 10/325's, (10mg Hydrocodone with 325mg APAP), I did not feel the need to do a CWE on today's pills.

I really wanted to get the most euphoria I could reach with the tea, while cutting out any annoying side-effects, and the 60mg of Hydrocodone did the job wonderfully.  I don't normally nod these days, but I sure did catch myself closing my eyes on more then one occasion with this 'picnic' of substances.  I did feel slightly sick to my stomache from the opies mainly, and my favorite way to deal with that is to lie on the couch after smoking a nice bowl of green bud.  So this I did, twice, a few hours apart. Since I knew my tolerance would be higher then normal today, I felt safe with the additional substances swallowed, and the overall combination.  Two of my roomates have been with me the entire time, just to be on the safe side.

It has been quite an enjoyable, extremely relaxing, and just plain fun day.  I doubt that I will ever repeat this experience again as the timing was just right to do this, and though I am not old, (30), days like these that I can entirely devote to self-gratification of this type are rare indeed.  Currently I am basking in the glow of the last of the Hydrocodone I took not long ago, and it feels very pleasant.