Often 'borrowing' a little of his dad's random psychoactives, a friend of mine brought back some of this 2C-I powder to me for us to try together. He had tried some earlier and thought it was acid, but skeptical of it's cotton-like powder form, we looked up the name on the vile and discovered that it was 2C-I.  

Later that morining, about 11 a.m., we each put an amount about the size of a dime in the palm of our hands and licked it off.  It had an extremely bitter chemical taste that wasn't very pleasant at all but quickly went away within about 10 minutes.  

 [Erowid Note: 
Two samples of powder (even of the same chemical) with equivalent volumes won't necessarily weigh the same. For this reason, eyeballing is an inaccurate and potentially dangerous method of measuring, particularly for substances that are active in very small amounts.
See <a href="/psychoactives/basics/basics_measuring1.shtml">this article on The Importance of Measured Doses.] 

We then began watching Starsky and Hutch in the living room while we waited for it to kick in.  About 45 minutes later I could feel the effects begin kicking in.  I was pretty euphoric at first with that disconnected from reality feeling most psychoactives cause.  

I believe starting off with the funny movie helped lighten our moods and gave us a good mind-set for the trip.  After about another 30 to 45 minutes, the effects had just about completely set in and we threw on 'The Last Waltz' DVD from The Band.  We smoked a bowl and laid back on the couch to watch the show.  It seemed like I could completely focus on whatever I was directly looking at, but everything around that point was moving and swirling all over the place.  My hands and feet were pretty cold even though it was the middle of the summer, but the rest of my body felt quite comfortable.  

We were both chain-smoking because the act of smoking was quite delightful.  My friend and I also felt as if we were on an extermely close personal level with the members of The Band as we watched them play on the TV and we could pick out every drug that they and their guests (Eric Clapton, Neil Young, Van Morrison, guys like that) were on.  Excited about the trip and the new substance, I was quite talkative, but the trip was better when I just focused on one thing.  

The trip was very, very mental so where we focused our attention was very important.  We continued to smoke a bowl about every hour or so of some pretty high quality cannabis to help us stay continuously chilled out.  When the DVD ended, my friend and I felt as if we didn't know what to do with oursleves because the movie was so emotionally exhausting and nothing could beat that final concert that The Band had performed.  We walked outside into the light since it was day time to see what that would be like.  The light seemed to raise our euphoria and we just sat out there smoking cigarettes and looking around at the outdoors for a while, discussing how we were feeling.  

The comedown was really slow and drawn out. It got to the point where I just wanted it to end.  Once we were almost completely down, about 8 pm, we felt exhausted and smoked one last bowl before going to bed very early.  I woke up the next morning feeling fine with a slight metallic taste in my mouth like after doing acid, but it didn't bother me.  I was completely sober, but still felt a little disconnected from the world.  The experience was an overall great one and I look forward to doing it again some day.  I wouldn't put my experiences with it too close together just to keep my head clear.  It is definitely worth trying under the right circumstances.