This was my forth time taking this substance and the second time that week. The day before I had 10 pills 250mg but by the end of the next day had almost completely recovered. So I decided to up the dosage and see what happened. This time I bought a generic brand of the same substance at $3 for 100pills it's a bargain.

I started around 10pm taking all 17 pills at once 425mg. About half an hour later I began to fell the first effects mostly a little tiredness and weakening of mussels. An hour after taking them I was hit full on and the intensity continued to increase for the next hour or so. I am homeless so I was taking this in my van. I began to hear noises like people talking first from one direction then another and then all around me. The voices seemed distant and impossible to understand. I kept looking in the direction of the voices out my window but couldn't see anyone there. Shadows started to dance and I thought there must be people or cars making them but when I checked there was never anyone there. This was just the beginning as the night went on I began to hear gurgiling sounds in my stomache. I would feel like some liquid was moving around and then releasing bubbles which would travel throughout my body and dissapear. Sometimes it felt like the blob in my stomache would move down my leg like hot liquid inside. nothing seemed real. I would see cars moving and then disappear. I would feel myself moving out of my body a few feet of the floor and then violently falling back into my body. I would suddenly have the irresistible urge to jerk my hands or feet. I went to sleep that night wondering if I would ever wake up and determined to never take a dosage that high again(of this substance anyway). The next day I felt week all day, eating hurt, and smoking as well like I might have damaged my stomache or lungs. I felt better as the day went on but it wasn't until the next day that I felt fully recovered. 

Although I promised myself never to take this much again I had actually made the same promise the week before when I took 12 pills 300mg. I think I may be becoming addicted to this shit. My reactions may be different to others for a veriety of reasons I have been diagnosed about a year ago with chronic major depression and paranoid personality disorder. Because I live in my van I consider the pressance of people or other cars around threatening. The strange thing is that under the influance of benadryl I could care less if anyone or anything much less a cop was in my face. So this substance makes it easier to sleep at night.