I don't see a way I could not have tried Salvia Divinorum. As soon as I learned of its existence my curiosity was hooked. I am the typical new age punk amateur shaman flake. 

I ordered 30 gm's of leaves, 1 gm of 15x, and 1 fl oz. of extract. I received a large envelope in the mail. I was not ready to have a full experience with it. It was a work night, and I had been smoking pot. Thoughts occurred to me about how short life is, and that a sentient being should jump at the chance to expand their knowledge.

I decided to try a quid just to say hello. I took a shower, lit some incense, and abstained from eating (skipped dinner). Some time was spent clarifying my intentions also. A couple of grams of plain leaves soaked in water with some Copenhagen for flavor. So after about an hour of that I notice some strange sensations, slight visual change, hot and cold flashes. The weed really seemed to be interfering with the process. I was in the middle of fixing an unbooting computer at that point also. I was aware during this whole experience that these were less than ideal circumstances. I was still not convinced at this point that this is actually Salvia Divinorum. I had also heard of people with virtual immunity to Salvia Divinorum.

It became apparent to me that my visual and cognitive worlds were in an altered state at approximately 1 1/2 hours into the experience. My thoughts felt ordered, but with an 'alien' theme, and mild visual disturbance unlike anything else I have experienced. So far not a 'trip', and not a particularly desirable state of being. I must state again that the pot and the computer felt like major obstacles in allowing the Salvia Divinorum to clearly reveal itself to me. I have ingested Shrooms, Morning Glory, and LSD in the past. I am using those substances as a reference as a far as their ability to significantly alter my waking perception. At this stage I feel like I am on the verge of tripping in an uncomfortable sort of way. The giddiness felt in the stomach prior to some psychedelic experiences was not present. I decided to leave it at that for the night. After all I had only been chewing the stuff for a little while compared to the Indians.

I decided to have that dinner I had put off. Preheating my oven was necessary for a frozen lazagna. I returned from the kitchen, and saw the large Salvia leaf left over from the quid making. I decided to smoke the single plain leaf in my waterpipe. When crumbled it was one hit worth. I sat on my living room, lit and thoroughly inhaled it. I felt a silent buzzing, and electrical vibrations. My vision took on a gray silvery tone, blurred at the edges of the peripheral. I felt an immediate connection with a female in her late 20's early 30's in the prime of her life. She was behind me pulling on my face. My face and neck were lead and were being pulled in some crazy direction. It felt as if my body was moving, but my face and head were not. I could clearly feel the harmonic intensity of this, and smoking more would have taken me across the threshold.

I began to smell smoke. I thought is this the smell of it. My god what have I done? Opened the gates of hell? I stood up and I heard someone say, 'Don't leave, don't leave.' I began to sober up real quick walking into the kitchen, smoke pouring from the oven. It hadn't been cleaned after a spill the last time it was used. No fire just smoke. Still with that pre-teleportation gravity buzz. There is a feeling I get with any experience that sufficiently moves my reality. It's this fuzzy sort of vulnerable infantile state that marks a transition in the return to the fully 'real' of our waking world. That was present just as with other psychedelic experiences I have had. I left it at that for the evening. I felt fine the next day, and was in a good mood.    

I post this to add the knowledge of one first hand experience. No moral to the story really. I'm convinced now that Salvia Divnorum is powerful. Plain leaves chewed and smoked works well. The Salvia builds up in the system, and threshold level is easier to achieve. I really wasn't looking for an indecipherable out of body experience. That's how people get hurt. I'll try not to be such an asshole next time. I feel like she wanted me to stay, and come back. For what end I am not aware at this point.