I recently happened upon some Soma pills that my friend J was selling. He let me get 5 for free and I took them home. That nights experience is as follows:

Previous Substances used- Hydrocodone, Oxycodone, Cannabis, Alcohol

Current Prescription Meds- Skelaxin, another muscle ralxer but I didn't take it the night of this particular trip.

Setting- In my quiet room, Denis Leary's no cure for Cancer is on TV

Time: 10:30 PM

T 0:00- All 5 are swallowed in one gulp.

T 0:01- Pills leave a nasty and strongly acidic taste in my mouth

T 0:10- No real effects yet besides a ingering feeling that something is happening but I can't tell what

T 0:16- The come up is surprisingly fast and the aftertaste melts away

T 0:20- Slow sedation kicks in, definitely feeling a buzz

T 0:30- Facial areas start to feel numb, warm comfortable feeling similar to hydrocodone but not exactly

T 0:40- Body is numb and slightly itchy at times, strong buzz is felt as well as hardcore dissociation and freedom from worry. Walking results in the 'Soma Shuffle' in which I almost fall a few times but it is a happy experience. I start playing Street Fighter for SNES and it is the most fun I've ever had with videogames. The inebriation is a lot like Alcohol in many ways.

T 1:00- Now is when the feeling kicks in that I think is ONLY present in a Soma Trip. I quickly start to get bored and irritated at the slightest thing. Even just laying there seems to be a pain in the ass. The dissociation from soma takes a strange kick in which the only thing you want to do is go to sleep. Even simple and uncomplicated things such as listening to music becomes annoying and dull.

T 1:20- Now I'm happy I didn't go to sleep. The lust to stop doing things ceases and I enjoy the rest of the trip. I call my friend but he hangs up on me because I cannot really talk. With a large amount of Soma, it is very hard to talk loudly and almost impossible to be completely coherent. Plus, with the endless stream of thoughts I usually say something totally out in left field. Reving and talking in a grim low tone can scare the hell out of the person I am calling.

T 1:50??- Somewhere along the line I fall asleep frenched in thought. This is another thing I have realized that Soma does, it almost starts your body into a dream state when you are awake and thousands of unconnected and usually irrelevant thoughts flood through your head. You never concentrate on one of them you just let them go through. It really is a lot of fun although it can be a little intense.

Final Analysis- Soma is definitely a psychoactive pharm. It creates dissociation of a level in which it can be fun or bad depending on your circumstances. The thoughts are amazing too and the dreams afterwards are a fastpace flurry of pictures and words which make no sense. Its almost like your dreams are a VCR and Soma pushes fast forward. At least thats what happened in my experience. I do not recommend exceeding 1,200 miligrams on your first time however, only because it can be unusually intense and it is impossible to look straight while you are tripping. Memory is hazy the next day but there is little to no hangover if you get a good sleep. All in ass the intoxication is 90% like a cross between hydrocodone and alcohol, but the other 10% is pure Soma.