[Erowid Note: The author of this report makes possibly exaggerated claims about the length of time without sleep or food.]

My first meth experience almost killed me.  I'd be lying if I said that it didn't.  Coincidentally, my first, second, and even last meth use was over a non-stop 9 months. I thought that meth was the answer to everything I had ever questioned.  My first hit left me speechless, and to this day (my 8th month of sobriety) I still can not begin to describe the euphoric feeling that I had at that moment in time.  Here's a little insight into what hell I ended up somehow miraculously surviving during those, what seemed like, brief 9 months.  

As horrible as everyone made this drug seem, I didn't ever believe them.  'How would they know?'  'It's not like they've ever done it and if they did, then they wouldn't be saying anything about it at all.'  

Before I moved to California, I had never even imagined myself doing anything of the sort.  Truthfully, I didn't know much about it at all.  Weed, alcohol, coke...that's about as far as my drug knowledge went before I started using.  Also, that's probably part of the reason that I used at all.  I didn't know what I should have, what I wished I would have.  

My first encounter with meth happened about two weeks after I moved to California.  I had just gotten out of the hospital for accidentally overdosing on alcohol at a party, and I knew that I had to quit my heavy drinking.  I was in a coma for twelve hours, and had a blood alcohol level of .34, which should have left me dead.  Luckily, I kept my life, and decided to chill out on the drugs for a while.  One day, while hanging out with my best friend at his house, his little sister mentioned that she had some 'speed' and being the curious little shit that I was at the time, I started asking all these questions about it, so that maybe I could relate to her experience and see for myself what this un-talked about drug 'really' does and the effects that it 'really' causes.  She told me this and that about it, and basically made it seem like it was nothing worse than drinking a lot of coffee and feeling so happy and so alive was so tempting, that I asked to try it.  She told me to come into her room, so I did, and shut the door.  I figured, I can try it once and if I didn't like what happened to me, or if I felt uneasy about it, then I'd know never to do it again, and the mystery would be gone surrounding 'speed'. 

She took out a little baggie, and a credit card, and of course- a mirror.  She started crushing the crystallized rocks into a fine powder and made two lines out if it.  One for her, and then one for me.  She did hers first, and it looked like a cake walk.  So I did mine too and oh shit did it burn.  But it wasn't a bad burn, it was the biggest rush of endorphins that I had ever felt in my life...better than sex (I swear to god!).  I felt alive for the first time in my life, and naturally, I was hooked.  See, at the time of my first use, I had no prior knowledge that 'speed' was sold in solid, pill form.  And that what I had just finished doing, was crystal methamphetamine (not like it would have made a difference because I knew nothing of the two, not from school, home, or anywhere else).  It seems like years have gone by since I quit, or was forced, to quit using. 

At the time, even sitting at my computer right now, it is hard for me to believe that something that makes me just feel alive and happy and important could be so dangerous and life-threatening.  I finally, for once, felt like I was complete.  Before long, I was getting a 98% average in school, I was doing an impeccable job at work, I was so energetic, alert, and my love for life was indescribable.  Now, how the hell could something that started off so perfectly suddenly switch into a downward spiral that almost took my life, more than once?  

The first time I took that hit, I had no clue what I was doing.  hah...I didn't even know that crystal meth even existed, or that the 'speed' that I thought I was snorting, was in fact, meth.  I was so naive, so trusting, so stupid.  For the whole first couple months of my use, I thought I was using speed.  At that time, I still thought that speed was sold to you in a 20 sac bag for some $450 dollars so I probably, over the course of three or four months, bought a total of 12 ounces, for over 3,000 dollars.  When I should have paid about 500 for it all, and then some.  

My knowledge was slim to none on what I was doing, at least until I met my other dealer, who befriended me and taught me most of everything that I know today.  He taught me how much I could sell it for, how much I should buy it for, how to tell if it's cut, how to cut it, what it's cut with, how to differentiate the different types of meth, how to tell who made it, who cut it, where it's from in the Valley, how to get the best high, how to 'sober up' faster, how to store it, how to hide it from cops, how to hide it from parents, how to know when I'm hallucinating, how to make it, cook it, how and where to buy the ingredients without having a swat team on your ass the next day...everything.  

He taught me everything about the drug.  Even with everything I knew about it then, I never stopped...I couldn't....I didn't think I had a problem or that being happy was considered a problem.  That was all blindly hidden away by the drug.  A negative thought never entered my mind.  I was the happiest person on the planet.  The feeling for the first two months was incredible.  Better than anything I had ever felt before in my short life.  How could something that seemed that good, be so bad?  I still find myself trying to fully answer that question late at night.  I can't.  All I know now, is what it did to me.  

See, after the first two months, it wasn't just being used out of fun anymore.  I didn't think I was addicted cuz whenever I would use any other drug, my ability to function would decrease and I would slur my words when I was drunk, I wouldn't be able to talk without laughing when I was stoned, I would pass out almost every time, I felt the physical and mental changes of myself being 'under the influence' of drugs or alcohol.  I never noticed this with meth.  I was more alert, I got better grades, I had more energy, I was happier, I could perform more tedious tasks, I did everything better than when I was sober.

I actually started to think that it was just like a cup of coffee.  That it did nothing to my state of mind or to my ability to physically function on a day-to-day basis.  I started to believe that I wasn't on a drug, that I was just doing something normal to me.  The euphoria stayed with me for the first four months of my use...then I started to want it more.  Not physically yet, but mentally.  I would need to do about two times more than usual to get to the point of where I had begun.  So four lines soon went to eight.  Eight to sixteen.  Then eightballs were gone so fast that I had honestly thought time was going by faster.  At this point, I was so used to being up all day and all night for weeks at a time, that sleeping felt weird.  I got to the point of where I was working about 46 hours a week (at the age of 17) just to support my habit, which I then needed to stay up all night to do school, and then more to work in order to buy more meth. 

I realized that I had gotten myself into a never-ending cycle of non-stop use and overexertion.  Finally, it got to be too much for me when I started to see things.  At first it was cool, but after about a week or two of staying up...I started to forget who and what I was hallucinating, and who and what actually exists.  And that scared the hell out of me.  At this point, I decided that I needed to stop using for a while.  I tried, oh my god did I try.  I didn't use for the whole three days of my time off from work and school.  But do you know what?  It wasn't my choice.  My body had collapsed in the middle of my work day and I was unconscious for three days.  When I woke up, I had no idea where I was.  I thought I had just fallen asleep for a couple hours.  When I found out what had happened to me, and where I was, I truly believed I was dreaming.  Apparently, I had stayed up so long that I started to see people, and hear things, and do things that were unexplainable.  I also found out that I was in a mental health hospital for an evaluation on my mental state.  

I was so intent on getting out of there...that I actually told them that I had taken so many caffeine pills to stay up for work and play...and then the whole failed U.A. thing...hah...no problem, told them that was from a diet pill that I had been taking that had Dexedrine in it because I 'thought I was fat'.  Of course, as I had expected, they bought it, and I was released within a couple of hours and my only punishment was a couple talks with a therapist (who I had totally sweet talked into thinking that I was telling the truth) and a stiff warning from my doctor to take better care of myself and get more sleep.  I felt like the sneakiest damn person in the world.  I had managed to explain my withdrawal from the multiple daily usage of meth in a few talks to a doctor.   

When I got home that day, I thought I could get away with anything and everything that I wanted.  I felt so powerful that it scares me to think about it right now.  Of course the second I got home, I called my dealer and bought another hefty load of meth (I probably bought about 2,000 worth of it) to last me and my friends a couple weeks.  I always bought in bulk...after all, a meth-heads biggest fear is coming down from the euphoric high, and not being able to find any more, so I always made sure that I had plenty...just in case.  I started to get suicidal when I would come down from my high...and I didn't really know why.  I thought it was just me.  I started to get severely depressed and used my passion for the drug to self-medicate that depression.  I started to overdose and pass out frequently, I was missing school because I would lose track of time (in the days...not hours) and I kept getting more and more depressed, so, to counteract that depression, I would use more and more.  To think that on any given day out there, if I would have gotten caught with any of that shit on me, I would have gone directly to prison.  

After all, I started carrying 9-11 eightballs with me at all times.  I got paranoid so horribly that I was scared to leave the house, scared to sleep, scared to leave my room, scared to open the window, because I thought someone was out to get me.  I thought I was losing my mind.  I would talk to the TV., see things hidden outside in bushes...waiting for me, answer non-existent phone calls, and so many other messed up things that I couldn't close my eyes without thinking that I wouldn't wake up the next day or ever again.  So, I decided to stay up until I couldn't any longer. A month and a half went by and I still hadn't slept, I weighed 87 lbs and was 5'8'.  I started to see things in my skin, cut off all of my hair to get rid of the 'bugs' that I saw crawling around in my skin, I didn't eat for months, and soon I started to feel sick whenever I would eat or drink anything...and my body started to reject all food.  Yeah...I was in severe trouble with my drug use.  But to me at the time, none of that was caused because of the drugs...the drugs at the time were helping me, not hurting me.  I couldn't connect two and two and make four anymore.  I honestly spent the rest of my drug use trying to convince myself that I was truely insane, and that the drugs had no part in it.  Finally, I had done enough meth to actually believe that I was just like that, that I had lost my mind and had schitzophrenia.  

My dad checked me in and out of the mental health hospital over 4 times in two months...and even with all of that help...nobody knew EXACTLY what had happened...until the day that I found out that I was dying.  I couldn't lift myself out of bed anymore, and I couldn't talk, I couldn't do anything without pumping my body with more meth than it could even take anymore.  I decided that I was in so far over my head, that nothing even mattered anymore.  I literally dragged myself across my bedroom floor to the bathroom, and decided to do the only thing that I knew how to do...meth.  I did more than I had ever done that day before.  

I went into shock and my heart felt like it was going to burst out of my chest and explode...I could barely breathe, and I lost my sight, I started to hear a ringing in my head and then heard and saw nothing.  That's the last thing that I remember about my last time using, because when I woke up I was on a plane back home, and put in treatment, again.  

I haven't hear or seen anyone from California since then, and I'm not sure how I feel about that. All that I know is that finally my family had finally found out that I was doing an insane amount of pure meth.  That I stopped eating completely.  That I would stay up for up to a month on average before taking a break.  Everything that I had spent so much time trying to cover up about my use had been told to my family.  Every single frightening detail about the things that I would see, and hear, and talk about seeing or hearing, and how intense and severe my addiction had become.  Once the truth came out, they started to understand my erratic behavior and mood swings, and my four-five day sleep sessions, and my severe and sudden weight change, and everything fit together.  I thought that I was going to die when I got locked up in treatment for drugs.  

I had never been in a treatment center designed for my problem, so it was hard for me to come to terms with the problem.  See, all the treatment centers that I had gone to before the last one, were all for things other than drugs.  So I never really had a problem with them because I could make up some bullshit excuse, do my time, and walk away without one person thinking it had anything to do with drugs.  I would have rather made everyone believe that I had gone mentally insane, rather than risk the chance of telling the truth about my use and getting the thing I valued more than my life taken away.  

I chose meth over my life...and it took me a long time to start to think the way that I used to.  I was recovering physically from my meth use four months after I had been admitted to drug rehab.  I'm still recovering physically and mentally from meth.  I know that I will be for a long time.  But the battles over for me now, I chose life over meth.  See, I finally began to see what had really happened to me and why it all happened.  After a lot of hard work trying to overcome my cravings, and withdrawals, and hopelessness of ever beating my problem, I am starting to see what it really did to me.  

I can look back and instead of glorifying the times that I had, I see how much it took from me, and everyone around me.  Until about two months ago, I wasn't sure whether or not I'd ever use 'once more', but I do now.  I know that I have a choice to make.  I can either have meth, or I can have my life.  

For me, meth's hold over my entire existence became so strong that there was a point in my use where I didn't know what I was imagining and what I wasn't.  I can't say for sure that I know. I was so far gone that when I knew I had to quit, I didn't know if I was even real, or just a figment of my own imagination.  Everyone else knew, but I didn't...I didn't even know if they really existed.  A naive 17 year old girl who before trying meth had never done anything more than drink and smoke a little pot.  It turned me inside out, and made me question everything, and I trusted no one, and was scared of everything.  

I mean, if the feelings too good to be true, than it probably is.  I learned my lesson, and luckily, I was able to walk out with my life in the end.