I would just like to start of that this was my third time smoking marijuana. The previous two where awful experiences. The first time I felt nothing. The second time I just freaked out, mainly because I was surrounded by people who I did not know as well as being in the heart of the ghetto with my sister.

Well this time was very different. The pure form of euphoria, un-adulerated and clean. My mind-set was very neutral. I was at my house alone since my parents and siblings vacationed to Mexico for 2 weeks, leaving me paranoia free. The setting was very calm, no body home, no nosy neighbors-nothing to get me paranoid. I decided to pick a very calming and soothing tune, 'The Flower Duet by Lakme'. Now don't get me wrong, I'm a hip-hop guy, this is the only opera song I will listen to. Now for the experience.

T+ 0.0 Hours
I finished rolling the joint and waited for it to dry, I chose a joint because its very classic and original, no non-sense. I took a big toke and exhaled. I didn't hold it in much, THC is rapidly absorbed, my good pal told me that you feel more fucked up because you are getting less oxygen and thats it.

T+ 0.125 Hours
It's been five minutes so I took two more big tokes and extinguished the joint and saved it for my friend. I wanted to be mellowed out.

T+ 0.25 Hours
Ten minutes from the first hit and I'm feeling 'it'. I walked to my computer to listen to the opera tune. I thought to myself 'I'm high' and the biggest grin came to my face. Coming up was excellent, didn't just feel high, I felt that I was becoming high. A smooth, rich transition from normal to intoxication. As a matter of fact, intoxication is probably a bad word to describe this high. I'm going to call it ineuphorication from now on. Toxic is an ugly word for marijuana.

T+ 0.5 hours
Thirty minutes, feeling good, thinking good, seeing good, hearing good, smelling good, tasting good. Being good.

T+ 1.0 hours
I can think about anything and everything easily, my thoughts are melted together rather than choppy. I can connect thoughts easily, I can see my thoughts.

T + 1.125 hours
Still listening to The Flower Duet, it's melody and rhythm just makes me feel heaven. Just loving everything, anger, fury, hatred-they don't exist. Couldn't describe the feeling of pain. I literally tried to explain it to myself, all I could think of it being an untangible object with no meaning. Love and pleasure meant everything good, pure, and excellent.

T + 2.0 Hours
Still feeling quite high, cotton mouth and eyes did not interfere I just ate a quick snack. The munchies I received was not a craving, more like my stomach was a bottomless pit where I could not satisfy my hunger. I did not seek food I just never felt full.

T + 3.0 hours
Went to sleep feeling good in every nanometer of my body, giggling on my way to bed. Seeing things in new percepective, finding meaning to the meaningless.

T + 7.0 hours
Feeling very refreshed. I feel reborn, I know found more meaning to things that I always overlooked. My religous beliefs strengthened. If there is no god, why are we here? Science explains the how but not the why. Theories and hypothesis, knowledge and fact, fantasy and euphoria. Me and Mary Jane.