Just yesterday I was lucky enough to experience a medium dose of Psilocybe Tampanensis. We bought a vial of the stuff illegally from a store and were originally planning to split it between three people. The mushrooms were dried and rock hard, and a friend ended up crushing them up finer so they would be absorbed better. As there was another group endulging who had 1/3 of a vial remaining, I decided I would eat that too because I was really in the mood for a strong trip (we were told 1.3 would be enough). We went for a short walk to wait for the drug to kick on, cracking out a box of nitrous along the way. After about 20 minutes and a ciggarette, i began to feel quite strange, but I couldn't put my finger on what I was feeling. 

Another baloon of nitrous revealed that I was actually quite high, as my vision turned into amazing colourful patterns. I was excited about this, and decided to return to the party I was at so I could talk with some friends. By the time I got back to the party, I was acting ridiculous. People constantly asked me if I was drunk, and told me that I should probably quiten down a little. I lowered my voice a little, and began to enjoy the trip. The effects reminded me slightly of a cross between LSD and MDMA, as I had been told they would. Having experienced other mushrooms in the past, I can safely say these feel radically different, and personally I enjoy them alot more. The hallucinations generally consited of a whole lot of colourful bubbles I could always see in front of my eyes. Patterns seemed to jump about if I looked at them for more than a few seconds. I began to feel extremely empathogenic, and had a desire to hold and hug people, as with ecstasy, however the feeling was alot more psychedelic. Throughut the night, I kept trying to work out exactly what the effects were, but it was very diffiult, I felt so natural on the drug and I could only loosely compare its effects to E and LSD. This feeling was unlike either of thenm, but they are the only grounds I have to compare them to.

The night passed on and the drug seemed to change alot, swinging from a more MDMA type feeling to a more psychedelic feeling. I went through copious amounts of nitrous oxide that night (as I usually do) because every time I would take a balloon I would see amazing colours everywhere, and generally ramble about them to other peoples amusement.

This was an absolutely fantastic drug, but because I bought iut through a store and it was out of season, it costed quite alot. I would have preferred to take a whole vial next time, and I can quite safely say I will tkae this drug again., It's effects are very pleasurable and the next day (today) I have had a fasntastic afterglow and been incredibly happy. However I am quite hungover despite a lot of of sleep, and that let me down a little, but I am confident this amazing feeling will remain and this incredible trip will stay with me forever.