Setting: Club, good music, good friends
Substances already present in the body: Cannabis

02.45am
Took the pill on an empty stomach. Was feeling quite under the influence of cannabis, to the point where standing up was not an option.

03.05am
Felt fidgety and nervous. Whether this was the onset or just me wondering what I'd just done is difficult to decide. I think in restrospect it was mainly the latter.

03.15am
Extreme dialation of pupils was observed, (from about 4mm to about 10mm). Was no longer fidgety. All 'stoned' feelings had completely disappeared, replaced by a sudden energy.

03.20am
I danced...and danced...and danced. Felt about 500% in myself. Felt under the influence, yet clear-headed at the same time. Vision was effected such that focusing on close objects was near-impossible without one eye shut. Vision at distance seemed improved, objects at distance appeared 'sharper'. Lots of trailing of lights and severe eye-wiggling (but whether you count that as good or bad is subjective). 

04.00am
Left the club. Embarked upon a 50 minute journey home by car (I wasn't driving). Enormous feeling of well-being, a feeling of connection to people like nothing ever experienced before. Had a dance music CD on; it was like I was appreciating music on another level, subtle changes in the music's rhythm seemed very apparent and noticeable (variations of drum patterns etc). 
My thoughts were rapidly changing. The only way I can think of describing the feeling is that I couldn't think in a straight line. Was very easily distracted by the morning sun, and by how it appeared such a deep orange colour. My companions (who had not taken anything) told me that it looked no different to normal.

05.00am
Arrived home. Chilled in the living room with a few joints and some more music. Felt a bit self-conscious in some respects as I was the only one 'out there.' Was chatty relative to normal standards though; felt more at ease talking to my friends than I normally would have.

06.30am
Still felt very awake, but went to bed anyway, don't recall any particular trouble sleeping.

02.30pm
Awoke. Didn't laze in bed, but got up feeling like I'd had an amazing night's sleep. Was happy to spend the afternoon just mooching around the house, was still feeling a bit like i was in my own little world.

It was a truly amazing experience.

My advice to people wanting to try it. Do so, with sober friends to keep an eye on you, and a couple of friends who want to do it too. My second experience I was with friends who were also on it, and it makes for an incredible evening.

I did not experience any comedown on this first time. In fact, I continued to feel quite 'up' for over a week afterwards. Clearly this effect was psychological, rather than physiological.

MDMA is a powerful substance that has changed my life, I feel, for the better.