It was a lazy early spring Sunday.  One of those cold and wet days where the only option is to find something to do indoors on your day off work.  After waking up early--any time before 10am is early for me--my friend and I decided we would go do some spring clothes shopping.  We had a trip to California coming up in a month but we had no spring clothes.  My friend (I'll call him Yakko) was one of those kinds of shoppers who will go into the same store 15 times but never find anything he likes, so I knew it was going to be a long day.  Feeling up to a challenge that day, we decided we would take some MDMA along with us to consume before setting out on our shopping excursion.

It was about a 1/2 hour drive to the mall, so we dropped the pill at about the halfway point, in hopes that the roll would set in shortly after arrival.  We were set with our bottled water and credit cards and set off towards a few clothing stores.  The onset begain shortly after taking the pill, I chewed mine, Yakko swallowed his.  In about 10 minutes I began to feel mild euphoria, and my pupils began to blow.  In the time it took to walk from the entrance to the restroom, the initial rush set in.

I do not recommend allowing yourself access to any form of credit card or ATM. Yakko, who, as I said, was the type of shopper that could spend 2 hours at a mall and not purchase a single item, suddenly became impulse shopper extraordinaire, buying 8 shirts, 9 pairs of shorts and countless accessories.  I, on the other hand, headed directly for Brookstone, with its countless gadgets and contraptions.  About 45 minutes had passed since consuming the dose of MDMA, and I begain having visuals, an experience that I had not endured while under the influence of MDMA previously.  Shopping at this point became, well, not only pointless, but impossible.  Yakko was unable to sign his signature on a receipt for a purchase.  After a peculiar look from the sales clerk, I had to fraudulently inform her that Yakko was epileptic, and he was having a mild hand seizure.

We spent the next 3 hours wandering aimlessly around the megamall, unable to drive home, or even find our way to the car.  This left me reason to suspect there were some adulterants in the MDMA.  The batch is known as Cookies and Cream.  It was a rather small pill and the appearance is white, with brown flecks and no noticable picture.   My moral of this experience--get an MDMA test kit, and never try shopping while on Ecstasy.