[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.] 

Earlier this afternoon I filled up a vial with 45 ml of High Quality Lab Grade Chloroform (CHCl3) and pocketed along with a transfer pipette (kind of a big eye dropper). I grabed a thin rag at home and proceeded downtown with 2 friends, N and A. Both smoke weed but were not cool with anything else, but  I experiment with many things. I was doing the chloroform by using the pipette to soak an area of about a half dollar of the rag with the chloroform, and then putting it over my mouth and breathing in. 

It smelled sweet at first but really smelled more like gasoline or ether once I took a good whiff, so I was unable to hold the rag right up to my mouth, but instead had to hold it away slightly. After doing about 2 or 3 of the half dollar sized spots I would get very fucked up and the sound changed and I would be tripping around sort of. It would wear off in a minute and I could do another spot to get the feeling back. We got to this local headshop, and N and A went in but I stayed outside. I did another spot or so and walked in. I was really messed up just like earlier and my head seemed to be throbbing. The next thing I knew some guy was asking if I was okay, and I started running. I didnt know what was going on so I called N's cell and he said that what I did wasn't cool and to meet him somewhere. When I met him he informed me that I had passed out and knocked over a bunch of skateboards and things and that they were gonna call the cops when I ran out. N said I was banned from the store. 

After about 10 minutes all effects were gone except for a slight headache.