Mindset:  exhausted, bored, but determined, infused with new energy and direction from some realizations about myself.  Primarily I had discovered that my depression, now under control with wellbutrin and lexapro, had created an infrastructure of negative thoughts that needed to be overcome.  So I was hoping that the salvia would perhaps show me where to go.  I said a prayer to the fire spirits of the south, from whence the plant came, to show me the right path.

Setting: At my friend's house, in the backyard, at night.

Other chemicals: earlier in the week I had used a lot of stimulants and alcohol.  Earlier in the day I had used some stimulants, I do not wish to specify what they are, and a lot of old kava extract that I don't think did anything.  Additionally I take 300mg wellbutrin and 10mg lexapro every day.

I pack the bowl and take the bong outside to the backyard, and sit on the grass.  I take the lighter and torch the bowl as directly as possible, taking a giant hit, holding for a while.  I exhale, and start to take another hit.  As I'm taking the second hit I feel I serious pull, feeling of motion that curves everything.  I realize I am about to drop the bong and pass it off to my friend.  My vision gets distorted for a moment and then I am a kid, maybe 12 years old, standing alone outside a house very similar to the one I was at, but it was daytime.  All of a sudden two figures, loosely based on two of my friends who were in front of me smoking cigs, appear.
They say "We are your parents.  You are just a hallucination of some guy in another dimension and he is now done with this hallucination, so it's time to die"

This vision fades to a huge biomechanical construct of sentient humanoid subunits, one male and one female, interlocking in a fractal pattern to create something that is like a roll of carpet being unrolled.  The rolling feeling is incredibly intense and I feel I'm being stretched and pulled.  Although I really don't have much of a concept of myself, I think at this point I am the ghost of the kid.  As I am pulled along the unrolling carpet I ask each of the beings what is happening.  They all say, "I don't know, ask the next one."  So that goes on for what feels like forever, until I get a sense that the entire universe is this unrolling biomechanical cybernetic carpet thing.  Suddenly I am at the end of the carpet, and then back into my body, and I realize that the entire unrolling of the carpet was just my thumb moving across my pants.

At this point I think I am the kid from the beginning, and am thoroughly convinced that I am about to die because I am just being hallucinated by some higher being of which I am a tiny transient part.  Then I start to reintegrate into my personality.  I said, ‘Wait a second, I took some drug didn't I?'  I am really confused that there are more than two people there.  I am seriously depersonalized and can't believe that anything is real.  My friend says "The universe is a living thing, and we are on it." and then it clicks and then the terror and shock of that realization sets in.

The experience was so intense and profound I was convinced I was never coming down.  I remained severely impaired for about an hour and then slowly came down over the course of the next 2 the 3 hours, overall a 3-4 hour experience, most of which was just trying to figure out what the hell had happened and how I could ever integrate that into my everyday life.  My best guess is the length is because of interactions with other drugs/medicines I was taking at the time.