In search for a convienient, common, and legal substance to partake in, I searched and found coleus. I have done numerous experiments with coleus from smoking it to vegetable tasting teas. But the effects of coleus are not strong or trippy, it's more mild, euphoric, and sedating. I don't think it's a placebo, just not very strong like its relative salvia. But like salvia, smoking it produces a more instant onset with shoter duration, while ingesting it orally produces a slower onset with longer duration. In addition coleus is a dream potentiator as the dreams coleus induces are strange, brilliant, and vivid.

When I first heard about coleus I was of course a little skeptic but I tried to keep an open mind. Since I had some rooted coleus cuttings in my kitchen that had some dead leaves falling off them, I took those leaves and loaded them up in a small bowl (pretty much a one hit). I collected about four dry leaves. I cleared the small bowl and held the smoke in for a bit like salvia. The smoke tasted very similar to salvia. As I exhaled the final bowl, a sense of well being came over me. I felt like nothing could go wrong. I also felt mildly sedated and colors seemed brighter than usual as far a visuals go. This lasted about an hour and a half or so. It was pleasant to say the least.

I also harvested a good quantity of fresh coleus to see how the tea would feel. The leaves varied in size. I took 70-100 leaves (+ stems too) and put them in a blender with warm water and let it sit for a hour or so. Since I didn't have a coffee filter it was not strained. I didn't care that the tea wasn't strained because it dosen't taste that horibble. Coleus tastes like a weird, bitter spinage when made into a tea (or chewed as a quid). The coleus taste is tolerable and makes the stomach feel a bit tense, but not to the point of puking for me. Anyway, about 20 minutes after ingestion I felt very lucid. I also encountered that happiness that came to me when I smoked it. This expeirience lasted about two hours. My expeirience wasn't anything crazy but it was mild and sedating without a hangover.

I also find that coleus helps you sleep better and gives you realistic dreams so I prefer to take coleus before bed time. It relaxes you until R.E.M. sleeps sets in than you dream your wild dreams. It once made me dream of being on a huge moutain of great height that didn't seem to end. Also, I dreamed that I fell in love with a french girl for some reason. Just to name a few dreams. Coleus dreams are awesome. 

I'm eager to try coleus in combination with salvia. I have heard it produces good results and it may even make the expeirience last longer. But needless to say, I seriously think this plant should be researched to find the active princpals. On a web forum I frequent people have already started to make coleus extracts! It's just a web forum of normal folks but I think they have gotten closer than most scientists. Salvia was once like coleus in the way that they couldn't find the active principal and it was deemed placebo. But look at salvia now! We know it's psychoactive but the scientific community wasn't trying hard enough. I can't wait for the day when the compound in coleus has been finally isolated.