This report documents a very hellish night with a bad combination of drugs.  There was this big party at my friend's house and I had been waiting all week to get messed up and have a good time.  We started it off with smoking some good weed in the late afternoon.  We smoked heavily until we started drinking around 8pm.  Nobody had really arrived yet and we wanted to get a little bit of a head start.

So we started drinking a lot of beer and I got drunk very quickly.  We then smoked more weed, and by now I was willing to try anything.  I decided to eat the mushrooms(approx.9:30 pm) I had been saving for a while to liven up the evening a bit.

It is around 10:30 pm now and the mushrooms have had no really profound effects yet, until now.  I go up to a room with some friends and sit around a table.  I now realized I'm messed up because the wood grain on the table is now moving due to the shrooms.  

Next thing I know somebody busts out some Oxycontin, which I had never tried, but had heard about through the news.  I didn't know really how it was supposed to affect me, but in my state of mind I didn't really care and was willing to try.  I snorted two lines of what I was told was 80mg of Oxycontin.  I did it quickly, not knowing what lay in store for me.

I started feeling pretty good now for the time being.  I was seeing visuals from the shrooms and the Oxy was making me feel very strange.  I had a body high and could hardly move, also my mouth felt very strange.  Like this weird tingly, slightly painful feeling around my jaws.  I remember just being so immobile and just staring at shit, hardly being able to hear people talking to me.  Just in a trance.

We left the room and ventured downstairs and I immediately plopped myself on the closest couch.  I was really messed up and I hardly knew what was going on.  Ok, this is what I remember before I passed out or whatever happened to me.  I was walking around and I was in one room and next thing I know I feel a rush of all sorts of things and I am now on the floor in the kitchen.

I regained consciousness, but had weird fucked up vision and then I saw the blurred images of people standing over me.  My eyes would not go into focus for several seconds.  They told me I fell backwards from one room and knocked my head hard on a cabinet and then on the floor.  They also said I was twitching or having a seizure or something while on the ground.  Nothing like this has ever happened to me and I have never had a seizure.

I struggled to get up, but could not move.  A couple friends helped me up and led me over to a couch to go to sleep.  They said I was out for 2 minutes and everyone was very scared.  I threw up 4 times through the course of the night.  The back of my head ached with pain.  I also could not stop waking up at all odd hours of the night.  I think I was partly afraid that I might have a concussion and I always had heard its bad to go to sleep like that.  Now I don't know if that is a bad combination to use shrooms, oxycontin, and alcohol, but my guess would be yes.

I'm glad I had some good friends to help me out.  So please let this be a warning and never try this combination.  After all this people were telling me they thought I died and crazy shit like that.  The next day I felt like my head was empty and I didn't really feel like talking to anyone.  Well that's about it and I will never try that shit again, but will probably keep trying new things as I have found.