Well I have smoked Passion Flower several times, sometimes in combination with Damiana. Ive found it has mild effects but they are noticeable.

I bought 25g or Passion Flower and 25g of Damiana for £1.25 each at a herbal medicene stall. I have since rolled a few joints with combinations and noted the effects.

Smoking a mix of Passion Flower and Damiana gave me a mild sort of high. Like a mild pot buzz without an up high, just a sort of mellow feeling and a cloudy head. I tried Damiana on its own but frankly it had no effect, it is supposedly a mild Aphrodisiac with euphoric properties but it wasnt really noticeable. I tried smoking Passion flower alone and got a similar effect to the blend of the two. When u first smoke it you notice little then u feel quite mellow, cloudy headed and a bit uninhibited, its a lot like the middle of a weak pot buzz or when you have had a couple of glasses of wine. It's a good feeling. The effects take a minute or two to fully arise after you smoke it. After about half an hour u feel a bit of jaw tension and a few little pains in the head, like these really occasional dull headaches. The passion flower definately inhibits your concentration a bit to. Its a good thing to smoke occasionally. 

I tried it in a tea but I didnt like the taste and didnt finish it. I dont like tea much though, it didnt taste bad for tea, way nicer than nutmeg or something sick like that.

In conclusion its a good thing to smoke and I want to combine it with Morning glory or some other hallucinogen soon to see if those MAO inhibitors really amplify the effect. I wouldnt bother much with the Damiana except that it makes a smoother smoke and it makes the joint burn better, it might be a good alternative for tobacco. Im going to buy some Catnip and Skullcap next week so Ill see what comes up. I might also suggest trying Passion Flower with Pot in a blend and see if that amplifies the effect. So yes, Passion Flower does have effects, mild but they ARE noticeable and im gonna keep trying combinations.