My friends and I had decided that we would try Ecstacy on New Years Eve, just something to do to celebrate the occasion. There was 6 of us, 2 of them had already rolled before and were very upbeat about it, telling us how much fun it was going to be. 

Personally, I was kind of nervous. I think about stuff way to much and I was afraid that I might flip out or something on this drug because I had no idea what I was getting into, and I usually got really stoned off of any amount of weed I smoked. What would this Ecstacy do to me? Little did I know it would be one of the best nights of my life.
     
We ate the pills a little after 9:30. We had just eaten some food a little time before, and now we were ready to roll. I only took 1, and 45 minutes later I was still feeling nothing. A couple of my other friends were already starting to roll, and I had a suspicion that it wasn't going to effect me. I ate another pill (we were taking white hearts that night) and sat down on our couch to chill. I was smoking a cigarette, when I began to feel kind of strange. This was nothing like getting stoned, my mind was clear and free. The best way I can describe the feeling of rolling would be that my mind was floating in it(hence the title). Soon I was up and dancing just like everyone else. Water had never been so good in my life, neither had cigarettes. We had a couple of vapor-rub inhalers too which really do the trick I must say. 
     
Mostly the night consisted of laying on each other, since the feeling of someones leg laying across your's seemed the best feeling in the world. We had all been really close friends for a while, but since some of us had moved away to college, we had lost touch somewhat. This night brought us all back together. I have never loved people so much. I would just lay back and close my eyes and think about how much these people meant to me and how I couldn't believe we had grown apart at all. The only bad thing I can say about this night really is that I feel so bonded to one of my girl friends after this experience that I can't get her out of my head. We layed in each others arms all night almost and just looked at each other. It was the most amazing thing I have ever felt. Ecstacy is the perfect name for this drug, pure happiness.
      
At around 3:30 we were all coming down from the ecstacy, so we decided to smoke a joint to help us go to sleep. It didn't work the way we wanted, but it was a great idea! Not 2 minutes after we had put the roach in the ashtray, we were all rolling our asses off again. At around 5 I went up to my bed and tried to sleep. This is impossible really. The whole night felt like I would close my eyes and open them every now and then, and before I knew it everyone was up and walking around.
      
The next day I had a few little 'flashbacks' you might call it, I would just think back to the night before and close my eyes as a deep sigh would escape my lips. I felt sorry that it was over, but was glad it had happened. It was a great experience, and I will not think twice about doing it again. The environment helped add a lot to the experience, and I have never loved my friends more than I do now.