June 2002

The setting could not have been more perfect.  It was in the first week of a four-week camping tour of the American Southwest.  My partner and I were camping a few miles from Sunset Crater, just outside of Flagstaff Arizona.  We were on our own mountaintop in the National Forest, and there was not another soul around for miles.  The evening was cool, and the stars were bright.

5-MeO-DMT is, in my prior experiences, perhaps one of the most awe inspiring and ‘spiritual' entheogens I have used.  Both of my previous trials with it (via smoking) were among the most significant and inspirational experiences of my life.  I had never tried 5-MeO-DMT by the insufflation route, but I had heard many positive things about it.  I chose a conservative dose, sixteen milligrams, this being our first time with insufflating it.  After the sun set, we enjoyed some marijuana and then took the powder.

Almost immediately, both of us felt a searing fiery pain in our nasal passages.  We decided to retreat to our tent in an attempt to get more comfortable.  It took a little less than ten minutes for the effects to begin.  At first, there was simply a feeling of warmth in the body.  Then, the warmth slowly turned into an entheogenic body vibration.  Unfortunately, the pain from insufflation was not subsiding and it was very uncomfortable.  In fact, it was the most intense burning that I had ever felt from insufflation of a psychedelic.

Within fifteen minutes or so, the state gradually began to resemble that of a mild 5-MeO-DMT trip, nearly a +2 on the Shulgin scale.  My partner, who is a hardhead to psychedelics, reported much less of an effect than I, reaching only a +1 ½.  There was little visual effect, however I did experience feelings of warmth and oneness with my surroundings, and my body vibrated with life.  Despite the pleasurable sensations that I was feeling from this material, the searing pain in my nose made it nearly impossible to simply lay back and enjoy the experience.  I attempted some deep breathing exercises in hopes of taking my mind off the discomfort, but it was of little help.

If it had not been for the burning discomfort that I felt, I could have left my body and had a full entheogenic experience, but the pain truly kept me from enjoying any of it.  At one point, the pain was so bad I actually insufflated some water in an attempt to bring relief, again to no avail.  Other than some brief moments of self-analysis and introspection, I never really got anything rewarding from the trip.

Within an hour after taking in the snuff, we were mostly down.  The afterglow was pleasant, but our noses were still in great pain.  All in all, we were rather disappointed with this route.  Besides the horrendous pain, I felt this method lacked something that was there when I smoked it in the past.  There was never that all-encompassing, awe inspiring, mystical oneness that I associate with 5-MeO-DMT.  Perhaps a higher dosage would prove to be much more interesting, but the pain I felt will keep me from ever trying this route again; I'll stick with smoking it.