1:30 I went into the drugstore and bought one 8 ounce bottle of tussin maximum cough and one 4 ounce bottle of vicks 44 maximum cough. I was riding my bike and on my way to my friends house, and I stopped, and went into a clearing and drank both bottles of cough syrup. I then rode to my friends house, and when I got there, about 20 minutes later, I was starting to feel the first effects. The first thing I noticed was a buzzing feeling. Much like being stoned and drunk at the same time. I was still able to sit up at this time, and I was feeling rather pleasant. We were watching the southpark movie, and during the musical scenes, I felt a powerful euphoria when the music was playing. Once it stopped, I returned to the pleasant buzz. 

About 10 minutes later, I began itching all over my body, and I tried not to think about it. It went away in about 5 minutes. Then, I realized the first effects of the second plateau. I was having difficulty sitting up, and I wasn't able to see smooth motion. It was like looking at a computer game that is running slowly. The only way to describe it is 'choppy'. So I just stared into space for about 10 more minutes, and I fell over. I layed down on my friends bed, and just sat there, staring at a poster on the ceiling. I wasn't in my body anymore, and I heard random sounds that were amplified. My friend kept coming into the room to check on me, and I was unable to speak clearly. It took me about 10 seconds to react to what he said, and my vision was basically freeze frame motion at this point. 
Whenever I closed my eyes, I believed that I was stuck in a point between alive and dead, and it was actually a quite comforting feeling. I was unable to sit up, but I could still move, but I couldn't feel my body at this point. I felt like I was receding into a point in the back of my head, and I was leaving reality behind. I began to come down after a while, and I was able to sit up, and I began vomiting. But it wasn't painful, and I barely felt any discomfort. But this is definitely not a drug I will be doing again any time soon.