There have been many reports describing the interaction of substances. Most of the compounds and plant materials have not been well studied, and it's important to remember that when you are taking a drug, or offering one to someone else, that you are taking a risk for which you should be responsible.

Recently, on two separate occasions, I gave a medium dose of 2C-B to individuals that were taking Ritalin. The results were a recursive analytical psychosis that made the person confused, nasty and ultimately hurtful. I'm not sure why this happens, but my theory is that the introspective nature of the 2C-B combines with the logic inducing qualities of the Ritalin to cause a constant moral battle within the mind, never coming to a conclusion about what is right or wrong, correct or faulty. I wouldn't believe this to be true if I didn't note the exact same behavior for some friends that were taking Ritalin. They got rude, confrontational, and quite deranged. Rather than question something and just let it go, as one would do on 2C-B, they fought with others about each side of an argument, often fabricating hypothetical situations that they insisted to be true.

As the Ritalin wore off, they became extremely confused and depressed, weeping at one point then going into a rage the next. It was difficult to guide the individual through this stage, and it was very important to remain accepting and compassionate as the theoretical contortions subsided. Eventually, the person would come to understand what was really going on, but there was no memory of the aggressive and unpleasant behavior just a couple hours before. Although the combination of 2C-B and Ritalin is not physically harmful, the emotional results are extremely unnerving. It's like watching your friend that you always loved and respected turn into a complete asshole for no reason at all. The biggest problem is that they never remember any of it and are unable to apologize for their behavior. This is a combo to keep an eye on.