I have tried 5-MeO-AMT on numerous occasions with doses ranging from 2mg-8mg. Everytime it has been a good/great trip with solid OEVs and CEVs. It is very LSD like in nature, and quite long lasting. Anyway, here is my report.

My friend was holding onto the alpha-o for me and happened to loose the oral syringe that we were using to measure it with. I told him to go buy another one, but he bought a different one than before. Apparently we didn't realize that the measurements were QUITE different than the other one. He proceded to measure what we thought to be two 8mg doses (It was dissolved in alcohol). 

I gave one dose to my friend and I ate the other. I have never taken this substance and not vomited, so I have accepted that I would puke. Normally for me it starts to work at about the 1.5  hour mark and continues climbing until about T+3. Then the peak lasts an unbelievably long time, and I usually come down the next morning.

T + 0 (8:00 PM)- We consume the liquid.

T + 0:30- I am already feeling it come on, and I am thinking to myself, 'this is gonna be insane'.

T + 1:00- She still isn't feeling anything and wants to get chinese food, I on the other hand was out of control by this point. I was pouring sweat and felt like I was in a furnace. I was having stronger visuals than when I peaked on 8mg and we had 2 more hours of acceleration to go!! I knew we were fucked. I didn't say anything to her though, because I didn't want to scare her. It came on so hard that I never got to the nausea stage. I was so screwed up I couldn't tell if I felt sick or not.

T + 1:15- We got to the restaurant and she ordered her food. The menu was going insane and there was a small fan in the corner of the room. It was creating so much wind that it felt like we were in a tornado or something. The floor was going crazy as were people's faces and pretty much anything I looked at. I recall looking up at her and seeing that she wanted me to do something. I looked over and realized that someone had been standing next to me and talking to me for like 10-15 seconds and that I *HADN'T NOTICED*. I proceded to mumble a bunch of 'yes'es' and 'no's' and made no sense at all, and the dude just walked off.

T + 1:45- We moved to a secluded place to eat when all of the sudden her trip accelerated to my level in a matter of minutes. Everything was going absolutely insane. Trails were HUGE and fractal patterns were everywhere.

T + 3:00 and on- I have never been anywhere near that messed up before, it felt like I had eaten an ungodly amount of LSD, there was no way in hell I could handle what was going on. I was hearing voices and wierd noises everywhere. I couldn't tell if people were around or not (Trashcans so closely resembled people that I had to go inspect them to make sure they weren't). The visuals were too intense to handle. When my eyes were closed I saw exactly what I saw when my eyes were open, except that it went even more insane and was incredibly discomforting. The closed eye patterning made winamp (Milkdrop) look pathetic. I was burning up and I wanted to die. She was complaining about an alien being in her stomach, and that it was 'Going to explode', she also complained of a crippling headache. This didn't help the situation at all.

At some point somebody came up to us and started talking, and I couldn't understand what he was saying so I just stared at him. I'm sure I looked crazy, so he just started backing up and apologizing and then we decided to leave. I decided that I couldn't take it anymore and I started calling everyone I knew asking for heroin so that I could just knock myself out. At the time, I didn't even care if it killed me as long as it would stop the hell that we were going through. The *ONLY* reason I didn't kill myself that night was because she was there. I made it my objective to help her through it and that way I stopped thinking about other things as much. If you read my other report about 5-MeO-AMT (Entitled '<A HREF='http://www.erowid.org/experiences/exp.php?ID=22996'>Reality wasn't real anymore') and multiply those effects by about 10 times, you will have an idea as to what was happening to us.

Eventually we came down, and spent the rest of the night just talking about random crazy stuff. I don't think I'll ever do this substance again, as I have gained everything there is to gain from it (And it frightens me beyond belief).

I have read reports numerous times about people wanting to kill themselves when they were tripping, but I never took it seriously. I always thought that they were just inexperienced or had no business doing what they were doing. The fact is that accidental ODs are going to happen if you're around drugs long enough, and I guess you need to be prepared to face the consequences. Judging from my previous trips, I would say I had *AT LEAST* 30-40mg. I am not saying that you shouldn't try this substance (that is your decision), but I am telling you to be VERY careful because this is some SERIOUS stuff. Read the research chemical section that erowid has provided, and if you aren't prepared to suffer the consequences, DON'T DO IT. We could have died, if not directly from the drug we might have done something really stupid. If you do decide to take a hallucinogen (particularly a research chemical) please don't do it alone! Have a friend and a sitter with you especially if it's your first time.