After reading a bit about herbal medicines I decided I ought to try some.  I recently refined my policy on drugs after a bad experiance with DXM.  I figure if it is made by God I'll consider it, but the more it is manipulated or synthesized by man the less interesting and more scary it becomes for me.  Anyway, I went down to the local pharmacy and picked up some Kava Kava and St. John's Wort capsules.  

Around 9 o'clock that night I started preperation.  I emptied about 4 capsules of the Kava Kava into a mug filled with milk and mixed it as well as I could with a knife.  Then I sat down at my desk in my room and slowly drank it down.  It went down relativly smoothly but had this annoying texture to it.  Within the next hour I swallowed 4 more capsules with water and chewed one up with my saliva.  I also took one of the St. John's Wort capsules during this time.  So far, no effects at all.  Deciding to have a little smoke while I waited for something to happen.  I took out my pipe and put in a pinch of tobacco.  Then I added a little bit of dried orange peel and just for the hell of it I emptied another capsule of the kava into my pipe.  I mixed up the concoction with a pin, opened my window and had me a smoke.  The smoke was actually pretty good and didn't taste as bad as tobacco alone.  After what I guess was about 6 or 8 hits I started to really feel lightheaded, just like tobacco normally does for me.  Then it hit me.  I suddenly couldn't smoke any more if I tried.  I put down the pipe and lied down.  I put on one of my favorite albums, Billy Joel's 'Cold Spring Harbor' since it is very soothing.  I started to feel like everything was so much more clear than it had ever been before.  My vision seemed clearer and just my perception of everything became clearer.  Also, the songs on the album seemed to go by quicker although the tempos seemed the same.  This was really odd.  The last song on that album was 'Got to Begin Again'  and for the first time I really realized what that meant to me.  I had to begin again with God.  I turned all the lights off and sat indian style on the floor and closed my eyes.  Then I began to pray and meditate and it seemed as though my body had disappeared.  I could no longer feel my legs on the floor or my hair in my face or the cloths on my body.  All I could feel was my soul.  What I assume was my inner God started to show me strange visions of the letter C which I could not quite figure out.  After what seemed like mere minutes I opened my eyes to realize that almost a half an hour had passed.  Then I went to sleep.

The dreams I had that night were so clear that they could almost be mistaken for reality.  One involved making love to a girl that I know and although I am a virgin still it seemed as if I knew what it was all about while loving her.  In another dream I was a member of the mafia and on the run for stealing silver and gold from my boss.  And in the last dream I freaked out on this kid that I really dislike and beat the hell out of him even though he is bigger than me.  When I woke up my back was in great pain which I assume was from sleeping the wrong way.  I went to the kitchen and had some breakfast and then went back to sleep this time I felt like I was trying to get out of my own body because my body wouldn't get its ass out of bed.  It's very hard to explain but this kept going on from about 6am to about 10am.  Then I woke up for good, feeling completely normal.
  
I definitely enjoyed my experiance with Kava but I think next time I won't use so much.  I'd like to try making 'poor man's pizza' with two slices of matzos and mixing the ketchup with some tobasco and kava.  MMMMM that sounds good!  

-Ian