After a half-dozen failed attempts at passing the threshold of smoked Salvia Divinorum leaf, I finally succeeded last night with the assistance of a few other dear allies. The setting was in my home, in the context of a group trip with a friend and his wife. We started the evening with 2.5 grams of dried cubensis (except for my friend's wife, who chose LSD as her sole vehicle for the evening). The mushrooms affected my companion profoundly, but did little for me except to lighten my mood to a pleasant euphoria. This was probably due to the fact that I had ingested a small amount of 2C-B two nights prior. Two hours passed, and then 2C-B was offered around. I was skeptical that it would affect me either due to tolerance, but I decided to try 20 mg. anyway. It did start some light patterns in my visual field and intensified my euphoria, but was still relatively subtle.

Approximately 90 minutes later, it was decided that we would try adding some salvia into the mix. I was hoping that the other substances in my system would act as a launching pad to propel me further into the Salvia dimension than I had been able to get previously on the leaves by themselves. Fortunately, I was correct. I loaded a large glass bong and proceeded to fill my lungs to capacity with smoke. As I closed my eyes and held it in, faint deep-blue tendril-like forms reached out to me through the blackness, beckoning me to go deeper. I almost heard a voice telling me to 'come on in.' I took another enormous inhalation, put the bong down, and lay back prostrate upon the floor. As I closed my eyes, I had an overwhelming physical and visual perception of floating feather-like down a profoundly deep well or fissure in the earth. There were stalactites and such on the walls of the hole, the color of which were a deep bluish grey. I could vaguely still hear the conversation being carried on by my companions, and actually saw the words that I was hearing etched in white upon the walls as I floated down. When I reached bottom, I found myself in a strange city of sorts that was full of greenhouse-like structures full of botanical forms that I somehow knew were the spirits of Salvia. The dominant color of the greenhouse buildings were electric blue and yellow. There was a sense of being looked over and evaluated by a million eyes belonging to a singular entity that was the consciousness of Salvia. 

I felt as though I had finally passed some sort of inspection process and was being welcomed into its world. After about two or three minutes, the visions faded, and I opened my eyes and sat up. Subtle perceptual distortions of a uniquely clear nature persisted with open eyes for another hour or so. This was a highly unique, uniformly pleasant experience in my career of entheogenic exploration, and one that I hope to be allowed to repeat in the future! 

Thank you, Ska Maria Pastora.