Ok, so it all started at this graduation party.  We had just graduated, and here I was at the party, where there was plenty of drug dealing going down.  We were going to go ahead and head out, so we walked up to this random guy to get some weed.  He was all like...yeah I got two kinds:  I got this shwag (very abundant where I'm from) and he also said he had some loaded with pcp.  We were getting tired of smoking shwag, so we got the white powdered weed in the other bag.  Surprisingly, not too awful expensive.  

So about 2 weeks later, we threw a party on the mountain.  We went about five miles out this dirtroad up the mountain and made a big campfire.  After a little while I figured it was a good time to try this PCP out.  I thought theres no way the cops will show up here, I will get a weed-buzz to the extreme, and then be fine in the morning.  So me and this girl ('Betty') lit up a bowl and got the standard grass cutt everyone gets.  However about five minutes after the bowl the shit kicked in.  

'Betty' didnt last too awful long, I was pretty messed up, but I remember seeing her go on in the tent to sleep it off.  Contrary to what most other reviews said, I was actually pretty coherent with my thoughts...I knew what was going on, but little things would make me laugh till I puked, or piss me off to the extreme.    

I remember climbing a big ass tree, and falling out.  Didn't feel any pain.  Right after that, I remember seeing 'Joe' with a coupla female friends of mine trying to liquor them up for him and 'Jack' to take advantage of them.  Nothing pisses me off more than someone who cant get the splittail unless they have been drinking, so I went over to Joe and talked some shit and started a fight. I flipped out, going into a rage, and beat him something fierce.  The other people there apparently werent too upset, they knew what Joe was up to and felt it was somewhat justified, besides it was something to make the party worth talking about to their friends tomorrow.  Joe's best friend Jack didnt think it was too nice though.

When I wasnt paying attention, Jack snuck up behind me and sucker punched me in the face.  I fell to the ground, and remember being punched in the stomach one more time, and thats the last thing I remember for a while.

Next thing I knew, I woke up and was in Jack's car going down the road.  He was all like daaaamn dude your ok!  I thought I had killed you!  He was taking me to the hospital.  

Anyway to make a long story short, I was trippin on the PCP thinking I was superman and started a fight, but then got what was coming for me.  I dont think there was much dust in that weed, but yeah, it was PCP and I am just telling my story.  We buried the rest of the stash, and got the hell out of there the next morning.  The end!