8:20pm - I took in between 17-20 Grams of Nutmeg. I've read about possible methods of ingestion and found that the way I did it went fairly well. I measured out the correct amount, about 1 gram per 10 pounds, and added half each to one pint of choclate milk. I stirred it well and ingested it. Many people have talked of nutmeg being hard to eat, but this way there was little too no taste and no sawdust feeling in the throat.

8:27 - I'm writing this as I go so as that I won't miss any of my thoughts or feelings so this can be recapped without any biases. As of now I am experiencing mild nausia and what can be called nutmeg burps.  I shall sit down and watch a movie, as most reports say the onset of nutmeg takes 2 - 3 hours. I will try to be patient.

8:37 - I'm starting to feel a little light headed, but this most likely is a placebo effect.

8:40 - I'm feeling now sort of like when I begin to climb the marijauna peak. As of now it seems to me that nutmeg is great.

8:52 - My slight buzz seems to have diminshed and now has been replaced by a general numbness, even though my mind seems to be clear. I've also realized that time seems to be travelling extremely fast. It seems as if only 10 or 20 minutes have passed. Also many things that should not be funny are.

8:57 - I walked to the bathroom and noticed that my movements are very jerky. I am going to get a glass of whiskey now in hopes that it will enhance my experience. The movie idea has gone down the drain, so now I am just going to watch some tv.

9:14 - I've just had half of a cigarette and about one ounce of wiskey and it feels like I've had 3-5 drinks already. All the people who say that this does bring you down are correct!!!!! I am having troubles collecting my thoughts. This is a really good substitution to alcohol. It is very cheap. As of now I am glad that I have tried this and most likely will try it again.

9:49 - All my sensations seem to have stopped, my existence seems almost pointless. All I am left with is my mind and my conciensenece. I am going to listen to music to see if I can induce a state of euphoria.

10:53 - During my music session I had a fairly good time when I lost most control over my body, I could not move a muscle. So far it feels similar to being drunk, but still coherent. I am totally in control of all aspects of myself with no adverse effects to speak of. I am wondering though if a second wave will come. Many people have said that nutmeg works in waves so I am hoping it gets better from here.

12:49 - I'm sad to say but I see no second peak forthcoming. Here is the end of my nutmeg experience. I am glad that I have put to rest my aprehension towards it and finally have come to realize that it is in human nature to consume as many stimulants as possible.

I don't know if I would do nutmeg again, but I see no harm in it. In my opinion it is not as bad a ride as most other people make it out to be. It takes a long time to start and it has minimal effect but the most I can liken it to is getting really drunk without the hangover afterwards, or the whiskey farts in the morning. All of this testimony was written in real time. All of the times listed are certain. This testimon was only eddited afterwards for spelling and gramatic errors.