hmm where to start.... i've been smokin mj for a few months, and i can tell you it's definitely been one of the most exciting things to come into my life for a long time! here's a story of one of the most interesting sessions i've had:

this happened just last night, so it's pretty clear in my head. it was my friend's 16th (i'm 15) and she was holding a big party. me and my girlfriend (we'll call her b.) rolled up expecting a pretty cool party, but it was kinda boring, and we got there a bit late so everyone was kinda wasted already. b. doesn't do any drugs of any kind, and there weren't any spare for my use. we just chilled the whole night, went for a walk, it wasn't really much of a party for us. at about 11pm a whole bunch of people showed up who were way older than us and basically fucked the whole place, trashed the tables, etc., so that sucked. they left around midnight, and so did b. and a few other people. i went and chilled out with some other friends for a bit, but we got bored and went for a walk to get some fresh air.

understandably, we were a bit down about not being able to get nicely trashed like we wanted to (my 2 friends i was with unfortunately didn't have anything either), so we were absolutely stoked when we heard our mutual friend had scored a $10 deal, and we quickly ran back to the party.

now over here in Australia, $10 doesn't get you a great deal of weed, especially when the person who buys it smokes most of it before he gets back to the party! he only had one big nug left, but he was pretty gone so he just put it in a piece and said we could all have some. we went outside with our really dodgy grav bong (our good bong got taxed), in the dark, and proceded to have about a hit each. i always considered myself pretty tolerant to weed, but this time i took in WAY too much and i was coughing my guts up for about 10 minutes (it seemed like a long time, the effects set in after about 30 seconds), and this was really good stuff, so i got completely ripped off this one hit! i went inside where everyone else was, sat down holding my head, and basically tried to keep myself alive (or so it seemed), because i could hardly breathe. i must have looked like shit because everyone was coming up to me asking if i was ok. of course i wasn't ok for a while, but that passed, and after about 30 mins and a lot of liquids, i was feeling so completely wasted i almost fell over on several occasions. this is more wasted than i've ever felt, and i've had over 16 bongs during one session!

all in all, i had a really good night in the end, and i'm still amazed at how gone i was off such a small amount. i was considering moving on to LSD because i wasn't getting enough out of weed, but last night changed my mind completely!