Backround: My name is Oahspe, I am 18 years of age, and for the past couple of weeks I have been trying to revive my practice of keeping a dream journal.  Reading about a book entitled 'Drugs of the Dreaming: Oneirogens: Salvia divinorum and Other Dream-Enhancing Plants' stimulated my interest in salvia as I had experienced it a few times before, but was perplexed as to exactly how it ties into the dream state.  This prompted me order 1g of salvia 6x and 10x each online.  Honestly I was quite afraid of it, and at the same time very eager to try it out.  I let it sit around for a couple days and did my best to soak my mind with information regarding this complex subject.  Some things that seemed to stick out as constants in the reports were: being sucked backwards into yourself (Ego-Crushing force of gravity or Death-like experience), Entity contact, unzipping reality or parallel dimensions, & Elves.  So with that in mind, I'll get to what 'actually happened', lol.

Before getting started, and while waiting for my parents to stop watching t.v., I wrote some things down in my journal such as:  INTENT - 'to introduce myself to Salvia and to let what happens happen', & a Note to Salvia - 'P.S. to Sally I hope you don't find me rude for intruding into your realm, I'm just curious like all humans...'  

10:46 - I put on some meditational music (Jonathan Goldman - Medicine Bhudda), comfortable clothing and sit cross-legged on my bed with my back to the wall.  My heart is racing so I take a few breaths while looking at the now packed bong that I hold in my hands.  Gathering some courage I hit the bong, making sure to hold the lighter in there so as to get max vaporization of Salvinorin A and then HOLD... Hold... hold...and as I am doing this I can feel reality (my bedroom) slipping away, as if slowly being replaced by something else, then all the sudden it is simply gone!

The room I am now in is more like a fractal pattern comprised of a segment of my room endlessly overlapping upon itself.  'I' cannot move because I am spread out.  My consciousness is now this room, and I feel very confused and trapped by this new state.  I hear a great many voices, all talking at once, examining me in a way.  Unfortunately, I don't remember what they said, but I got the distinct impression that these entities are from Alice & Wonderland.  This has happened to me before and only on Salvia which I think definitely warrants further investigation, but I digress.  Apparently, my ego does not like such sudden alterations to its structure, because I found myself trying through sheer force of will to 'put myself back together'.  I could not see myself but I could hear my voice and I was saying 'What Happened!?!?' and then 'I Smoked Salvia!!!'.  Also I physically got up off of my bed and walked across my room, as if to force myself back into this world, that is when I 'came to' or snapped out of it, and I'm just standing in the middle of my room.

10:55 - I write 'That was Scary'
11:00 - 'Woah... I think I entered a room, but I felt stuck there and a bit dazed & confused so I couldn't understand the voices...'

Show respect for the plant!