It was to be my first and most likely last experience of 2C-B, one of my friends offered me to test it. I had tried insufflating 25mg 2C-I before and had an intense but still quite nice trip, the pain of doing this scared me a little though. Insufflating the 2C-B was also quite painful, but not like the 2C-I. The first minute the only thing I could feel from the drug was the pain, but it was managable pain. Then it hit me like a sledgehammer, total incapability to do anything...

This is where the 2 hours of terror on my mind starts, in less than a minute my vision was so fucked up I had to close my eyes not to completely lose myself in the impressions of reality. Closing my eyes helped, but it shoved me onto another terrifying path. I started losing grip on reality, the visions were so odd they had to be fake, the feelings I had were to unreal to be reliable. I felt my self slipping away, what is this? who am I? what am I? At this point all I would have had do to was to let go and stop fighting the drug, allow it to completely infect my mind and I would simply have ceased to exist...

I fought not to lose myself for 2 hours before the 2C-B finally let go of my mind and started to retire, during these 2 hours I faced emotional fears of unimaginary proportions, sometimes I was convinced that I had gone insane. When it finally let me go I was mentally exhausted, but I still had quite nice visuals and alot of colors. Talking with my fellow trippers felt nice and we even managed to roll ourselves a joint which we enjoyed at approx. T+03:30, time was still a quite difficult expression to grasp. The joint calmed me down a bit however, I started to feel quite good and the trip actually turned into a nice one.

The first 3h of the trip were not very pleasant, the first 2h were most likely the worst 2 hours of my life. I never want to end up on that couch again crying out my deepest fears and fighting for the existence of my soul, I wouldn't wish that upon my worst enemy. After the trip I was mentally broken down and it took me a couple of days to recover and find back to myself. I belive that this experience gave me the option of a so called ego death, it is a state that I fear, it felt like I might have gone mad if I had let go to the drug. If this would have been the case I don't know, but that's nothing I wish to risk...