One night I was desperate to snort something other then cocaine so I decided to snort some Neurontin that my doctor had just prescribed me.  When I realized how much I was going to have to snort, I decided to just snort 2 of the 300mg pills then swallow the rest.

Snorting the pills was not pleasant.  As an ex-cocaine user, I have a powerful attachment to the snorting process and love everything about it - how it feels, the drip, etc.  However much the Neurontin looked like cocaine though it was no coke.  The powder burned rather bad when I snorted it and the drip was much worse then anything I had ever used before.  It was sour and bitter and burned a little.

I started the night off extremely nauseated.  I went to a club with a friend from high school and one of her new friends from college, a rather attractive boy.  During the set we went to see, I felt pretty energetic and liked to move around and I attribute this to the Neurontin.  I especially liked shaking my head it felt very nice.  By the time we left the club at around 11pm (about 1 1/2 hours after first inhaling) I needed to throw up and I did.

We went to a quirky coffee shop and I ordered some mint tea to calm my stomach.  I drank it but it did nothing.  I threw up 2 more times at the restaurant.  However, I am normally VERY shy, especially around cute single boys, and I could tell I was very social.  I chatted and was witty and in a generally good mood.  The problem was the nausea.

By midnight we decided to go to a hookah bar.  At this point my stomach was in a lot of pain.  I had fun talking and laughing and smoking and being social, but had to excuse myself 4 times to go vomit in the restroom.  My friend had ordered a glass of wine and I had a sip to taste but just the little sip made me sick.  I knew I wanted to smoke some pot to calm my stomach but we didn't have any so I just tried to pretend like I wasn't sick.

We finally got back to my friend's house around 2am, and by this point the social buzzy feeling had left and I was left feeling sort of nonchalant/apathetic and sort of dull.  The boy I was with started touching me and hugging me and kissing my neck during the long car ride home and that felt VERY good but I don't attribute that to the Neurontin.

We decided to go into her bedroom and we proceeded to have sex even though I had never ever had a one night stand before and am usually quite modest in the bedroom department.  I cannot say that I didn't want to - I did at the time - but the mood I was in coming down from the Neurontin made me feel indifferent and open to anything without really thinking things through and it just seemed natural to sleep with him, even though to my personality doing so much that fast was definitely not natural.  Even during the sex the nausea continued, as I had to get up twice during foreplay to go gag (at this point I had nothing left in my stomach to vomit).  It probably would have been really embarrassing if my mood wasn't so completely stabilized by the Nuerontin (a mood stabilizer!)  I just wasn't feeling or expressing much emotion.

My friend says I was acting pretty normal that night, except for I was slightly more talkative, and sometimes my speech drawled, starting to slur but very slightly.  She told me I kept talking about all the 'good vibes' around me.  I for certain didn't feel high, at all, in any way.  My mood was slightly altered but at the time I felt completely normal, sober.