In the last few weeks, I have been totally burnt out. I have had insane amounts of work to do and been very tired. Just as I finished one set of hurdles, I came to the realization that I had exams in three weeks. I regularly drink Korean Ginseng, but this does not significantly elevate me. I decided to try Ginko Biloba, having heard good things about it from genuinely scientific sources, in particular that it stimulates ATP production. It sounded like just what I needed. I began taking two 60mg capsules every day - one in the morning and one in the evening. That was two weeks ago. 

Now, I should tell you that I am usually a person who requires a lot of sleep, a fair amount of relaxation time, etc. in order to be in an energized, mentally clear and alert state.

Well, for the last week I have been living on four hours of sleep per night and I am hardly tired. Relaxation? I have no relaxation. Every waking moment I am doing something constructive. My mental clarity is as good if not better than it is when I have optimal lifestyle conditions, and I have enough energy to do whatever I want to do.
I also noticed that my appetite seems to have dropped: I only eat a small serve for breakfast, lunch and dinner yet am not hungry at all during the day.

In addition, I have noticed a general elevation in mood and have had the will to face any problems that approach me, instead of mentally avoiding them or needlessly worrying.
The effects of the drug are not acute, I do not feel like my head is under any sort of pressure, or like it's raised a foot above my body (a strange point I know, but somehow I unconsciously presumed this is how one would feel when using nootropics). I just begin to notice a dramatic improvement in overall state after about one week.

Thanks to Ginko Biloba I have been able to live like I never thought possible. I feel like Napoleon Bonaparte, the legendry French general who allegedly achieved what he did seldom sleeping and constantly 'on the go'.

Ginko Biloba is a wonderful herb. It has fulfilled all of my expectations and more.