I had a pretty messed up experience the other night. Heres what happened.....

I heard that eating too many Dramamine makes you trip so I said what the hell. I am an experianced shroomer, drinker, and pot head.

I went to the store and bought two tubes(24 tablets) of Dramamine.
I went home and took them all, 12 in each handfull with Sunny D. After about an hour all I felt was a slight stoned feeling. 

I got pissed off that I spent 10 bucks on bullshit and I was feeling really drowsy so I just went to sleep saying, fuck this, what a bunch of crap. Well I woke up about 3 hours later and I couldn't tell what the hell was going on. I was in all my clothes in the bathtub and it seemed like everything I was seeing was normal. My friends appeared to be sitting on the couch watching TV and smoking weed. I just said hi and went to the kitchen, or so I thought. 

When I tryed to grab somthing out of the fridge the thing wasn't there anymore and I was on the floor and my friends weren't there. I was like 'what the hell is up with that?' Then I felt this prickley feeling in my neck, arms, legs and back. 

When I looked at my arms there was a bunch of ticks burrowing in to my skin. It hurt like hell. I started getting scared and thought about Lyme disease.

I got a sewing needle and started digging into my skin trying to get them out. But then I'd look and they were gone. I was like oh shit they dug down all the way. I called my grandma whos only 50 and knows about my drugs i did a while ago (i got caught with shrooms, I'm 14) I told her I had ticks and to come over right away. See I didn't realize it was 5 in the morning but she came anyway.

She got here in her robe and looked for ticks but she said there was nothing there. By now I had completely forgotten i took the dramamine. She said I was hallucinating and asked me what I was on. I said nothing. She looked at my eyes and said my pupils took up my whole eye. I said it was cuz i was tired.

I convinced her i must have had a dream. She said ok, after that everything is a big blackout like a big hazy dream. I can't remember if I went with her to her house or if i stayed here or what but the next thing I remember is being on the couch and I felt like shit (bad hangover if u try this).

Pretty much the whole damn trip you get on that much dramamine is like a dream that seems completely real. You will think you are doing things and going places you really arent and talking to people that aren't there. The weirdest thing is how real it seems. It was all cool except my dumb ass calling my grandma and seeing the ticks. It would propbably be best to do it with a friend. Next time i do it i'm doing it with a friend.

Its a good drug if u want to lose complete connection with reality. Don't do it around your parents, and have a sitter.