Wensday I recieved a 1/20th g of dried leaves from a friend at school. He recommended I only do a little. So I ignored him. I went home laying in bed and took in the whole bowl full he had given me. Much to my surprise absolutely nothing happened.

Thursday comes, as I walk to my front door I notice a tiny package. Whats that? The 10X came! I rip open the package and read the note that came with it 'Sorry out of 10X, upgraded to 15X'. Well the 15X belonged to a friend who had used my home as a place to send it so I called him and we agreed to hang out that night after work. I cleaned my room as I've read reports about individuals getting up and hurting themselvs. He laid on my couch, and I put on some pink floyd.

He loaded half a bowl of the 15X lite it up and inhailed deeply. He finished off the bowl and handed me the pipe. Yet he held on the lighter. Approximately 25 seconds later his face was struct with one of bewilderment. I asked him if he noticed anything because so far he hadn't mentioned anything. Then he started mumbling he was 'fucked up'. He started looking around the room frantically. I couldn't help but laugh because I thought he was joking since I had tried the leaves the previous day with no results. 

After I laughed he jumped off the couch holding a pillow and moved to the center of the room facing me. He proceeded to ask me if I was going to try to escape and what I was laughing about. I apologised for freaking him out and said 'everything is cool, just take a seat'. Slowly he came back to normal. His response to me 'eh, its not very impressive I didn't see anything'.

Well I figured I would just double the dose then. So I loaded the pipe up completely and hit the bowl 2 times very hard. However afterward my friend mentioned to me that I had hit it at least 5 times. When he asked for the pipe I replied 'naw thats alright I'm fine'(drug induced). After the second hit I remeber feeling/seeing/sensing an orb it was pale white and had my life in it. I didn't ever really lose sense of the room, but either my peripheral vision was gone or I just could not think about that many things at once. I also had lost sense of myself, where I was, and what I was doing. I looked down at some shoes, then back at my friend. It felt as if a lifetime had past, in the sense that I was remebering everything about what was going on.

I turned to him and he said 'You feel anything?' and I really didn't know what he was talking about. I said 'I don't know whats going on'. He got this freaked out look on his face, which really didn't seem to bother me. Finally I realized I was on salvia, and I said 'Hey man, I think I am on drugs'. Then my cellphone started ringing so I answered it. It was a girl from school she said hello to me and I replied 'I'm not sure who you are but when I figure it out I'll give you a call back'. We ended our conversation there.

My motor skills felt very strange the entire time as if something was pulling me toward the floor. Finally I started coming down, the peak effects lasted for about 2-3 minutes. After that I felt I had to concentrate very hard to walk I was afraid I would for the rest of my life have to focus like that. However, slowly walking became more natural. I suppose the motor skills can best be described as almost alcoholic in nature however you don't feel drunk which is a strange feeling while being 'sober'. I felt very strange, and wanted to make sure the rest of the world still existed because the room had a very strange sense to it.

I said, hey you want to go for a walk. So we jogged around the block and came back in. Finally I came down completely. My motorskills came back to normal, and he said he was cool to drive I agreed. So he headed off. He started smoking at 10:25, I smoked at 10:45 entire adventure ended by 11:10. He left around 11:15. I've tripped on shrooms 6 different times. Salvia is nothing to laugh at. I did get a sense of that 'plant' like energy. That may have had something to do with the taste, it tasted almost like minty fresh mud. Very delicious.