On a cold Friday in December of 2003, I had the great fortune of attending an event called WorldSpirit put on by visionary artist Alex Grey.  I had been looking forward to this event for some time, and decided to take my first full-strength 5-Meo-AMT dose on this night.  I spent the two weeks leading up to the show researching as much as possible about this entheogen, and even took a 3.5mg threshold dose several days beforehand to test my tolerance.  

Anyway...I dosed with 7.5mg of 5-MeO-AMT as soon as I got home from work on Friday afternoon at 4:30pm. I had eaten lunch about 4 hours earlier and intended to fast the rest of the night due to many reports of people experiencing nausea, vomiting & diarrhea with this substance.  I was excited, yet quite nervous.  I got out my small container full of 200mL of Bacardi 151 in which 500mg of 5-MeO-AMT was dissolved, netting me 2.5mg of drug per mL of Bacardi.  I chose Bacardi 151 for the tincture due to reading reports of the 5-MeO-AMT not dissolving in anything but that or pure grain alcohol.  It blended in easily, almost like sugar.  I measured 3ml in a baby oral syringe, squirted it into my mouth and washed it down with some gatorade.  Didn't even notice the taste of any chemical...maybe a slight alcohol aftertaste, but not bad.  

I hurried over to my friend's house so I could be in a comfortable spot and not driving when the drug started to take effect. We talked a bit about what to expect...and I told my buddy & his wife to not allow me any alcohol, drugs or any other stimulants the entire night no matter how much I asked for them or how readily available they were. We started playing Tiger Woods golf on PS2 around 5:30, and I started noticing a body change. My hands and wrists felt a little numb and very loose...had a distinct sense of euphoria as well.  All in all, I was in a great mood and didn't have any of the side effects I expected from others' experience reports I had read on the web.   

Bt T+2:00hrs at 6:30pm, the drug's effects were more apparent. Plants in a house with no breeze started to ever so gently sway with a non-existent breeze. I had to ask my friends several times if they were absolutely certain that the plants weren't moving...I was totally convinced that there was a breeze moving the leaves. I knew I was in for quite a ride at that point.  Based on the Shulgin rating scale, I was at a solid +2 now. 

By T+2.5hrs, 7pm,  I was fully peaked. I can only describe it as total sensory overload...like my sense of touch, hearing, and sight were cranked way up. I saw EVERYTHING. Mind was racing...felt slightly speedy. However, conversation was very enjoyable and easy...I felt totally absorbed in the simplest of conversations, and words flowed easily from my mouth. Started noticing more visual distortions...some inanimate objects in the house started to take on water-like qualities, almost as if they were made from liquid and swaying with an ever-so-gentle tide. Sometimes I would catch something out of the corner of my eye, try to concentrate on it to see what it was, and it would vanish. Very interesting feeling...when the dog would sniff my hand or it's tail would brush against me, it felt as though it had an electrical charge to it and would make me jump out of my seat a little bit.  Strangely, I felt both totally relaxed, yet anxious at the same time.  The drug does have a slight chemical, speedy vibe to it, but it wasn't too bad.  

We arrived at Worldspirit around 9pm, with the show scheduled to begin at 10. Our first stop was the bar for water & juice (and actually my friends wanted some real drinks). Next to the bar was a small booth set up selling Alex Grey posters...this was quite a moment for me. The pictures seemed to come to life...rays of light pulsed, auras flowed like water, and geometric patterns shifted and rotated. Everything was so subtle though...it was clear, yet different. That might be a way to describe the entire night...just something a little bit different, even though I might not have always been able to put my finger on quite what it was. 

I won't go through describing the whole show, that's not the point of this post...especially since a DVD is coming out of this performance and I wouldn't want to spoil it for anyone. Experienced a lot more visuals throughout the whole night...a tumbleweed on stage looked like it was rotating to the left the entire time, and I was convinced a jagged design on the ceiling was really a water fountain flowing upside down into the roof. Utterly amazing. 

At around 2am the show was over, with a short intermission while the auditorium was cleared of seating & clothing. From 2-4am the place turned into a sort of rave...great music & lights, everyone dancing, sometimes taking breaks to hang out on the mezzanine and check out original artwork or to mingle with some performers. I on the other hand, spent the last two hours drinking water, talking to friends when they took breaks from dancing, and generally just watching everyone. Women appeared more attractive than normal...in fact, I found every woman attractive, much more than I would have sober.  I did feel closer to my friends - the drug has a strong empathic component which felt simliar to MDMA for me.  If I had to equate 5-MeO-AMT to any other drugs I have tried, I'd say it is like a speedy version of MDMA combined with mushrooms.  

The other thing about this drug is that my perception of time was totally shattered. What felt like an hour to me was actually more like 5 minutes...the night lasted an eternity. 

Around 3am, I ran into Alex Grey & his wife. They were just walking around, mingling, talking with friends. I introduced myself to him and got quite a shock of energy when I shook his hand. Such a nice man, and seemed very genuinely humble and kind when I complimented his show and his art. We spoke for about 5 minutes, then I let him get back to his friends. An excellent experience. 

I know I'm leaving out a lot...but I really liked this compound. I will do it again, next time probably at around 10mg. Felt like I was flirting with a precious transcendtal state...maybe in a month or two I'll try again in a more calm setting. All the lights, sounds & people were a bit much for me, and if it wasn't for my friends, I feel I would have been quickly overwhelemd by the sheer sensory overload I was experiencing.  I didn't have any of the nausea, vomiting or diarrhea that others have reported.  I had some trembling of the hands between T+6 hrs and T+8 hours, but it went away immediately with the calming touch of one of my female friends.  

Finally ate some fast food around 5:30am after getting home.  I forced myself to eat... I knew I had to eat something since it had been over 14 hours since my last meal.  Ate a little bit, then sat around and talked to my shrooming friends for a couple of hours.  Finally got to sleep around T+15hrs at 7:30am.  Had a lot of trouble sleeping...would sleep for an hour, wake up, fall back asleep, etc.  If there was another person on 5-MeO-AMT, I would have been totally happy to stay up all day talking and just sleep the following night.   

Well worth a try in my opninion...just be careful, this stuff is very powerful in small doses. Never eyeball it....use a microgram scale or a liquid dosing technique.  Next time, I think I will try a bit of a higher dose and will do it in a more relaxed, less 'busy' atmosphere.  Be prepared for a long ride...this chemical is a very strong stimulant in addition to it's other psychoactive and entheogenic properties.