I had never done any other drug other then weed. I had heard about AMT a few months before i tried it because my friend J's brother had gotten a gram of it. My friend S had done it 3 times also, so i asked him about it, because i was curious about it, and was considering trying it. He described it to me as a combination of acid, and mdma, which i have done neither. I was also nervous about nausea and puking, which S had warned me about.

Before taking it i had decided to purchase an 8th of cannabis, so i had smoked 2 bong packs between a few friends, and was rather baked before taking the AMT. Then went to S house, and smoked a bowl with S, J and myself, so that S was high to. Then at 9 we took the AMT. Smoked another bowl, then a blunt, with our other friend D. I was incredibly baked, and never got naseau, even as i ate food to satisfy my munchies. Every so often i would question S if he was feeling anything he said no. Then at about 10:15 he said i feel it a little. At 11 i was definetly rolling, and at 11:30 was rubbing my face trying to describe what i was feeling to everybody around me, and only 1 other person was on AMT, one was on DXM, one on Cannibus(which we all where) and one was sober. I would try to explain to then what i was feeling, and then it would be interupted by me rubbing my face saying 'WOW', and say 'oh my god, this is the best feeling of my life' This was truly amazing, then the trailors started to kick in at around 12ish.

At around this time the weirdest thing happened, S's cat came in the room. The way the cats fur felt was incredibly, J, and D where talking and whatever, while me and S just sat there touching the Cats fur, it was amazing. When i wasnt touching the fur i would rub the shaved sides of my head it was also amazing. Also techno music was amazing, especially Dj Mystik, the best way to describe it is the song 'exploration of space' by mystik. Also the graphics on the computer where incredibly that went along with windows media player.

A must have is ciggerettes when I take AMT, because I will take 2 drags, start talking to my companion, then be like i want a ciggerette, and it will stil be in my hand. Once everyone had left it was just me and S and we smoked a few bowls, and listened to techno that he made on his computer, when he was on other drugs such as mdma, and amt, it fit the mood perfect. I didnt fall into what you might call 'sleep' until 11:30 am the next morning, and i was still messed up, it was great. i slept til about 2 and had to be at work at 430. 

At work i had the strangest thing happen i work at a banquet center, and the dj was playing country music, but when i was in the hallway near it all i could hear was techno it was incredible.

As for me not getting nasuea, S thinks its because we could not think about it, because we where high from the Cannabis. This is surely a 'WOW' experience. I am taking one this friday again, and buying 1 more and saving it because i dont know when i will be ale to get it again!