[Erowid Note: 
Our understanding of the literature is that there is no such thing as safe recreational use of volatile solvents, aerosols and other street inhalants : their psychoactive effects are inseparable from nerve and organ damage. We have chosen to include these reports to help document the real world use of inhalants, but their inclusion is not intended to imply that they are anything but dangerous.]  

I started using butane and propane and other forms of gas in August 2000. If I would know what I know now, I would never have started. This stuff was never intended for human consumption because it can kill. 

I started blasting butane gas from deodorant, glade, and other aerosols out of curiousity on the effects. That was the biggest mistake of my life. For almost the next two years, I would struggle to kick this dangerous addiction with several relapses. 

Inhalents are VERY potent and is it easy to lose control. I thought I could just take a little bit of the gas and then put it down but, I craved for more deadly quantities. I do actually get a high for a few seconds and then the bottom drops out. I could feel my brain cells frying from these poisons I was inhaling. After I was done, I had this killer headache and felt like my head was going to explode! I consider myself very luckly to be alive.  

My wrong decision to use butane has gotten me arrested, put in jail, put on a cocktail of psychiatric drugs and mental institutions. I almost killed myself three times by inhaling the gases. I just had a frightening near death experience today May 9, 2002. This very well could have been the date on my tombstone. This experience scared the shit out of me and I was pleading with God not to let me die. 

I will never use again because I know next time I may not be so lucky. I plead with you never ever to use inhalents for they are poisons with deadly consequences. I want to tell anyone who is using or is thinking of using inhalants, don't do it! You could be dead after your first breath. Think of how devastated your family and friends would be. There are better things to do than to mess yourself up by sniffing poisons.