First I should say that the only hallucinogen I've ever tried is shrooms in Amsterdam, but I took like two or three individual dried ones from a 1/2 gram packet, so not much happened, no visuals. Other than that just my fair share of weed. 

Anyway, I brought back a vile of 5x Salvia Divinorum from a trip to Amsterdam. I had it for a few months before getting the balls to try it. I was very nervous since I'd read how intense it can be and since I've definitely had some emotional trouble in the past. But a friend of mine had driven up from an unspecified large city and wanted to try. So, we laid out a mattress in my room, left the lights on at first and used a homemade bong (i.e. straw and water bottle). Also I'd like to say the salvia smells very good, like a high quality tea almost, and the smoke goes down really easy w/o coughing or hacking. But on w/ the story.

His experience was different than mine. The first night I was the sitter, he became very happy, and thought mentally he was sober but felt funny and said there's no way things were experienced this cool sober. But he was fully able to walk around and move, talked (a lot of seeming nonsense, yet sometimes very insightful) and even wanted to go outside once where he began to 'fight the wind' which he seemed to think was for obvious reasons. He took to drawing with crayons a bit and generally wearing a huge smile. Overall, he just listened to some music, walked around a little, played catch w/ a pillow (which he really wanted to do) and hung out at my apt. He smokes a little pot and had never done any hallucinogens. Overall, he seemed to retain a certain element of sobriety, though in the beginning really wanted to jump around for some reason.

My turn. So the next night it is my turn. I am very nervous but as his experience was so fun I fired up the bong and took like 3 really good hits. I lay down on the mattress w/ my favourite music (Phish's You enjoy myself) playing in the background. Its very relaxing. So, I lay down not feeling much but my body slowly starts to become a little heavy but generally just feel odd. Yet, mentally I feel sober, my vision slowly became very vivid, colors seemed to cool, especially this blue envelope. the only hallucinations I had were very minor, I thought my friend had a purple stripe across his face for awhile, and that this little white plastic thing was vibrating, but both did not last long. 

After a bit, I decided to take a few more hits which did not seem to add much to the experience. At some points I closed my eyes laying down to see what would occur, but nothing really happened. After a bit, we decided it was ok if he smoked up too since we seemed to be fine together. So he did, and immediately (w/in seconds) was totally gone. We just walked around my apt looking at things (boiling water was especially cool), talking about different objects and their relations (like three soda bottles on top of the fridge). Things, even inanimate, seemed to have feelings that they projected and more 'human' relationships to other things. But, overall we were just intensely happy and felt sober in the mind, but body was very different. It was more like our eyes were just opened to how beautiful the world was and that made us so happy. I feel somehow that I could have more to learn from it and will probably try it again alone in a week or so. I hope this helps someone else, because these experiences seem very different from everything else I've heard.