General Background: 21 year old male, once an extremely heavy user of psychedelics, particularly research chemicals.  Stopped using drugs for a couple of years, after recovering from an opiate/benzodiazepine addiction catalyzed by HPPD/Psychosis (the result of reckless hallucinogen abuse). Recently resumed taking opiates and stimulants extremely sporadically.

I had been feeling antsy all week, and decided that I would indulge in a methamphetamine binge over the weekend.  my contact kept delaying, and I was eager to obtain drugs before friday morning (I work strange hours) in order to ensure I was well stocked by friday night.  on thursday morning I serendipitously awoke with the telephone number of an old drug dealer in my head.  this was curious as I had not called him in about six months and have a bad memory for telephone
numbers.

I met up with him and bought a gram of methcathinone (I emigrated to south Africa a few years ago, and in contrast to the US/UK, methcathinone is a relatively common  substance here, as are methaqualone and 2C-B).  I have never previously ingested this substance.  I started working (I work from home) soon after buying the drugs, and couldn't help but snort a thin rail of the methcathinone (hereafter referred to as 'cat') - perhaps 20mg in total.  I spent the next few minutes sitting at my desk  and working - the onset was fairly gradual.  I noticed my typing was increasing in speed and I was concentrating with pinpoint accuracy and had a very clear mind.  there was not a feeling of euphoria, and no marked libidinal increase (if anything, there was impairment) which are effects that most characterize the mostly-stimulant phenethylamines for me.  (note: I write this later that evening and  am still very much feeling the effects)

I snorted two more lines, and went out to buy some cold drinks, cigarettes and chewing gum. my teeth were grinding, I was licking my lips, I had a slight temperature - I was high. something unusual I noticed was that I was not smoking very many cigarettes.  I usually smokeforty a day, and much more when I am speeding.  I would light a cigarette, take a few puffs,place it in an ashtray and then forget about it while immersed in my work (computer programming).I also noticed that I would be sitting in traditionally uncomfortable positions, though I could ignorethe irritating build up of lactic acid in my thighs caused by such postures.  intermittently I would notice my shoulder muscles were raised and tense and would consciously relax them, though this is not unheard of when I am sober.  another physiological effect I consistently noticed was a greatly amplified sense of smell.

My thought patterns were not significantly affected - I experienced extremely mild paranoia when walking to the 7-11, but I suffer from social anxiety so it is to be expected.  when speaking to colleagues on the telephone, I did not emit the hyperactive, prodigiously energetic monologue that I expect from amphetamines.  on the contrary, I believe I spoke less than usual, and my comments sometime struck me as sounding stilted, repetitious and perhaps shallowly affected (though that may be attributable to background-paranoia). 

After doing another larger line (~40mg), I spent the last few hours of the work day in an intense, zen-like state of robotic concentration, and I accomplished roughly three man-days of work within that time period.  I was quite impressed with myself throughout.  I felt subsumed by a ruthlessly mechanical systematism, periodically gathering my thoughts and then flawlessly implementing them with faultless short term memory.  the lack of both uncharacteristic euphoria or a heightened sense of empathy directly contributed to my unbroken focus. all of the characteristics of the mental-state commonly called 'flow'.

As I finished up with work, I noticed I was mildly dehydrated and my leg muscles were fairly tense, which is to be expected.  I was also getting hungry, which indicated that the effects were subsiding. after talking a short walk to the 24-hour store, I returned home and took stock.  I decided I would make a night of it, and I divided the remaining 800mg into several massive lines and insufflated them at fifteeen minute intervals.

The burn was significant, and I experienced considerable nausea once or twice as large amounts of the cat slid down my throat, though this was mitigated by chewing flavoured gum and drinking water.  what I can garner from the literature indicates that 800mg is a non-inconsiderable amount of this material to snort, though I did not experience a 'rush', but the familiar amphetamine body load was very much present, much more so than previously (wildly tingling scalp, hot/cold flushes, absolutely dripping with sweat.