I just lost my job and began to feel isolated after a month or so searching and getting nowhere, so I decided to go on a spiritual quest for health and vitality in my spare time.  

My props were a candle reflected into a blank television screen and slow repetitive trance like music from a 3d atlas program.  

My memory is blurred about how long I was concentrating on the flame's reflection but after *some* time, I start to hear these little voices being horrible to me, and it was quite funny some of the sarcastic things I was percieving as sound...I thought, hey it must be those witches that I live next door to and their brain waves are coming thru the wall at me or something.  I think think, nah, wtf am I on...then the candle goes out, and then comes back... hmm I start making up a scientific reason why this should happen (the windows and door are shut and I'm nowhere near it so it cant be my breath..oddness)  Then it happens again... fuck me, whats this ?  So I begin to picture them on little clouds...and we start having a chat.  Not realising, I have actually induced a state of hypnosis on my self and I start thinking I'm this all powerful god of the spirit world so I then begin to flirt and get all giggly, I fall asleep.

I try the same thing again the next night and... Bam, I get the sensation of a 9 inch nail striking me thru the very top of my head and I'm compelled to start fighting these invisible creatures on my bed... my face is contorting and I'm ground fighting like off one of those gay UFC videos.  'I suspect its the boyfriends of the two girls next door attacking me' I dream to myself.  After much fun I decide I've had enough and my knees and elbows are sore from all of this..I crawl on my hands and knees down the stairs to get a glass of milk, I hear a strange noise outside that sounds too much like a live duck to ignore. I live in the middle of a city and its late at night...I decide _not_ to investigate as I'm certain its trap of some sort.

Some nights later...I take a break to physically recover, but its been fun so far so I take myself into a deep trance again...nothing happens so i decide to watch telivision.  I hear a car pull up outside my house with a mighty screech and it just waits there with its engine purring...wtf I think.  I immediately assume that someone has hired a hitman to come and kill me so I hide behind a sofa and the car drives away.  

I cannot begin to describe the feelings of pain and torture that came over my brain a few minutes later but I will try.  Imagine that someone has sliced your brain in halves and one half wants to go one way and the other wants to go the other way,  at the same time being electrocuted in the head AND hearing _many_ voices telling u that you HAVE died and that THIS is how you will feel forever in the afterlife...

I smash thru one of my windows, punch the shit out of a brick wall then the police and an ambulance arrive.  It takes about an hour for the pain to subside enough to relax. Luckily they managed to calm me down and then I go to bed after crying for half an hour.

I waited for a month or so before I tried again, here's what happened.  I feel someTHING entering thru my chest, like a force.  It happens several more times, I lose count...Then wow, I'm having a multiple orgasm and my back is arching like...I've never seen a porn flick with anyone cumming this hard.  After a few minutes its all over and I have a cigarette with this spirit for making me feel so good inside and out.  I start asking personal questions about who or what it is and it goes...btw I didn't ejac or anything like that, i just felt VERY good.

Another night, I wake up at around 3 or 4 am and I'm slashing around, grimacing like a monster...and the voices are telling me that a loved one is in trouble and I'm a werewolf summoned to protect her, so I go downstairs to await further instruction, then the voice goes and im walking/behaving normally again.

I have not been able to write about these experiences for a long time, all of this happened 6 months ago and I've since began reading about correct meditation practise.  I've learned that I may have contacted the dead and possibly some animal spirits.  I suggest researching an author called Wong Kiew Kit, for practical advice on how to meditate correctly, without invoking demons and opening portals that should be left shut.

As a side note, I do not believe it had anything to do with the witches next door, although one of them does have red hair, I have decided not to bring up the topic for fear of imprisonment under the mental health act.

peace