I went to visit a friend in Philadelphia.  We were planning to go out and see the city, but we were inhibited by a freak freezing rain storm in April.  My friend had been going through a 'legal drug phase' recently, and brought out his recent purchases for us to admire.  He (A) had never done salvia before, but had a 10X extract. His friend My boyfriend (K), who was also there had done salvia before, but had not had a positive experience.  He did not elaborate on this.  I had not done salvia before, but decided since I, too, had been a little into the legal drug scene lately, it was something that I would be willig to try.  We decided to try smoking the salvia out of a water bong, and A tried first.  As soon as he got done smoking, he said 'Hey, yeah, this stuff is pretty cool.'  And just sat there watching the TV, on which a DVD of Caribou videos (Marino) was playing.  I was a little tentative since my boyfriend had had a bad experience, but A's friend J said, 'So I'll try it if someone else does, who's coming with me?' and I said that I would.

I smoked one hit, held it in my lungs.  Nothing happened.  I passed the bong to J.  He loaded it and smoked.  He seemed relaxed.  K decided to give savlia another try since we all were, and loaded and smoked.  He also seemed relaxed.  I was annoyed I didn't feel anything, and tried another hit.  This time I took a bigger hit, held it in my lungs for what felt like an eternity.  I liked the way the smoke felt in my lungs, it was a very cool sensation.  I exhaled, and was setting the bong on the floor while saying 'Nothing happened again!' when something happened.  All I could see was a bright reddish pink color.  It was pleasant, but completely overwhelming.  All I knew about the world was pink, I didn't know who I was, where I was, or that anything else existed.  My only reality pink.  

After soaking this in for a bit, I slowly began to realize that I was part of this pinkness, and the pink I was seeing was construction paper.  I realized that I was part of this big construction paper world.  I also realize, due to a pressure on my leg that someone was slowly cutting out my appendages from the rest of the construction paper world so that I could have a body.  Even though I was not unhappy to be part of the construction paper world, I was very happy that I would be able to move around on my own.  When the 'master cutter' as I was envisioning this person to be was done cutting my legs, I moved them ever so slightly.  It felt good to have my own legs.  Then my arms were cut out.  A pressure I was feeling on my right arm dissipated, and I realized that it was free.

This whole time, I had been sitting on a couch next to K, and he was sitting next to J.  The real world started to come into view and I saw J's face.  I was so happy to see him.  I wanted to show him my arm's were free, so I began to move them ever so slightly up and down and kept this movement up.  All the time, I was laughing because I was so happy to move my arms.  I thought J understood, and that he had been cut free, too.  I looked to K to show him my arms.  He gave me a look as if I were crazy.  I said 'Well, you just don't understand!'  He didn't respond.  I was confused, but didn't dwell on my confusion.  

I then realized the TV, and saw the videos.  A cartoon of a man riding a horse, who both seemed to be out of construction paper, were on the TV.  I looked at J to see if he realized the man and horse had been set free by the master cutter as well.  He realized I was looking at him, and said 'That's your horse!'  I realized it was my horse.  How did that man get my horse?  Where was he taking him?  I wished I had my horse back, but I was glad to see him.  'Oh yeah!'  I said.  J was still talking about how the man had my horse, but I was laughing.  I couldn't contain my laughter.  K was looking at me as if I were crazy, still.  I said 'Why don't you understand?' and went to the bathroom.  When I was in the bathroom, I realized I had a 'permasmile', one of those smiles that you can't control.  I slowly began to realize that my construction paper world had been a hallucination, and tried to get myself under control.  I worried that maybe I had been / said/ or done something really weird when I had been in this other world.  I tried not to worry about it, and went into the other room.

The others were still watching TV, and I said 'You guys, I just thought I was a piece of construction paper.  They all started laughing, and said one of the videos had been figures that were all made out of construction paper.  I also realized at that time that J had been feeding my hallucination by telling me that the horse was mine.  Things started to really make sense again.  

The rest of the night, I was very happy and relaxed.  I laughed a lot, but part of that was due to marjuana that we smoked later.  All in all, I really enjoyed my salvia experience and am looking forward to trying it again.