This report is a retrospective summary of my ketamine usage over a two year period and how it came to a sad and confusing end.  First a little background.  I began using drugs in high school, starting with alcohol, weed, and ecstasy.  Eventually I discovered ketamine through a friend of mine.  He gave me a small dose and I absolutely loved the effects (a trippy drunk feeling).  I knew that I had to fully explore the possibilities of this strange and extremely powerful substance.

A few weeks passed and I was presented with the opportunity to buy small twenty bags (probably around 1/10 gram) of K.  As with any new drug I started with small lines to gauge the effects.  Over the next several months of occasional use the lines got larger and larger until I was experiencing full on K-holes.  The experiences I had were utterly amazing.  No other drug can compare to the deep state of 'nothingness' that K transports me to. (I won't comment on the full effects of those trips here because they really don't relate to this report. Maybe I'll write about them another day.)

When I moved to a large city to attend college I gained easy access to bottles or licks as we called them.  I would buy 1-2 licks a week and cook the liquid down to powder with the intent of selling most of it and keeping a small portion for myself.  At first this proved to be extremely lucrative but as my love for ketamine grew so did my usage.  Soon I was sniffing almost all the K that I bought, usually doing a 1/4 gram before I went to bed at nite and even more on weekends.

After about two months of constant usage I started having a trend of bad trips.  No longer could I gain access to the K-hole, no matter how much I sniffed.  Instead I would walk around incredibly f*cked up, heart racing, thinking I was on the verge of death. After about two months of constant usage I started having a trend of bad trips.  No longer could I gain access to the K-hole, no matter how much I sniffed.  Instead I would walk around incredibly f*cked up, heart racing, thinking I was on the verge of death.  This was not anything like the near death experience that commonly associated with K, where one is not scared of dying.  These trips were full on panic attacks that still haunt me to this day.

It was at this point that I abandoned ketamine forever. (Some may ask why I never tried injecting K intramuscularly.  The answer is that needles scare the daylights out of me.)  I am glad that I stopped when I did because at the time of writing, over a year later, I am feeling what I believe to be the long term effects of K.

My field of vision is screwed up, I get strange muscle twitches, I have trouble expressing my thoughts sometimes, and most of all I just have a giant feeling of emptyness.  My friends poke fun at me all the time because of my burnt out state but I don't think it's funny at all.  Hopefully, these effects will be short lived but I'm not completely sure because there is too little research on the long term effects of ketamine.<!--My only advice to current and future users is to watch yourself because it is very easy to get sucked into a ketamine addiction.  Respect this drug and it will unfold the universe to you, do too much and you'll end up like me - a burnt out k-head.-->