My experience with Morning Glory came when I was looking for an alternative to Mushrooms, which were pretty hard on my stomach. I did much research and decided this would be an excellent substance to try. I ordered 28grams of Heavenly Blue Morning Glory seeds. After what seemed like a wait forever, they came one day before the day of my intended trip. We were planning on going to the Art Museum in our city for our big day. We usually like to do stimulating activities while under control of psychotropic substances. 

The morning of my adventure came; I woke up around 10:00 am, and went to have a breakfast, with two close friends. My only fear with morning glory was the nausea often associated with the seeds. So I thought having a light meal and some ginger or marijuana would help things digest. 

After Breakfast, my friends and I put on some music, and started munching 250 seeds each. There was some debate prior to this as to up the dose to maybe 300, given that we were certainly not rookie trippers, never the less after countless, we all agreed this should be fine for our first time. 

Chewing the seeds to a fine pulp and allowing them to sit in my mouth while the active chemical is absorbed isn't the most pleasant thing in the world. 

So after finishing our piles, we thought it would be a good idea to relax until we started to feel the LSA. After about 25 minutes of ingesting the seeds, my nausea had grown to the point of vomiting, and promptly emptied my guts in the sink. Immediate relief fell over me. We decided it was time to go. 

Walking down the street, we all began to feel it, very subtle alterations of perceptions time and sound; nothing too intense at all. As these feelings grew, so did the nausea of one of my other friends. We went into a small park, and sat on a bench so he could relax. The bricks, which laid the walkway, seemed to bubble, and alter. Hypnotizing geometric patterns fell over me, while still having a relativity "clear" head. I stood up to look around at some statues, when my friend vomited quickly into a snow bank. After immediately feeling relief from a stomach full of seeds, we proceeded to the art gallery. 

On the way, I felt much better almost thinking that I was sober, when in fact this was just the dip in the first wave of LSA. LSA, much like LSD has an initial, coming up and plateau, following by up and down waves of effect. 

Upon arrival at the gallery, we quickly paid our fee and enjoyed the first couple of paintings. We passed a series of human sculptures of wood, which seemed to come to life and know what we were doing. We entered a main gallery room with bright colored paintings riddling the wall and a tape of an artist speaking on their life in repeat. Things started to pick up, my friend who hadn't vomited said he was tripping pretty hard and wasn't feeling the best. I agreed with that statement and thought I was going to vomit again. I went to the bathroom and just sat, alone and collected my thoughts, I felt better. With the tiles in the bathroom all-blending together in geometric patterns, I joined my friends again, and sensed this wasn't the place for us now. 

I felt very lethargic, heavy, slow, tired and dazed, after realizing that things were only getting worse we re-evaluated our scene and decided to get a cab, and go back to our residence. While the three of us just relaxed in our friend's room, we lost all perception of time. Closing my eyes, my brain seemed to flash random images and thoughts with no conceivable similarities. 

With my friends feeling slight abdominal discomfort I suggested we go smoke some pot to try to feel some relief. They agreed, and after a long battle to will our tired bodies up and outside we left the building. We smoked for a while, and the pot hit me like a ton of bricks. I've never felt any sort of pot high like that before. With the pot not really doing a whole lot for my friends, a Police Car, screeching right by us with full lights and sound, interrupted our thoughts. Terrible vibrations were all around us, as we walked away. 

I felt an interesting surrealism much like first vibes of mushroom high. Over dinner I felt more and more paranoid and afraid of my surroundings and just wanted to be somewhere where there wasn't so much activity. I went home and fell into bed while listening to some Radiohead and fell into a deep trance sleep state. I woke up about an hour later, feeling much more normal and after a quick bite to eat. Began to write this. 

My entire ordeal lasted from about 12-6 p.m. with subtle after effects for many hours. In retrospect the trip was very interest and like nothing any of us had ever experienced before. It was a constant battle with our bodies, and minds, which proved to be exhausting.

In reality the only "bad" part of the trip was the stomach discomfort, pain, and nausea, which greatly influenced our experiences. We agreed that without the stomach upset this would be a very mystical experience, I thought epically when mixed with Cannabis. Our bodies were not designed to ingest mass quantities of seeds.