Its now saturday morning, I'm still tripping off a dose of amt I took at 9 last night, 15 hours so far and its been great.

I got a few doses of amt from a friend of mine which came in the form of a putrid smelling powder, I put a few doses in gel caps and took 1 at around 9 on friday night with a friend. I had skipped dinner because i heard you can get nausa and stomach discomfort, so all i had eaten was a sandwhich at about 1 o'clock that day. 

Within the first hour I could begin to feel the effects, slight upset stomach, but it went away as quickly as it came. Starting with the second hour and going on the whole trip a general sence of euphoria was strong. What ever music was playing was great to listen to. Although I could feel the euphoria my general mental state was mildly tripping, but clear headed, no visuals yet. At this point the setting is a bumping party, contrary to what i read on some of the trip reports, amt is an exelent recreational drug!! 

Once 4 oclock rolled around (T+7) we decided to smoke some weed. This was probably the best thing we couldve done, the synergy between the amt and the weed worked soo amazingly together. Within minutes after smoking I got intense visuals, not so much closed eye, but amazing open eye hallucinations. I have tripped off acid a few times before, but never got visuals like I did with the amt. From the point we smoked weed till around 4 hours later the peak of my trip was being experienced. At some points I would just be looking at the tile floor melt and move around, then all of a sudden I felt like I was rolling. I got the strong euphoria and even the eye jiggles. Although its still not done yet I would rate my amt experience as the best drug experience I've had. Although very close in second would have to be rolling. 

Overall this trip has been really good. Mental alertness lasting throughout the trip (execept around T+12hrs, but a short nap recharged me) good euphoria, and coupled with weed a strong trip full of crazy visuals. I would recomend this to anyone who likes tripping and rolling, just be sure you have a place to be when you start peaking as your sure to sound ridiculous. This is not the kind of drug i try just by myself, cause when your tripping 15+ hours its good to have someone else whos going through the same thing.

This is especially true if the amt is taken at night, because when its 7 oclock the next morning and your still tripping balls, many people who arent on it will pass out, so this way youll have some company. This is definaltly something i would like to do again, probably the same dose...but not for a while. Even though I've had a great time the whole way through, tripping 18 hours can take a toll on you, so i'd wait a while before i tried it again. If you can come by any AMT i highly recomend it, prepare yourself for a big trip mentally and youll have the time of your life.