I'd been going to drug counselling for a month or two, and had been without my good friend codeine for almost 8 weeks. Despite the fact I was on fluvoxamine (an anti-depressant and aid in treatment for obsessive-compulsive disorders) I was beginning to feel pretty depressed again, and with my friend's party coming up on a Saturday, I decided to do C the day after my appointment with my counsellor.

Having gone for so long without the drugs, I wanted to hit myself hard. I chose to take approx 320 mg codeine orally (extracted from aspirin with codeine), along with some valium I'd bought off a friend of mine the day before. 2 pills for $10.

When I got to the party, I took the codeine I had filtered and bottled, and then both tabs of valium. I lay on the my friend's bedroom floor, watching him play Resident Evil, and waited for the effects.

It took about 10 minutes before I began to feel the codeine coming on, which was the usual: a feeling of warmth all over the body, utter contentment, an urge to smile and listen to music. The music from the games he was playing put me in an odd mind set, and I began to grin and giggle. 

It was another 20-30 minutes before I felt a shift in my mood, which I assume was the valium taking hold. I found I could barely lift my body; I had to actually drag myself with my arms from place to place, and even then I couldn't go more than a few feet at a time. The world was swimmy and dizzying, but it didn't make me nauseous, which is odd because I get sick easily. At the time I did not realize it, but now I remember I could barely understand what was happening. I heard people yelling 'that kid's on chemicals', but at the time I could only laugh and giggle at them.

At about 9:00, my friends' weed 'shipment' arrived, so they broke out the popper bottles and I was offered a hit, despite already being fucked up beyond belief. I took one popper, and immediately it was as though my mind separated from reality. The experience is impossible to describe, other than when I actually had control over my mind, I was sure I was going to die. Two dealers at the party tried to dispose of my tripping ass out in a dark lot behind my friend's house. Luckily I was saved by my friend J, and after throwing up my mind began to return.

It was definitely the scariest experience of my life. I've heard people talk about how opiates shouldn't be mixed with other drugs, and after that night I definitely agree. If you're going to take an opiate, I suggest you take it by itself.