I started growing mushrooms in my dorm room to get a preemptive advantage on a high demand market.  Oh, and did they grow!!  With minimal work, in two weeks I had about an ounce of mushrooms; they were all large capped.  

I had shroomed before several times, all under the dose of 1/16th of an ounce.  They were all great experiences.  Deep, fluid waves moving through my body with every spark of a seemingly genious thought.  Walls swirled with colors and they danced in harmony to music.

Then came the day to test out my product.  My friend, I will call him 'other', each took about an 1/8th of an ounce.  It was hard to tell the exact weight since I had harvested them a few hours earlier.  Other is a drug guru and I trust his dry-weight estimate.  Man, do fresh shrooms go down A LOT easier.  We started to walk onto my college's main campus, when it suddenly hit us.

I felt so in touch with my mind that I could visualize myself physically grasping it and eventually becoming one with it.  A merged body and mind.  I will note that I am a practicing buddhist and I will assure you that hallucinogens cannot give you the same kind of mind-body experiences that deep practiced meditation can.  Anyhow, I still like to fuck around with drugs sometimes.

We aimlessly wandered around admiring the beauty of our school's late 1800s architecture.  The amazing concrete and stone works were waving with my thoughts.  We debated for an hour on how one particular section of a building was aging more than the other -- meaningless arguments, but at the time I though I was coming up with the deepest thoughts I have ever had.  After about four hours of good shrooming, we walked back to my room where we each consummed more, this time 1/4 ounce each.  We walked back to his room and watched episodes of the simpsons.

Good god was that AWESOME.  Bart, Lisa, Marge, and Homer were all over the room, or at least I thought.  Geometric shapes lost their form to huge waves moving across my field of vision.  Then other had the great idea of smoking some weed.  We smoked one bowl rather quickly, and soon enough things started to get out of control.

I felt like my brain's thinking processor, if you will, was running at light speed.  I was able to think about a thousand different things at once, without losing track.  As this progressed, with the psilocybin and THC working their magic on my mind, I started to ponder the real state of things and existance itself, for that matter.  As I was philosphizing, my thoughts began to simulate the effect of a convection current, imagine flying in and out of donut, yes, like that.  It was that where I could only actually think about an idea that was passing through the 'hole' of the donut, however I was still able to keep track of what else was in this cycle.  My thoughts could simply not deviate from this cycle.

At first I thought it was amazing, so I starting writing my thoughts down.  This proved to be too difficult since the paper was not holding form in my mind and my newly written text looked like it was magically appearing; The ink didnt appear on the page until the tip of the pen was six inches away, this was cool.  I wrote down as much as I could, but then something snapped, I think caused my me frantically writting down my thought before they would exit the 'hole' only to have to wait until the next orbit to continue my genious scripture.  

This was getting really frustrating.  I closed my eyes to take a break, but my hand would not stop writting.  I filled three notebook pages in medium-large text, and the scary thing is, you can read it pretty damn well, and it has nothing to do with what I was thinking at this time.  You have to love muscle memory!  At this point I was lost in an internal debate on the topic of reality.  'How can you perceive the world as real if it is just an interpretation of your mind?' I asked myself.  On the pages were things written like: 'Drugs can lead your life,' 'Paranioianioia,' 'Sometimes I think drugs bring out the true genious in me, PSYCHO!'  While I was thinking about Buddhist beleifs, my subconscience was writing whatever it wanted.  I bet a psychologist would love to see these pages.

I opened my eyes after a good hour, it seemed, based on the number of songs.  (Weird that the music kept track of time for me, when usually shrooms make you lose all perception of time.)  I looked down at the pages, and saw not only sentences, but pretty good drawings, one of a human-like creature with roots for feet, and spagetti for arms holding his hands together over his head, and another of my thoughts flying through a torus (donut shape).  The human/tree/italian dish's hair and facial features suprised me, I didnt know I could make a person look that real.

After analyzing my actions in my altered state of mind, I decided to stop, and smoke more, two more bowls.  I could definatly feel the shrooms wearing off and the THC still going strong.  My thinking sets transformed to clam and soothing, rather than intense and somewhat paranoid.  Then an hour later I passed out.

I woke up 3 hours later in a slightly sweaty shirt.  I thought I was sobered up by this point, probably because I was still confused from suddenly waking.  About half-way back to my room, I knew I wasnt sober.  I honestly thought that I was a pirate on a treasure island searching for treasure while being stalked by natives.  This was actually scary and yes, very cool, as it took about a 5 minute walk into 45 minutes.  

When I got back into my room, I picked up my last bag of shrooms and put them in the bottom of my sock drawer.

---Taylor the pi-bond---