I guess i have a sort of 'correction' for the great article that mr. william e. white wrote entitled 'this is your brain on dissociatives.' 

When explaining Ketamine, mr. White states that it is used on children as an anaesthetic because they 'don't get the psychedelic effects of dissociatives.'  This is not true, or at least, not always true.  

When i was 7 years old (1986)i had to undergo a muscle biopsy and was given K to knock me out.  The problem was that they didn't give me enough K to render me completely unconscious; i was floating over the operating table, looking down on myself and the doctors, seeing the incision, the blood leaking out, and hearing them chatter away.  I then went to the next level- full astral projection.  At one point i opened my physical eyes and started looking around (remember, i was 7 and confused).  

I remember clearly the doctors noticing i was awake and saying 'holy shit, this kids awake!!! get more, NOW!' and within moments i was given several more injections of *something* and was out cold until i woke up in the recovery room, still feeling the nasty k hangover.  Ever since that experience i've been a very different person in relation to my peers and others around me.  i took something back with me; some of it good, but definately some of it very EVIL as i have been plagued by vivid nightmares, daymares and perceptions of and attractions to darkness on levels that most people don't even imagine exist.  

I also acquired a 'sense' for things, its like i can see things for what they really are, breaking through situations and circumstances and seeing the spiritual roots behind them.  i am a christian, though i have since that operation had tremendous difficulties with demonic oppression which can sometimes 'slide' into a type of possession.  shit, if you think giving a hit of ACID to a 7 year old is a bad idea.... ketamine is so much more (but you know that).

Two years ago i ran into some K and bought it, not knowing anything about it.  I started with little bumps to catch a buzz, then one night took more than I thought I did and seperated from my body again and had a full blown OBE/NDE, melted into the universal collective light energy and was graced by the presence of God himself (itself).

As soon as the sensation of the dose hit me i KNEW beyond a shadow of a doubt that this same ketamine was what they gave me when i was a little kid, as that experience was immediately brought back to my mind in vivid detail and feeling, as if i was living it all over again.  I did my homework, learned more about k (thanks, erowid!!!) and discovered that in 1986 they did in fact give me K.  my whole life made so much more sense to me... I finally had an explaination as to why i was so incredibly different from the others (as a little kid I didn't consciously realize the connection between my mind/soul and my surgery).  

So, basically I'm saying that K does work on kids (at least me).