At 7:30pm that day I decided to give my HBW seeds a try. I did suck up a lot of info, as I usually do for months before approaching a new substance.
I decided to eat the seeds on an empty stomach, since I read a lot about the nausea and I really am not looking forward to getting sick on something that is supposed to bring me something pleasant. I decided to keep a sheet of paper and a pen close by, so I can take notes and retell everything, especially the time, which usually gets lost on those experiences.

Back to the report: 7:30pm 6 HBW seeds on an empty stomach, while my baguettes were in the microwave, I was hungry and figured I would be able to eat shortly after I consume the seeds. I'd say about 5 mins after the ingestion my baguettes were ready, but by that time I was not feeling like eating anymore. I was still very hungry but a whole bunch of symptoms began to show....I was NOT expecting the (hammer crushed) seeds to work that fast!! I became VERY hot and felt VERY uncomfortable, VERY dizzy...it was just extreme. And I felt a belly ache, I figured it might be my pants or too tight shorts or something like that....usually not a problem because I have a nice flat belly. I also felt like my wrists are being cut off from circulation, so I pulled my sleeves up, didn't help though.

So I decided to take a bite, after all I was hungry and eating might help me feel better --- NOT. About 10 minutes after those 2 bites I was only able to take those 2 bites decided to come out again, I felt SOOO sick (well I was, doh). Funny thing is though, about 5 mins after vomiting I was sitting in front of my computer and was laughing again, because somehow it was cool. The unpleasant feelings had somewhat disappeared, I felt relieved and better. Only for a little while though.

We are at 8pm now, I have marked four words on my 'trip sheet': dizzy, spinning, tired, disoriented.  I figured the fatigue might come from my workout that afternoon and it was the least thing I was worried about. 

8:10pm: the physical fatigue became extreme, my forarms seemed more cut off than before and my hands almost numb, even so they were functioning alright. I also thought that maybe the lack of energy might have been caused by the lack of food.....I eat a lot all the time and drug experiences are always terrible because I'm hungry but mostly not able to consume anything. But never experienced that fatigue before.  The phone rang twice, I was not able to answer it, felt way too uncomfortable for that.

Now here's quite a turning point in my story....this was not planned to be the normal living room experience, I had tickets for 'Sixth Sense' and was going there at around 8:15pm (movie started at 8:30). I was close to cancelling, but I figured I have the tickets and the nausea might go by. If I would have had to drive I would have remained in my living room, but I didn't want to look for excuses, since I was getting picked up.
Didn't talk much on the way to the movies and was just hoping not to get sick again. My stomach decided otherwise at around 8:28 though and I puked big time again, but with no food intake that wasn't very good. I got a hold of myself though and went in there at 8;30 and actually felt fine now.
What were the effects? I had a change of perception, somewhat like on mushrooms, but without anything moving or changing shape. It just looked like you look through some twisted glass or so, but everything the same. Besides, the movie was excellent on HBW, I had to laugh quite a few times though when nobody else did and I was fascinated by my perception...I saw everything from a third eye perspective, like I was watching a movie on TV where I can see myself sitting in the theater. Awesome.

That was pretty much all that happened, I was lucky to find someone to drive me home right after the movie, since I was starving but not willing to go with the rest of them to some bar. I ate the cold baguettes at home (yuck) and fortunately did not get sick anymore. I sat at home and played some computer game on the internet with a friend and enjoyed the view.
The entire trip was VERY unemotional though, that somewhat disappointed me. I felt completely indifferent all the time. I'll definitely look into it again, but I HAVE to find something against that nausea...if that won't go away I won't touch the seeds again, because if I have to throw up something it can't be alright and that means I won't do it to my body.