One day a good friend of mine named Dave told me that he had 'Datura'. And that I'd trip nuts. Me at the time already had, had experience with SPIRIT WALK, SNURF or SNUFFADELIC PILLS, etc, was more than abliged to take him up on his offer. I had tripped many times, and loved it. I went to his house sometime in the evening. He had ordered a large baggy of Datura leaves off the internet. 

I'd say around 9pm or so we ground up a good 12 grams or more into a semi-fine powder. We then got some Lipton Tea bags and emptied the contents and replaced them with our Datura powder. We boiled the bags in the water until it was a dark green like he had read on the web. We poured one glass a piece and chugged the gutwrenching tea down, doing our best to ignore the horrible smell and taste. (Writing about it makes me sick, it's so bad.) After about 30 minutes or so we just felt like we were really drunk. So I decided to drink another glass but only finished half of it. BAD IDEA PEOPLE!

Another 20 minutes flew by and I realized that I felt like there was not the least bit of moisture in my mouth/throat. It was very hard to swallow and I felt like I had to urinate very badly. But as most reports conclude, only drips follow the 'have to pee' sensation.

We decided to go into Dave's room to listen to some good ol' MINDLESS SELF INDULGENCE. Which happens to be FUCKING awesome music to listen to while tripping or just straight stoned. He sat at his desk chair in front of his computer and I sat in another desk chair a few feet away. As I silently enjoyed the music I began to notice a scratching sound close to my head. I turned to see Dave's zombie-fied iguana, with blood pouring from it's mouth, perched on the back of MY chair. F.Y.I. Dave's iguana died a week prior to this day. Not remembering I was tripping, I ran from his room across the hall into the bathroom, smack into the wall near the sink.

I got up and looked in the mirror and the sight of my own face made me laugh uncontrollably. I then left the bathroom and walked into the living room where Dave's sister was having a little get-together with her friends. They were unaware I was on anything until I ran up to one of her friends and fell to the floor 2 feet in front of them because my legs suddenly gave out as I was running. I got up and sat on the couch and thought I was fishing. (I know this only because of eye witness accounts. haha I don't remember fishing.) I then got up, not sure how much time I took to fish, but I remember making my way into his driveway to see a platoon of modern day US soldiers scouting his yard. I brushed it off not thinking anything odd about it.

I walked to my car to find my 14 yr old brother(who wasn't even in the same city at the time) in my driver's seat. I got all pissy and demanded that he get the hell out of my car but he just sat there staring out the window. So I told him I was gonna go tell my mom(who wasn't there either). I proceeded to the front door of Dave's house, and took one last look back to see that my car door was open but no one was in it. So I got in my car and tried to start it only to break my key off in the ignition. At that exact moment I didn't give a shit. I got out, shut the door and went back inside and went to the bathroom to piss. I managed to urinate successfully, yet I imagined that I unzipped and all. I pissed my pants and then just stood in front of his toilet until his older brother barged in to find me soaked in my own urine. He asked me what happened, and knowing what I did, I for some reason told him that somebody threw beer on me.

Long story short, I ended up finally falling asleep, and awoke the next day at 10am when I was supposed to be at work at 9. I went to work late thinking the trip was over, only to spend my first 3 hours at work talking to co-workers that didn't work that day, and customers about random problems I had going on at that time. My manager realized I was on something and sent me home. Needless to say I should have been smart like Dave and read up on this shit before doing it. I've done it 3 or 4 more times since, only to do even crazier shit. But I've typed entirely too much as it is, so I hope what I've written thus far is educational in some twisted way.

P.S. Breaking my key off in the ignition was probably the worst of this particular trip, but I've had extremely way worse events occur during later Datura trips.<!--DATURA IS NOT A JOKE. IT WILL FUCK YOU UP AND CAN CAUSE INJURY AND/OR DEATH. IF YOU USE IT, USE WITH CAUTION. --> Even though I've done it a total of 5 or 6 times I refuse to ever do it again because of things that have happened while on it.