A friend of mine had 2 bottles of unisom. I ended up going back to this girls house and we both split one bottle of Unisom each. My brother who had just taken 12 of those little blue pills earlier started saying how fucked up he was. That his heart was beating really fast, and he had trouble breathing. This got me and my friend nervous so I decided to go back to my house with my parents home. We took in a guitar and went straight upstairs to my room to not act suspicious.

About 50 minutes in my trip I started feeling really fucked up, I actually tried to make myself throw up, succeeding. However, none of those little blue pills came out and I think that made my trip even more intense. I went back into my room upstairs and sat on my computer. My friend was sitting on my bed just looking at me with buggy eyes. I pretty much sat in front of my computer pretending to be busy, even picking up my bass guitar one in awhile so I didn't act so suspicious doing nothing in my room.

Well the first part of the trip started happening when my friend started, saying shit like 'dah bah floaty der floaba?' I looked at him and said he was completely incoherent and I couldn't make out anything he said. Then I noticed that his face was all red and blotchy, and his face was blowing up. I've tripped on a bunch of mushrooms before and never noticed this kind of hallucination so I didn't know this was one of them. I got all panicky and almost thought about calling the ambulance, but decided I was probably just tripping. 

The next phase of my trip was pretty messed up as well. I was sitting in front of my computer just staring at the google webpage and focusing on my breathing. I found it really hard to breath and swallow. So my friend starts going to the bathroom every 5 minutes and I start getting sketched out thinking my parents will wonder what's going on upstairs. Well the next thing I remember is my friend tucker going downstairs and not making any sense to my parents. He asked my stepdad for a nutcracker and he knew he was fucked up. For some reason my parents weren't too pissed off about it, and they had no idea I was tripping. I focused all my energy into talking and pulled off being able to talk.

This is when things get really fucking weird. After telling my stepdad that everything will be alright and to leave me alone I start tripping hard. I walked to the door to close it after he left it opened, and I felt like I was 600 pounds, and very unbalanced. I walked back to my computer and sat down for the most intense couple of hours of my life. I started looking at my walls and my bass guitar case. They were all rippling pretty hard, and I knew I was in for a crazy trip. I started sitting down without talking because it took too much energy to talk.

The first crazy halucination I saw was really freaky. I looked down at my subwoofer and saw a giant tarantula spinning a web around a big stack of papers. This happened for the rest of the night. The tarantula was really fucking smart though, he was building a roof for him, and pulling all the papers closer together to build a crazy house for himself. I start getting really freaked out about this, and when my friend finally came back upstairs I tried to have him look at it. I tried for a half hour to get him to notice it, but he was too fucked up and pretending to smoke cigarettes that he didn't have. I inspected my subwoofer closer and noticed tons of water spiders crawling all over the floor. I actually had a hallucination that my subwoofer was actually filled up with water, and that all these spiders housed themselves there all the time. For some reason I stayed in my chair all night and occasionally looked at the floor just to make sure there were no spiders on me.

Then... The wires from the back of my subwoofer became vines and appeared to be grabbing at me, this really freaked me out and jumped back pretty violently. For the rest of the night I kept getting these spasms like how you get just before you're about to fall asleep. I started tripping pretty hard, and soon found it hard to tell the difference between reality and my trip. I watched a penny crawl from one side of my room to the other. I visioned a baby spider bringing it to his fortress in my room and that kind of freaked me out. 

The next crazy illusion I had was my friend blowing out smoke from an imaginary cigarette, however I actually saw the smoke and thought he was smoking in my room. This fucked with my mind a lot. The coolest vision I had was a piece of paper. This piece of paper rose up and balanced on my guitar amp like a cobra. This was the most amazing hallucination I've ever had. I watched it sway back and forth and I told my friend to get the paper, and he took it off from the amp and put it back on the floor! Then it did the same thing. I found out later that there was no piece of paper, and I had visioned the whole thing. I looked out my window, and saw myself smoking a cigarette outside with somebody. However, it seemed completely normal to me and let it slip.

I pretty much stayed in my room all night until the trip started to wear off. I thought it was wearing off so I went to sleep. However, I thought my friend was in my closet for the longest time and actually believed somebody was in the closet for about 20 minutes. I remembered all the spiders I saw througout my trip, and actually saw a spider under my cover move it around. I went to sleep, and felt a spider on my mouth, I really fast grabbed it, saw it fly through the air then land on the ground dissapearing. It took me 15 minutes to get to sleep after.

I can't say my trip was generally a good one, but I wasn't too scared to say it was a bad one. I haven't ruled out whether or not I'll do it again, but it really fucked me up. The next couple days my balance and vision was a little whacked out.